RECORDATI INDUSTRIA CHIMICA E FARMACEUTICA S.P.A.
Company under the management and coordination of Rossini Luxembourg S.àr.l.
Registered office: Via Matteo Civitali, 1 ‐ Milan, Italy
Share capital: € 26,140,644.50 fully paid‐in
Tax identification code and registration number in the Milan, Monza, Brianza and Lodi Business Register:
00748210150
The Company prepares the consolidated financial statements for the Recordati group.




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                         CONTROL, RISK AND CSR COMMITTEE
                                                           MICHAELA CASTELLI
ANDREA RECORDATI
                                                           Chair
Chairman
                                                           ELISA CORGHI
GUIDO GUIDI
                                                           PIERGIORGIO PELUSO
Vice Chairman
ROBERT KOREMANS
Chief Executive Officer                                    REMUNERATION AND NOMINATIONS
                                                           COMMITTEE
MICHAELA CASTELLI              Lead Independent
                               Director                    JOANNA LE COUILLIARD
ELISA CORGHI                   Independent                 Chair
GIORGIO DE PALMA                                           MICHAELA CASTELLI
LUIGI LA CORTE                                             ELISA CORGHI
JOANNA LE COUILLIARD           Independent
GIAMPIERO MAZZA                                            BOARD OF STATUTORY AUDITORS
PIERGIORGIO PELUSO             Independent
                                                           ANTONIO SANTI
CATHRIN PETTY                                              Chair
KIM STRATTON                                               EZIO SIMONELLI
                                                           LIVIA AMIDANI ALIBERTI
                                                           Statutory Auditors
                                                           ANDREA BALELLI
                                                           PATRIZIA ORIUNDI PALEOLOGO
                                                           Alternate Auditors


                                                           AUDIT FIRM

                                                           EY S.p.A.




                                                                                                           2
The 2022 consolidated financial statements are presented in accordance with the International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRSs) issued or revised by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and
endorsed by the European Union, as well as the provisions issued implementing Art. 9 of Italian Legislative
Decree 38/2005. The same accounting standards were used in the preparation of the 2021 consolidated
financial statements.


This document contains forward‐looking statements relating to future events and future operating, economic
and financial results of the Recordati group. By their nature, forward‐looking statements involve risk and
uncertainty because they depend on the occurrence of future events and circumstances. Actual results may
therefore differ materially from those forecasts as a result of a variety of reasons, most of which are beyond
the Recordati group’s control. The information on the pharmaceutical specialties and other products of the
Recordati group contained in this document is intended solely as information on the Recordati group’s
activities and therefore, as such, it is not intended as medical scientific indication or recommendation, nor as
advertising.


This document in PDF format does not meet the obligation arising from the ESEF Regulation.


This is an English courtesy translation of the original documentation prepared in Italian language.




                                                                                                              3
Recordati,
an international
group
REVENUE
1,853.3
Million Euros


NET INCOME
312.3
Million Euros


EMPLOYEES
Exceed
4,300



                   4
                                                                         RECORDATI, AN INTERNATIONAL GROUP




Recordati is a well‐established international pharmaceutical group
listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since 1984. The Recordati group is
headquartered in Milan and is one of Italy's oldest pharmaceutical
companies.

Since it was founded in 1926, Recordati has grown consistently thanks to the success of its products and its
strategy based on internationalisation and diversification, also implemented through a business
development and acquisition strategy initiated in the 1990s and still ongoing today. The Group is committed
to seeking new opportunities and faces the challenges of a constantly changing marketplace with
determination. In 2022, revenue of € 1,853.3 million was generated with a staff of 4,369 employees.
A number of branches are currently operational in Europe and globally. In addition to it subsidiaries in
Western and Central and Eastern European countries, the Group has a direct presence in the U.S.A., Canada,
Mexico, in some South American countries, the Middle East, Japan, Australia and New Zeland, China, South
Korea, Türkiye and North Africa. Recordati also sells its products in about 150 markets through license and
distribution agreements. Alongside its geographic expansion, the Group has developed a significant and
increasing global presence in the pharmaceutical segment for the treatment of rare diseases and constantly
enhances its treatment offering by developing new products and forming alliances with research institutes
and other pharmaceutical companies.
The Group’s most well known Specialty and Primary Care products include those in the cardiovascular area,
with lercanidipine, a latest‐generation calcium channel blocker indicated for the treatment of hypertension,
discovered and developed entirely at the Recordati research laboratories, and its combination with enalapril,
a widely prescribed ACE inhibitor. The Group’s presence in this treatment area also includes the well‐
established metoprolol‐based products, a beta‐blocker mainly indicated to control a range of conditions
including hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac rhythm disorders, maintenance treatment after a myocardial
infarction, and functional heart disorders with palpitations. Pitavastatin, a latest‐generation statin for
controlling hypercholesterolemia, is also marketed in a number of countries.
In addition to the cardiovascular segment, the Group’s product portfolio covers a range of different
treatment areas. More specifically, over the years, Recordati has acquired specific and wide‐ranging know‐
how in the urology area, with well‐recognized drugs for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia such
as silodosin, and of urinary incontinence, such as flavoxate. The offer has been recently expanded to include
a leuprorelin acetate depot formulation for subcutaneous injection indicated for palliative care in hormone‐
dependent prostate cancer (PCa). A new pre‐connected syringe will be marketed in 2023, further enhancing
the differentiated position of the drug in this market.
In the gastroenterological area it has several established brands for evacuating the intestine based on sodium
picosulfate and magnesium citrate, widely used before diagnostics tests, products used for constipation for
adults and children and a line of probiotics based on lactobacillus reuteri protectis, highly appreciated in
Western Europe.

Among the other therapetical areas in which the Group is present, notewhorthy is the “cough and cold”
portfolio which spans from an antiseptic based on biclotymol for sore throat, to combination products for
the treatment of ear, nose and throat infections, successfully sold mainly in France, Russia and the CIS
countries. In the central nervous system area, we market across several European markets an anti‐psychotic
drug for the treatment of schizophrenia, Reagila®, a new and effective treatment for this seriously
debilitating mental disorder.

Recordati develops, produces and markets drugs for the treatment of rare diseases through Recordati Rare
Diseases, a group of companies operating globally and dedicated entirely to serve patients suffering from



                                                                                                            5
                                                                          RECORDATI, AN INTERNATIONAL GROUP




these diseases. Historically focused on rare genetic metabolic illnesses, the Group’s portfolio in this segment
was expanded with the acquisition of additional important specialties in the area of rare endocrine diseases
through the acquisition of Signifor® and Isturisa® from Novartis in 2019, and further expanded in 2022 with
the acquisition of EUSA Pharma ‐ completed in March 2022 – adding four drugs for the treatment of rare and
niche oncological diseases. The acquisition of the oncology portfolio is an additional and significant step
forward in achieving Recordati's strategy, which aims to increase its presence in the rare disease segment
and improve patients' lives by delivering innovative treatments that address serious unmet medical needs.
Recordati has seven pharmaceutical production facilities and a packaging and distribution facility dedicated
to rare disease products, all of which operate in full compliance with environmental protection regulations
and current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP). Recordati also produces a number of active ingredients
and intermediates for the pharmaceutical industry at two pharmaceutical chemical plants: one in
Campoverde di Aprilia, Italy, and the other in Cork, Ireland.
The broad geographical coverage achieved by the Group, its efficient network of medical sales
representatives, in addition to its well‐established experience in regulatory formalities and its expertise in
managing highly specialized products, make the Recordati group an ideal partner to develop and market new
products in all the territories where it has a presence with its own sales organizations.
Recordati’s ability to generate value creating alliances with prominent players in the pharmaceutical sector
has underpinned the Group’s growth, providing a basis for identifying new partners and implementing new
license agreements to develop innovative pharmaceutical products.
Recordati will extend its presence in the international pharmaceutical market and rare diseases segment,
working in conjunction with the communities where it operates. Contributing to the well‐being of the areas
where it operates and dedicating a portion of its resources to solidarity initiatives is not simply a duty for
Recordati, but rather the way it conducts its business.
The Group pursues a sustainable growth model, integrating social and environmental aspects into its
corporate strategy and process, mindful that there can be no long‐term economic development without
responsible action. For this purpose Recordati has defined a Sustainability Plan, describing its future
commitments, structured with qualitative and quantitative goals for five priority areas: patient care, people
care, environmental protection, responsible sourcing, ethics and integrity. Our focus and efforts in driving
Recordati’s ESG strategy have been further recognized by the upgrade to “Robust” score in the overall ESG
Assessment provided by Moody’s ESG Solutions and the rating from “Gold” to “Platinum” by EcoVadis.
Furthermore, our inclusion in the FTSE4GOOD Index Series and in the MIB ESG Index, promoted by Euronext
and Borsa Italiana, has been reconfirmed, together with the A rating by MSCI ESG Research.




                                                                                                             6
                                                                                   LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS




Letter to our shareholders
Dear shareholders,

2022 was a strong year for Recordati, despite
the multiple macroeconomic and geopolitical
challenges affecting global communities and
businesses.

We are very pleased with Recordati’s
performance this year and the Group’s
impressive ability to deliver outstanding
results. Leveraging our passion and discipline
for top performance, we were able to post
solid growth across both the Specialty &
Primary Care (SPC) and Rare Diseases (RRD)
business units, reaffirming the soundness and
success of our long‐term strategy.
                                                     Andrea Recordati – Chairman   Rob Koremans – Chief Executive Officer

The strong underlying performance across the
business, supported by a rigorous cost discipline, delivered results ahead of the targets set for the year.
Revenues reached €1,853.3 million, +17.3% compared to 2021, including €136.0 million from the rare and
niche oncology product portfolio acquired with EUSA Pharma. Organic revenue growth was 8.1% driven by
strong underlying performance across both business units, with Specialty & Primary Care growing ahead of
relevant markets and Rare Diseases segment growing by just over 55%, driven by the addition of the oncology
franchise, continued strong uptake of Isturisa® and double‐digit growth of Signifor®. Recordati Rare Disease
now accounts for just under one third of total business. EBITDA rose to €672.8 million, with a margin of 36.3%
and up 11.7% over 2021. Adjusted Net Income reached €473.3 million, growing 11.5% over last year. Finally,
Recordati achieved strong free cash flow at €439.0 million, over 90% of Adjusted Net Income. Thanks to
excellent operating results and strong cash generation, the Group's net debt to EBITDA ratio as of 31
December was just over 2, down from around 2.4 immediately after the close of the EUSA acquisition. These
significant achievements were possible thanks, in particular, to the invaluable effort of our people across the
company, and their unwavering commitment to our mission of improving the lives of our patients and their
families.

Beyond the financial results, 2022 was also a year in which we achieved a number of important milestones
for the Group that provide a great platform for further growth.

Most notewhorthy of course was the completion in March of the acquisition of EUSA Pharma, a global
specialty biopharmaceutical company. Its focus on rare and niche oncology diseases strengthens our
footprint in the rare disease segment with an enlarged product portfolio, new expertise, an expanded
geographical presence, and a highly efficient commercial infrastructure. The company was integrated, swiftly
and effectively, ahead of plan and contributed significantly to Recordati’s full‐year performance.

Pursuant to the License and Supply Agreements signed in January 2021 with Tolmar International Ltd to
market Eligard® (leuprorelin acetate) in Europe, Türkiye, Russia, and other countries, a new pre‐connected
syringe was developed to simplify how the product is administered. The new device variation was submitted
in the first quarter of 2022 and was subsequently approved at European level, with national approval and
transition now on‐going and launch planned in 2023. Eligard®, a medicinal product for the treatment of
advanced hormone‐dependent prostate cancer and of high‐risk localized and locally advanced hormone‐



                                                                                                                            7
                                                                                 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS




dependent prostate cancer in combination with radiotherapy, performed very well this year. Recordati
promotion stabilized in‐market sales performance and returned the product to growth in several markets.

In September, following the acquisition of the rights for Signifor® LAR completed in October 2019 and the
issue of the required authorization by the competent Swiss regulatory authority, our subsidiary Recordati AG
finalised the transfer from Novartis Pharma – effective 1 October 2022 –of the assets related to the Signifor®
LAR microparticle production phase conducted in the manufacturing plant of Basel, with payment of the
residual milestone. Additionally, we achieved reimbursement for Isturisa® across the main EU countries,
approved during 2022 in Spain and Italy and in early 2023 in France.

In December, we finalised an agreement to acquire the trademark and marketing rights for the Italian market
for Telefil® (tadalafil). This acquisition is aligned with our business development strategy to strengthen the
urology franchise in Italy and go‐to‐partner for promotionally sensitive RX Established Brands, both regional
and local, supported by our competitive commercial capability.

Recordati can only continue to thrive if we drive our businesses in synch with society. Our focus and efforts
in driving Recordati’s ESG strategy have continued to be recognized by multiple rating agencies, confirming
our inclusion in the FTSE4GOOD Index Series and in the MIB ESG Index, promoted by Euronext and Borsa
Italiana, together with the A rating by MSCI ESG Research.

We always strive to support scientific research and thereby invest in young researchers to drive the
development of new treatments, especially to find innovative solutions to rare diseases. The International
Prize for Scientific Research Arrigo Recordati reflects this commitment. The Tenth edition of the Prize,
concluded in May, was dedicated to the promotion and recognition of excellence in research on pituitary
disorders. We are proud to have presented the award to a project that aims to identify new biomarkers for
the development of a targeted and personalized therapy of Acromegaly.

Recordati continues to be close to those communities most impacted by tragic events that unfolded in recent
periods, starting from the escalation of the war in Ukraine to the recent earthquake in Türkiye and Syria, with
the health and safety of our colleagues being our first priority. In both the circumstances, we promptly put
in place tangible actions to provide our people and their families with the financial and logistical support
needed, while focusing on providing a continued supply of medicines to the populations involved.

We are very proud of the results that we delivered over the course of 2022, especially if we consider the
complex context in which they were achieved. The results and multiple milestones achieved in the past year
clearly put us in a strong position for continued success. On the back of this momentum, in February 2023,
we unveiled the Group’s 2023‐2025 plan update, which confirms our long‐term commitment to our
stakeholders, foreseeing further growth in our business areas and showcasing our full commitment to
patients and their needs. The objective is to continue to drive profitable organic growth of our current
portfolio, enhanced by accretive and growth M&A and targeted business development, while also capturing
low‐risk growth opportunities within our own pipeline. Looking ahead, we are well placed to build on our
strong strategic foundation and maintain our commitment to performance with a view to continuing our
journey of profitable growth and delivering meaningful value for all our stakeholders.




                                                                                                             8
                                                                                   LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS




DIVIDENDS
Based on the results obtained, we propose a dividend to shareholders of € 0.60 per share, in full balance of
the interim 2022 dividend of € 0.55, for all shares outstanding at the ex‐dividend date (against presentation
of coupon no. 31), on 22 May 2023 (with payment on 24 May 2023 and record date 23 May 2023), excluding
treasury shares in the portfolio at that date. This brings the full 2022 dividend to € 1.15 per share (€ 1.10 per
share in 2021).


                                       ANDREA RECORDATI                        ROB KOREMANS
                                       Chairman                                Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                               9
                                                                          GEOGRAPHICAL PRESENCE




Geographical presence
SPECIALTY AND PRIMARY CARE




 Subsidiaries and direct selling organizations
 Countries where Recordati products are sold (under license or export)




                                                                                             10
                                                                     GEOGRAPHICAL PRESENCE




                                                                    About   150
                                                                            COUNTRIES

TREATMENTS FOR RARE DISEASES




 Subsidiaries and direct presence of orphan drug representatives
 Commercial agreements and direct delivery




                                                                                        11
                                                                                                                                                  THE GROUP IN FIGURES




The Group in figures
 REVENUE                                                          EBITDA*                                                          EBITDA* AS %
    Million Euros                           1,853.3               Million Euros                                                    OF REVENUE*
                                                                                                           672.8
                                  1,580.1                                                         602.3
               1,481.8 1,448.9                                                         569.3
    1,352.2                                                                   544.0
                                                                   499.0


                                                                                                                                                           39.3      38.1
                                                                                                                                       36.9      36.7                           36.3




     2018       2019     2020      2021      2022                   2018      2019      2020      2021      2022                      2018      2019     2020      2021     2022




R&D EXPENSES                                                      NET INCOME                                                       ADJUSTED
    Million Euros                                                 Million Euros                                                    NET INCOME**
                                            220.1                                                                                                                            473.3
                                                                                                                                   Million Euros
                                                                                                 386.0                                                   410.4     424.6
                                                                              368.9
                                                                                       355.0                                                    382.4
                                  166.1                                                                                               358.8
                                                                    312.4                                  312.3
                         146.2
               129.7
     109.7




     2018       2019     2020      2021      2022                   2018      2019      2020      2021      2022                    2018*** 2019         2020      2021      2022




     DIVIDEND                                                       NET INCOME                                                       ADJUSTED NET
     PER SHARE                                                      PER SHARE                                                        INCOME PER SHARE
     Euro                                                           Euro                                                             Euro                                     2.302
                                                                                                                                                          1.995     2.061
                                                                                                   1.874                                         1.866
                                                                               1.800     1.725                                         1.756
                                                                      1.529                                  1.519

                                     1.10     1.15****
                  1.00     1.05
        0.92




       2018       2019     2020      2021      2022                   2018      2019      2020      2021     2022                      2018      2019      2020      2021     2022




*    Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses, depreciation, amortization and write‐downs of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill,
     non‐recurring items and non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3
** Net income excluding the amortization and write‐down of intangible assets (except software) and goodwill, non‐recurring items, non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of
     the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory pursuant to IFRS 3, and monetary net gains/losses from hyperinflation (IAS 29), net of tax effects.
*** Pro‐forma, not reported in relevant year financial accounts.
**** Proposed by the Board of Directors.




                                                                                                                                                                                 12
                                                                                                           THE GROUP IN FIGURES




PHARMACEUTICAL SALES BY THERAPEUTIC AREA

                Anti‐infectives for systemic use 0.5%
                                                                                   Cardiovascular 22.6%
                                    Various 0.6%
                         Dermatology 1.3%
            Central nervous system 3.4%
                    Sensory organs 4.0%                                                  Digestive tract and metabolism 20.7%
    Blood and blood forming organs 4.2%
        App. Muscolo‐skeletal system 4.5%
                    Respiratory system 6.0%
                     Genito‐urinary system 6.9%                                  Antineoplastic 14.3%
                                           Anti‐growth hormones 11.0%



GEOGRAPHICAL COMPOSITION OF PHARMACEUTICAL SALES


                                       North Africa 2.1%                   Italy 15.1%

                                Portugal 3.0%
                             Türkiye 4.1%                                          USA 14.4%
                       Other C.E.E. 7.1%

      Russia, Ukraine, other C.I.S. 7.3%

            Other Western Europe 7.6%
                                                                                        Other international sales 12.7%

                              Spain 7.9%

                                           Germany 9.3%                   France 9.4%


BALANCE SHEET
at 31 December 2022



                                                23.1%                                                           SHAREHOLDER’S
        29.3                                    Current Liabilities                                                    EQUITY
        Current Assets
                                                38.2%
                                                Non‐Current Liabilities
                                                                                                              1,546.2       Million Euros


        70.7%                                                                                                     NET FINANCIAL
        Non‐Current                                                                                                    POSITION
                                                38.7%
        Assets
                                                Shareholder's Equity
                                                                                                          (1,419.9)         Million Euros




                                                                                                                                13
                                                                                                 THE RECORDATI SHARE




The Recordati share

  Listing:                             Borsa Italiana, Blue Chip segment, healthcare
  ISIN Code:                           It 0003228271
  Ticker:                              Bloomberg REC IM, Reuters RECI.MI
                                       FTSE MIB, FTSE Italia All‐Share Health Care Index, FTSE Italia All‐Share
  Index:                               Pharmaceuticals & Biotechnology Index, FTSE4Good Index Series, STOXX Europe
                                       600, Euro STOXX Health Care, MSCI Indexes
  Share Capital:                       n. 209,125,156 common shares
  Nominal value:                       € 0.125 per share
  EPS (diluted):                       € 1.494
  Dividend per share:                  € 1.15*

* Proposed by the Board of Directors




                                                                                                                     14
                                                                                                                          THE RECORDATI SHARE




COMPARED TO FTSE ITALIA ALL‐SHARE
Source: FactSet
130
120
110
100
 90
 80
 70
 60
 50
 40
      Dec 21   Jan 22   Feb 22     Mar 22          Apr 22      May 22     Jun 22          Jul 22   Aug 22       Sep 22      Oct 22        Nov 22        Dec 22

                                      Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A.              FTSE MIB




COMPARED TO STOXX 600/HEALTHCARE
Source: FactSet

130
120
110
100
 90
 80
 70
 60
 50
 40
      Dec 21   Jan 22   Feb 22     Mar 22          Apr 22      May 22     Jun 22          Jul 22   Aug 22       Sep 22      Oct 22        Nov 22        Dec 22

                                     Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A.                STOXX Europe 600 Health Care




DIVIDEND
(Euro per Share)
                                                                                                                                1.10            1.15*
                                                                                                   1.00           1.05
                                                                                         0.92
                                                                        0.85
                                            0.60            0.70
                            0.50
      0.30       0.33


      2012       2013       2014            2015            2016        2017             2018      2019           2020           2021            2022

                                                                                                                         * Proposed by the Board of Directors



PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS
at 31 December 2022

                                                                                                                   Free float 46.4%

 Consortium of investment
 funds controlled by CVC
 Capital Partners 51.8%
                                                                                                   Treasury Stock 1.8%



                                                                                                                                                        15
                     HEALTH, A GLOBAL OBJECTIVE

Health,
a global objective




                                            16
                                                                                   HEALTH, A GLOBAL OBJECTIVE




The World Health Organisation (WHO) defines health as a state of
complete physical, mental and social well‐being and not merely the
absence of disease or infirmity.

To improve health, it is therefore necessary to intervene on a number of determining factors, such as the
social, physical and economic conditions in which people are born, live and work, including the health care
system. In this context, besides institutions and governments, pharmaceutical companies are also called
upon to develop strategies to improve the health care system, in terms of the availability, accessibility and
quality of health care structures and the goods and services provided.
Health care expenditure is a significant indicator of the growing attention to the subject of health. The
pandemic aside, global spending on medicines continues to be driven by innovation and offset by losses of
exclusivity and the lower costs of generics and biosimilars.
The global medicine market is expected to grow at 3–6% CAGR through 2027, reaching about US$1.9 trillion
in 2027. Spending and volume growth will follow diverging trends by region with larger established markets
growing more slowly, and growth markets in Eastern Europe, Asia and Latin America growing in both volume
and spending. (Source: Global Use of Medicines 2023, outlook to 2027, IQVIA).
The Consumer Health Care retail market (self‐medication) reached US$158 billion globally in the year, as of
September 2022, up by 7% versus a year ago (source: Nicholas Hall’s CHC Dashboard).
This global trend showed a significant recovery following the pandemic, made up of a combination of
different therapeutic area and regional dynamics. In particular, cough & cold and analgesics recorded an
outstanding growth vs 2021, returning to pre pandemic levels, driven by a strong flu season which also
impacted the consumption of probiotics and immunity supplements. This trend was even more pronounced
in Europe, where Consumer Health Care sales grew by 11%, outperforming the global trend.

The trend in the pharmaceutical sector to invest more in the treatment of rare diseases has consolidated
itself. Although the target population is smaller, it has significant unmet need. In 2021, more than half (52%)
of the new FDA approvals were allocated to orphan drugs and this trend is continuing also in 2022 with 17
new orphan drug approvals as of 22 December 2022. In 2022, US$173 billion (+12% compared to 2021) was
destined to treating rare diseases, with the market growing on average 12% and expected to reach US$221
billion by 2024 and US$273 billion in 2026, to the extent of representing 20% of the global prescription drug
market, excluding generics (source: FDA, Evaluate Pharma Orphan Drug Report 2022, Evaluate Pharma World
Preview 2022).
In this dynamic and competitive environment, pharmaceutical companies must remain constantly committed
on a number of fronts:
      degree of internationalization, in order to guarantee broader outlet markets for medicines
      relationships with opinion leaders, fundamental in terms of research and development and the
         education and training of company medical representatives
      support continuous improvement of diagnosis and treatment of diseases
      education, training and refresher courses for doctors regarding new pharmaceutical products
      developing relationships with national governments, patient associations and public administrations
         to improve access to treatment
      developing new pharmaceutical products and technology to deal with emerging health emergencies
         (influenza pandemic and resistance to antibiotics).




                                                                                                            17
                  RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Research
and Development




                                        18
                                                                                  RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT




In 2022, Research and Development activities concentrated primarily
on the rare diseases segment. New acquisitions and licences enriched
the product pipeline in Rare Diseases and Specialty and Primary Care.

Progress was made on the clinical development and life cycle management (LCM) programs of key assets,
including Signifor®, Isturisa®, REC 0559 (treatment of neurotrophic keratitis), REC 0545 (treatment of
leucinosis or maple syrup urine disease [MSUD]) and cysteamine (new formulation development).
At the same time, important and intense registration and regulatory formalities were carried out to obtain
marketing approvals for Recordati products in new territories.
The addition of new products via external acquisitions, which complements our internal efforts on clinical
development and LCM activities, was again a significant pillar of our growth.
In March 2022 in particular, Recordati indeed announced the closing of a share purchase agreement to
acquire EUSA Pharma (UK) Ltd, a global specialty pharmaceutical focused on rare and niche oncology
diseases, and the portfolio was enriched with Qarziba® (an anti‐GD2 monoclonal antibody indicated for high‐
risk neuroblastoma), Sylvant® (an anti‐IL‐6 monoclonal antibody for the treatment of Idiopathic Multicentric
Castleman's disease), Fotivda® (an oral, highly selective, small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor of vascular
endothelial growth factor receptors 1, 2, and 3 for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma), and
Caphosol® (a medical device for oral mucositis due to chemo and radio therapy).
Details on key development programs related to both Business Unites are reported in the following sections.




                                                                                                            19
                                                                                      RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT




PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT PIPELINE
 Name              Originator            Indication                                       Development status


 REC 0559          Recordati/MimeTech    Neurotrophic keratitis                  Phase II in progress

 REC 0545          Recordati/AP‐HP       Acute decompensation episodes in        Filing expected in 2023
                                         maple syrup urine disease (MSUD)
                                         or leucinosis
 ISTURISA®         Novartis              Endogenous Cushing’s syndrome/          Approved in the USA, Europe,
                                         Cushing’s disease                       Switzerland, Australia, Israel and
                                                                                 Japan.
                                                                                 Filed in other countries
 CYSTADROPS®       Recordati             Corneal cystine crystal deposits in     Approved in the USA and Europe.
                                         patients with cystinosis                Development of new formulations
                                                                                 in the USA and EU
 CARBAGLU®         (Recordati Rare       Hyperammonemia due to NAGS              Regulatory procedure ongoing in
                   Diseases)             deficiency and to the main organic      China for approval in NAGS
                                         acidemias                               deficiency and organic acidemias
 QARZIBA®          Apeiron / Recordati   Treatment of high‐risk                  Approved in the EU, UK, Australia,
                                         neuroblastoma patients who              Brazil, China Hong Kong, Israel,
                                         achieved at least a partial response    Russia and Taiwan.
                                         at the chemotherapeutical               Under development for
                                         induction, followed by                  registration in other territories,
                                         myeloablative therapy and stem cell     including USA and Switzerland
                                         transplantation, and of patients with
                                         relapsed or refractory
                                         neuroblastoma
 SYLVANT®          Recordati             Treatment of idiopathic Multicentric    Approved in over 40 countries
                                         Castleman Disease (iMCD)                including EU, US and China.
                                                                                 Potential indication expansion
                                                                                 evaluation ongoing
 REAGILA®          Gedeon Richter        Schizophrenia                           Pediatric post‐approval
                                                                                 development plan
 ELIGARD®          Tolmar                Hormone‐dependent prostate              New device post‐approval activities
                                         cancer



TREATMENTS OF RARE DISEASES
Recordati is expanding its commitment to researching and developing treatments for rare diseases and has
a number of projects in the pipeline in various phases, from discovering new formulations to late stage and
post‐approval studies.
Furthermore, various collaborations with the best universities worldwide are in place, with the objective of
finding new therapeutic uses for the current treatments as well as to promote research and development in
the more relevant areas (metabolic diseases, endocrinology, oncology).

Signifor®/Signifor® LAR (pasireotide) and Isturisa® (osilodrostat)
During 2019, universal rights were acquired from Novartis for Signifor® and Signifor® LAR for the treatment
of Cushing’s disease and Acromegaly in adult patients when surgery is not indicated or when surgery has
failed, as well as Isturisa® (osilodrostat), an innovative oral administration treatment. Isturisa® received
European approval in January 2020 for Cushing’s syndrome, U.S. approval in March 2020 for Cushing’s
disease, with further approvals for Cushing’s syndrome in Switzerland in October 2020, Japan in March 2021,



                                                                                                                      20
                                                                                     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT




Australia in May 2022 and Israeli in December 2022. During 2022, the transfer of sponsorship from Novartis
to Recordati AG was completed on a number of global trials involving the above‐mentioned products,
including:
     a global interventional study with Signifor® and Signifor® LAR (SOM230B2412)
     and observational study (PASS) with Signifor® (SOM230B2410)
     a global interventional study with Isturisa® (CLCI699C2X01B)
     a pediatric study with Isturisa® (CLCI699C2203).
The Endocrinology team made a significant effort to register Isturisa® in other countries and to extend current
indications, including the potential future extension to Cushing’s syndrome in the U.S.. In such a frame, a
retrospective observational study (LINC‐7) has started in France to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of
Isturisa® for the treatment of patients with non‐Cushing’s disease Cushing’s syndrome: relevant results,
along with other data, will be used to support the discussion with FDA.
Finally, a non‐interventional study (LINC6) in patients with endogenous Cushing's syndrome that are already
being treated with osilodrostat, alone or in combination with other therapies, enrolled its first patients in
2022, to further document the safety and efficacy of osilodrostat administered in routine clinical practice.

Carbaglu® (carglumic acid)
This product is an orphan drug approved in the European Union by the European Commission and in the U.S.
by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of hyperammonemia due to N‐Acetyl
Glutamate Synthase (NAGS) deficiency. NAGS deficiency is an extremely rare inherited metabolic disorder
affecting the urea cycle which leads to accumulation of ammonia in the blood. If not adequately and quickly
treated, NAGS‐D can cause irreversible brain damage, coma, and eventually death. Carbaglu® provides
specific treatment for this genetic disorder, treating the patient’s lifelong disorder. Carbaglu® is also indicated
in the European Union, US and Canada to treat hyperammonemia due to the three main organic acidemias
(OAs): isovaleric acidemia, methylmalonic acidemia and propionic acidemia. During 2022, a Non‐
Interventional Post‐Authorization Safety Study (PASS) of Carbaglu® for the treatment of hyperammonemia
due to Methylmalonic Acidemia (MMA) and Propionic Acidemia (PA) in adult and pediatric patients was
started, which will collect additional data on clinical outcomes and serious adverse events associated with
the short and longer‐term administration of Carbaglu®, in accordance with FDA requirements. Furthermore,
a New Drug Application (NDA) for the treatment of patients with NAGS‐D and OA has been submitted to
NMPA in China.

Cystadrops® (cysteamine hydrochloride)
Nephropathic cystinosis is a congenital disorder which affects all the body’s organs. Currently, the oral
administration of cysteamine (Cystagon®) is the only specific treatment that fights the accumulation of
cystine in various organs and tissues. Special focus is given to cystinosis when it affects the eyes. If quick,
continuous and proper treatment is not received, cystine crystals accumulate in the cornea causing visual
complications such as photophobia (sensitivity to light), retinal damage, ulcerations and degenerative
infections that can lead to corneal erosion and consequent blindness. Whereas Cystagon® has a limited effect
on the ocular manifestation of the condition due to the absence of corneal vascularization, Cystadrops® are
gel‐based eye drops containing cysteamine chlorhydrate, developed by Recordati for the specific treatment
of this condition. This treatment acts directly on the accumulations of cystine crystals in the eyes and
therefore reduces and eventually eliminates the crystals, improving the symptoms. Cystadrops® is marketed
in European Union countries and in the U.S.A., where approval has been granted by the FDA.
Currently, new innovative formulations of Cystadrops® are being developed to better meet patients’
requirements.

Qarziba® (dinutuximab beta)
The product, acquired in 2022 through the acquisition of EUSA Pharma, is anti‐ganglioside‐D2 (GD2) mAb
licensed and commercialized for the treatment of high‐risk neuroblastoma patients aged 12 months and



                                                                                                                21
                                                                                  RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT




above, who achieved at least a partial response at the chemotherapeutical induction, followed by
myeloablative therapy and stem cell transplantatiom as well as patients with relapsed or refractory
neuroblastoma. Qarziba® is supplied globally and approved in the EU, UK, Israel, Australia, Brazil, China, Hong
Kong, Russia and Taiwan. Neuroblastoma is a rare cancer that originates in the nervous system. It is the most
common extracranial solid tumour diagnosed in children under 15 years of age, comprising around 7% of all
childhood cancers. Around 50% of patients are diagnosed with high‐risk neuroblastoma and this has the
worst prognosis. When used as maintenance therapy, Qarziba has demonstrated a significant improvement
in five‐year overall survival. In 2022 a development strategy aimed to obtain the approval by FDA of a
Biologics License Application (BLA) for Qarziba® in the US has been advanced, with further interactions
planned with the FDA in first half of 2023.

Sylvant® (siltuximab)
The product is an anti‐interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) mAb licensed and commercialized by EUSA Pharma for the
treatment of idiopathic Multicentric Castleman Disease (iMCD). Sylvant® is supplied globally and approved
in over 40 countries including EU, US and China.
Castleman Disease is a rare disease that affects the lymphatic system and Multi‐centric Castleman Disease
(MCD) is a sub‐type of Castleman Disease. Being ‘idiopathic’ means that the cause of your MCD is not known.
Only between 3 and 4 people among every million in the general population are diagnosed with iMCD each
year. It can affect anyone – males, females, adults and children, although most people with iMCD are above
the age of 45. Sylvant® is the only IL‐6 targeted therapy approved and recommended for iMCD, with the aim
to support a durable tumour and symptomatic response.
In 2022, research activities have been kicked off to explore new options to develop Sylvant® in several IL‐6
induced diseases.

REC 0559
In June 2017, Recordati and Recordati Rare Diseases (formerly Orphan Europe) signed an exclusive license
agreement with MimeTech, an Italian development company founded by scientists from the University of
Florence, to develop and subsequently market a human nerve growth factor (NGF) peptidomimetic for the
treatment of neurotrophic keratitis, on a global level. Neurotrophic keratitis is a rare degenerative corneal
disease caused by an impairment of the trigeminal nerve. In its more severe forms, it affects less than one
person out of 10,000. The progression of the disease can result in corneal ulcers and perforation with a
dramatic impact on the patient’s vision. Clinical trials on humans started in 2020. The global phase 2 trial
involving 108 patients is currently underway; although recruitment has been slow due to the COVID‐19
pandemic, the first part of the trial was completed at the beginning of 2022.

REC 0545
Leucinosis or maple syrup urine disease (MSUD) is a rare metabolic disorder affecting branched‐chain amino
acids (leucine, isoleucine and valine) caused by a build‐up of these amino acids and the corresponding
metabolites. This buildup manifests with severe symptoms, affecting all the organs from the start of a
newborn’s life which, if not adequately diagnosed and treated, could result in the child’s death. Even when
chronically treated, patients may be subject to acute metabolic decompensation episodes that manifest with
severe neurological symptoms which, if not addressed, can be life‐threatening.
Various therapeutic approaches exist, but to date, none is specifically approved to manage the acute phases.
Preliminary data show that REC 0545 acts quickly on the built‐up amino acids and their metabolites, thus
considerably reducing symptoms and the patient mortality rate.
In 2019, positive results were obtained in a retrospective clinical study on patients suffering from Maple
syrup urine disease (MSUD). Formulation development is in progress, as is the process for filing in Europe,
under the well established use registration process.




                                                                                                            22
                                                                                  RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT




SPECIALTY & PRIMARY CARE SEGMENT
The main research and development activities in the Specialty and Primary Care segment during 2022 are
summarized in the paragraphs below, with focus on life cycle management and maintenance activity
supporting our current portfolio. As a part of portfolio review process and of the decision to focus on core
therapeutic areas, we signed in February 2022 an agreement to Ars Pharmaceuticals, following which Ars
have re‐acquired from Recordati the rights of the product ARS‐1.

Eligard® (leuprorelin acetate)
Eligard® is indicated for the treatment of hormone‐dependent advanced prostate cancer and high‐risk
localized and locally advanced hormone‐dependent prostate cancer in combination with radiotherapy.
Following the signature of the Licensing and Supply agreement, all marketing authorization (but Algeria and
3 CIS countries) have been transferred from Astellas to Recordati Spa..
The active ingredient in Eligard® is leuprorelin acetate. The product is currently available in three different
doses (for 1‐month, 3‐month and 6‐month treatment, respectively) as a single kit containing two syringes.
Since 2021, intense development has been carried out to introduce a new device (2 pre‐connected syringes)
to ease the administration of the product by health care professional. The regulatory worksharing application
for the assessment of the dossier of Eligard® in the pre‐connected syringe system configuration was
submitted in January 2022 to 27 Health Authorities of the European Economic Area (EEA). After the
submission of the responses to two rounds of questions received from the Health Authorities, the
implementation of the pre‐connected syringe system for Eligard® was approved by the Reference Member
State (Germany) in September 2022. The same variation is being submitted in all the ex‐EEA countries in
which Recordati is the marketing authorization holder.
A large prospective real‐life observational clinical study has also started in France to evaluate the efficacy
and tolerability of leuprorelin acetate 22.5 mg (3‐month) and 45 mg (6‐month) in daily medical practice.

Urorec®/Silodyx®/Silodosin Recordati (silodosin)
The Bulgarian branch has started directly marketing Urorec® in Bulgaria on 1st April. In October, a new a
new pack‐size of 200 capsules in blister has been approved for the centralized registration of Silodyx 8 mg
hard capsules.

Fortacin™ (lidocaine/prilocaine)
In September a new manufacturing site responsible for all manufacturing steps of the finished product and
the change of the administration device (valve and actuation cap) which is an integrated part of the primary
packaging, according to the new Medical Medical Devices Regulation (EU) 2017/745 have been approved for
the centralised registration of FORTACIN Cutaneous spray, solution 5ml spray container (12 doses). The same
grouping of 8 variations has been submitted to the MHRA for the national registration procedure completed
in Great Britain and is under assessment.


Zanidip®/Zanipress® (lercanidipine/ lercanidipine‐enalapril)
A common packaging for monotherapy has been approved for Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden in
November.
A new HPLC analytical method to control the assay and related substances has been approved for most of
the European registrations of Zanidip®.
In addition, the renewal of the import licence for Zanidip 10mg and 20mg has been approved for China.

Seloken®/Seloken® ZOK (metoprolol) and Logimax® (metoprolol + felodipine)
During 2022, Recordati SpA has been added as manufacturer for for primary, secondary packaging and batch
release (not including CQ testing) for blister presentation of Seloken and Seloken ZOK registration and




                                                                                                            23
                                                                                   RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT




completed the project for the addition of a new manufacturer responsible for secondary packaging and batch
releases for Seloken ampoules in BeNeLux, Nordic Countries and Romania
In addition, for Seloken ampoules, variations to extend the shelf‐life to 5 years in Czech Repuplic and to
register the Recordati Group UK Pharmacovigilance System, as per the requirement In Great Britain following
Brexit, has been approved in April and in July, respectively.

Reagila® (cariprazine)
Trials continue aimed at demonstrating the efficacy and safety of cariprazine in adolescents (13-17), with
a significant slowdown recorded in patient recruitment due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and
the Russian-Ukrainian war.
The product has been registered in Türkiye and is also in the process of registration in Tunisia and Algeria for
schizophrenia. A variation to include the indication including mania and bipolar depression has been
submitted to Swissmedic from Recordati A.G. for the Swiss national registration of Reagila.

Methadone
Work continued in 2022 on the commitments undertaken with the French Authority at the time that the
Zoryon® approval was issued for the treatment of moderate and severe oncological pain in patients who do
not respond adequately to other opioids. A real‐life observational study has started in 2022 in France to
describe cancer pain management with methadone (Zoryon®) in patients not adequately relieved by other
opioids.

Lomexin® (fenticonazole)
Fenticonazole is a topical antimycotic drug with a broad spectrum of action originated by Recordati. A
number of different projects were conducted in support of the development of the product, given its increase
in sales and the potential associated with its change of status from prescription to over‐the‐counter in various
European countries as well as the scientific evidence supporting the fenticonazole molecule as a treatment
for vaginal infections with different etiology.
The change from prescription only to over‐the‐counter for the 2% cream has been approved in Belarus and
Austria, while for 600mg vaginal capsules has been approved in Austria and is under assessment in Bosnia
and Bulgaria.
A variation to extend the indication to the treatment of mixed infections with gram positive and negative
bacteria for Lomexin 600mg vaginal capsules and Lomexin 2% vaginal cream has been submitted in
November to Czech Health Authority and is going to be submitted for national registrations in Latvia and
Lithuania and for DCP procedure in Belgium, Croatia, Cyprus, Denmark, Estonia, Luxembourg, Netherlands
and Slovenia.

Livazo® (pitavastatin)
Pitavastatin is indicated for the reduction of elevated total cholesterol (TC) and LDL cholesterol (LDL‐C) in
adults, adolescents and children aged 6 years or older with primary hypercholesterolemia, including
heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia, and combined (mixed) dyslipidemia, when the response to diet
and other non‐pharmacological measures is inadequate. Life cycle management activities to update safety
information of the local Product Information are currently underway in Russia and Türkiye.
Pitavastatin 1mg, 2mg and 4mg film‐coated tablets have been registered in Belarus in February.
A Decentralised procedure involving Portugal as Reference Member State and Greece as Concerned Member
State has been positively concluded in September by Kowa Pharmaceutical Europe GmbH for the Generic
medicinal product of Pitavastatina 1 mg, 2 mg and 4 mg film‐coated tablets.

Proctoglyvenol® (tribenoside + lidocaine)
The manufacturing of the cream pharmaceutical form has been reactivated at the Milan plant. A variation
has been approved through a work sharing procedure to introduce minor changes to the manufacturing
process, following the installation of a new turboemulsifier in all European registrations.




                                                                                                             24
                                                                             RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT




A variation to add the alternative manufacturing site Temmler Italia Srl for the entire finished product
manufacturing process has been approved through a work sharing procedure for all European registrations
of the suppository pharmaceutical form.




                                                                                                     25
                   RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Production sites




                                         26
                                                                                                PRODUCTION SITES




Production sites
Recordati’s production sites are equipped with state‐of‐the‐art
installations and their research laboratories are fitted with the latest
equipment. All plants operate in full compliance with environmental
protection regulations and in compliance with the cGMP (current Good
Manufacturing Practices).


2
Pharmaceutical chemical
plants


7
Pharmaceutical
manufacturing plants


1
Packaging and distribution
center dedicated to products
for rare diseases

                                         Chemical production            Pharmaceutical production




PHARMACEUTICAL CHEMICAL PLANTS

ITALY
The Campoverde di Aprilia plant in Italy mainly supplies the active ingredients used in the preparation of the
various pharmaceutical specialties produced by the Company, but is also an established independent
producer of a number of active and intermediate ingredients for the pharmaceutical industry internationally.
It is one of the most important producers in the world of verapamil HCl, phenytoin, papaverine HCl,
dimenhydrinate, tribenoside and manidipine 2HCl. Other pharmaceutical chemicals are produced on behalf
of important pharmaceutical companies. The plant was one of the first European facilities to undergo
inspection by the American Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The United States has become and
continues to be the primary outlet market for its production. The Campoverde site extends over
approximately 335,000 sq. m., with an operational area of 35,000 sq. m., and produces approximately 650
MT/year of finished goods with approximately 5,000 MT/year of semi‐finished goods handled internally.




                                                                                                              27
                                                                                             PRODUCTION SITES




High‐tech systems are employed for the management of particularly delicate processes such as the reactions
which employ cyanides, high pressure hydrogenations, dehydrogenations, methylations, chlorine
methylations, halogenations or those which involve substances which require very stringent safety measures.
Investments have been made to enhance the technological and production capacity of the plant, which over
the last eight years have installed 25 new reactors, a latest‐generation three‐stage distillation unit for high‐
temperature unstable liquids, 2 thin film evaporators and 3 filters for the isolation of solid products, 3
centrifuges and an anti‐acid drier. From the perspective of continual improvement, important upgrades were
also carried out in the intermediates and active ingredients’ discharge and packaging areas.
A vast range of technologies, skills and expertise in the field of organic synthesis is employed, making it
possible to quickly and effectively develop new processes for the production of active ingredients, from their
synthesis to purification and finishing, through the various research stages, scale up and final
industrialization. The Research and Development laboratories are fitted with the latest equipment such as a
high containment HP‐API pharmaceutical isolator (glove box) and a micro reactor for the development of
new continuous production processes. An extremely versatile pilot plant is also available, equipped for the
small‐scale production of active ingredients, in accordance with cGMP (current Good Manufacturing
Practice). During 2021, significant investments were made to expand the Pilot System in terms of technology,
with the establishment of a plant to manage reactions at extremely low temperatures (‐80°C) and to isolate
high‐containment products. The plant operates in compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice
(cGMP) and is regularly inspected by national and international authorities such as AIFA (Agenzia Italiana del
Farmaco), the FDA (Food and Drug Administration), ANVISA (the Brazilian agency), PMDA (the Japanese
Ministry of Health), and the KFDA (Korean Food and Drug Administration). The plant’s environmental
management system has been certified according to the UNI EN ISO 14001:2004:2015 standards by Det
Norske Veritas Italia (DNV), an internationally accredited body, and is inspected on an annual basis.
In 2022 the technology transfer of osilodrostat, Isturisa’s API, manufacturing process has been completed.
Three validation batches have been flawlessly manufactured and regulatory file has been submitted to the
Authorities. Process and plant have been audited by Italian Minister of Health and manufacturing license is
expected during 2023.

At the Campoverde di Aprilia site, in order to promote an approach aimed at the circular economy that
reduces waste and the use of natural resources, various initiatives to recover and re‐use chemical raw
materials used in production processes were analysed. Specifically, with the new contribution of the recovery
of palladium from the flavoxate process, since 2022, the Group has been able to recover at least 55% of the
palladium used in all processes.


IRELAND
To guarantee adequate and continuous supplies of the active ingredient lercanidipine, in 2005, a new and
dedicated plant was constructed in Cork, Ireland. This facility boasts automated process control systems
which ensure constant high quality production. The plant is certified according to cGMP (current Good
Manufacturing Practice) standards and covers a surface area of around 43,000 sq. m, with an installed area
of 8,300 sq. m. The continuous commitment to reduce and improve the use of energy was recognized in 2012
with the National Energy Efficiency Award, which is promoted by the Sustainable Energy Authority of Ireland
(SEAI), and in 2013 by the European Energy Efficiency Award, promoted by the Chemical European Federation
Industry Council (CEFIC). In 2016, the site was extended, enlarging the two buildings housing the
administration and quality control laboratories.




                                                                                                             28
                                                                                             PRODUCTION SITES




PHARMACEUTICAL MANUFACTURING PLANTS

ITALY
The Milan site occupies a surface area of around 5,000 sq. m., built vertically over a number of floors for a
total of 21,000 sq. m. and produces around 60 million packages per year. It is specialized in the manufacture
and packaging of solid oral forms, liquids, and products for topical use. Recordati has recently undertaken a
restructuring project in certain production areas, including the installation of a new blister packaging line,
which will be added to the 5 that are already operational and increase production capacity significantly.
Certain corporate products are manufactured at the Milan site (lercanidipine, enalapril + lercanidipine,
silodosin and pitavastatin. In the case of the latter, only packaging is done) for all the markets where they
are sold.


FRANCE
The plant at Saint Victor covers a surface of 6,750 sq. m. and produces 29 million packages per year. It is
specialized in the production and packaging of liquid, solid oral and spray formulations. Certain corporate
products are manufactured at the French site (Abufene®, Hexaspray® and Hexalise®) for all the markets
where they are sold.


SPAIN
The Spanish plant is situated near Zaragoza covering a surface area of 7,100 sq. m. and produces around 22
million packages a year. It is specialized in the production and packaging of solid and liquid oral and topical
formulations. In particular, the plant manufactures a line of gastroenterological products. Recently, a new
line has been installed and approved for the packaging of tablets in bottles.
In relation to the Group's environmental commitment, the project to install a photovoltaic solar panel system
with the capacity to generate up to 185 kWh of electricity for self‐consumption has been successfully
completed.


TÜRKIYE
The Turkish site is in Çerkezköy, Türkiye, built on 45,000 sq. m. of land, and covering approximately 11,300
sq. m.. It currently produces about 60 million packages per year of solid oral and liquid formulations and
products for topical use, of which 27% are for other pharmaceutical companies. The Çerkezköy plant was
certified cGMP (current Good Manufacturing Practice) compliant by the European Union, Azerbaijan, Libya,
Kenya, the Russian Federation, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan.


TUNISIA
The plant is situated in Ariana, near Tunis. It covers an area of around 9,100 sq. m. and produces around 17
million packages a year of liquid, semi‐solid and oral solid forms for the local market and for some of the
countries in the Arabian Peninsula. Certified GMP compliant, the manufacturing site was approved by the
Gulf Health Council and the Saudi Food and Drug Authority.




                                                                                                            29
                                                                                              PRODUCTION SITES




SWITZERLAND
The facility, acquired in 2022 in the context of agreements with Novartis for the acquisition of the rights to
Signifor, are located in the north‐western part of Switzerland, Basel (within the Novartis Campus). The plant
is covering an area of approx. 1500 sq.m. Since the successful qualification in 2012 and GMP certification by
Swissmedic, it is used for commercial production of Signifor® LAR Bulk – a specialized drug product used for
the treatment of Acromegaly and Cushing’s disease.


CZECH REPUBLIC
The plant, situated in Pardubice, produces creams, gels and ointments for a total of around 2 million packages
per year.



PACKAGING AND DISTRIBUTION CENTER DEDICATED TO PRODUCTS FOR
RARE DISEASES
A packaging and distribution site in Paris exclusively destined to products for the treatment of rare diseases
is in operation. It occupies a surface area of 1,600 sq. m. and is entirely dedicated to the secondary packaging,
storage and shipping of rare disease products. The site delivers, upon short notice, more than 27,000 orders
annually to more than 60 countries worldwide thanks to its highly qualified staff and a modern GDP (Good
Distribution Practices) certified logistics platform.




                                                                                                              30
                    2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



Review of Operations and
Financial Activities 2022
                                                                                                 2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




Financial highlights
NET REVENUE
 € (thousands)                                           2022               %                  2021              %         Changes            %
                                                                                                                         2022/2021
 TOTAL                                             1,853,307             100            1,580,074            100.0           273,233       17.3
 Italy                                               277,322             15.0             265,361             16.8            11,961        4.5
 International                                     1,575,985             85.0           1,314,713             83.2           261,272       19.9

KEY CONSOLIDATED P&L DATA
€ (thousands)                                           2022              %                   2021             %            Changes            %
                                                                 of revenue                           of revenue          2022/2021
Net revenue                                       1,853,307             100.0           1,580,074            100.0            273,233       17.3
EBITDA(1)                                           672,750               36.3            602,253             38.1                70,497    11.7
Operating income                                    437,326               23.6            490,190             31.0            (52,864)     (10.8)
                                  (2)
Adjusted operating income                           536,060               28.9            504,616             31.9                31,444     6.2
Net income                                          312,336               16.9            385,966             24.4            (73,630)     (19.1)
                          (3)
Adjusted net income                                 473,306               25.5            424,647             26.9                48,659    11.5
(1)   Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses, depreciation, amortization and write‐downs of property, plant and equipment,
      intangible assets and goodwill, non‐recurring items and non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to
      the gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.
(2)   Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses and non‐recurring items, non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the
      purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.
(3)   Net income excluding the amortization and write‐downs of intangible assets (except software) and goodwill, non‐recurring items, non‐cash
      charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory pursuant to IFRS 3, and
      monetary net gains/losses from hyperinflation (IAS 29), net of tax effects.


KEY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA
€ (thousands)                                                                31 December          31 December               Changes            %
                                                                                    2022                 2021             2022/2021
Net financial position(4)                                                       (1,419,909)            (736,539)            (683,370)       92.8
Shareholders’ equity                                                              1,546,248            1,381,625              164,623       11.9
(4)   Cash and cash equivalents, less bank debts and loans, which include the measurement at fair value of hedging derivatives.




                                                                                                                                              32
                                                                                                  2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



PER SHARE DATA
€                                                                                     2022                  2021           Changes              %
                                                                                                                         2022/2021
Net income(5)                                                                         1.519                 1.874             (0.355)      (18.9)
Shareholders’ equity                                                                  7.526                 6.710               0.816       12.2
Dividends(6)                                                                           1.15                  1.10                0.05        4.5

SHARES OUTSTANDING:
Year average                                                                 205,582,127            206,011,089
At 31 December                                                               205,441,123            205,910,856
(5)    Net income per share is based on average shares outstanding during the year net of average treasury shares. Shareholders’ equity per share is
       based on total shares outstanding at year end. Shares outstanding are net of treasury shares, amounting to 3,684,033 shares at 31 December
       2022 and 3,214,300 shares at 31 December 2021. Average treasury shares amounted to 3,543,029 shares in 2022 and 3,114,067 shares in 2021.
(6)   The amount for 2022 was proposed by the Board of Directors.




In 2022, the Group achieved very positive financial results, with revenue and operating income exceeding
the targets set at the beginning of the year. These solid results were achieved thanks to the continued
recovery of the pharmaceutical market post‐pandemic but, above all, thanks to the excellent performance
by the Group’s main products in the Speciality and Primary Care and rare diseases sectors.

Consolidated net revenue in 2022 was € 1,853.3 million, up by 17.3% compared to the previous year and
includes € 136.0 million in revenue from the rare oncology product portfolio acquired with EUSA Pharma,
consolidated since the second quarter. Net of the new acquisition and the effect of the progressive switch to
direct sales of Eligard® in the first half of 2021, organic revenue growth was 8.1%, which reflects broadly
neutral FX year on year of ‐0.2% (‐€‐3.5 million), with the devaluation of the Turkish lira partially offset by
the rise in the U.S. dollar and the rouble.

In the Specialty and Primary Care segment, the Group continued to see strong growth, in particular in sales
of specialty medicines for seasonal flu diseases (which were affected by decreases of stock in the first half of
2021, especially in Russia) and gastrointestinal diseases, together with growth for Eligard® (obtained under
license from Tolmar International Ltd in January 2021). In the rare diseases segment, growth was supported
by the contribution of new oncology products, combined with continued progress in endocrinology products
(revenue associated with Signifor® and Isturisa® at € 171.9 million, compared to € 126.6 million in 2021), with
robust performance from Panhematin®, Cystadrops® and Carbaglu® in the metabolic portfolio, despite for
the last one the entry of generic versions in the United States of America at the beginning of 2022.

In April 2022, conditions were met for application of accounting standard IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in
Hyperinflationary Economies” in Türkiye. Application of this standard diluted margins slightly, with an
increase of around € 1 million in revenue and a negative impact on operating and net results between € 7
and 9 million (at various levels of the income statement), also considering the effect of IAS 21. It also led to
a monetary revaluation of equity for the business in Türkiye of around € 80 million (net of impairment of € 5
million).
Also from the second quarter of 2022, given the materiality of the non‐monetary adjustments originating
from the allocation under standard IFRS 3 of the higher price paid for the acquisition of EUSA Pharma, in line
with the best practices of the sector and to provide a disclosure that is as thorough as possible on the Group’s
operating performance (and comparable with the previous period), two new indicators were added: Adjusted
gross profit and adjusted operating income. Both these indicators are adjusted for the impacts of applying
the standard IFRS 3 in relation to the stock acquired as well as, in the case of adjusted operating income, for
non‐recurring items.


                                                                                                                                                33
                                                                             2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




Gross profit was € 1,286.6 million, up 11.6% compared to the previous year, with a ratio to sales of 69.4%.
The result includes € 49.8 million non‐cash charge arising from applying IFRS 3 to the inventory of EUSA
Pharma; net of this effect, the adjusted gross profit was € 1,336.4 million, up 16.0%, with margin of 72.1%
reflecting the slightly dilutive effect of the gradual shift to the direct sales model for Eligard® in the first half
of 2021 and the effect of the application of IAS 29, as pointed out above.

Adjusted operating income of € 536.1 million increased by 6.2% compared to the previous year, with a ratio
to sales of 28.9%, reflecting the sharp increase in revenue, partially offset by the recovery of operating assets
in the area, investments to support growth for new franchises and greater amortisation of intangible assets
of € 26.2 million. Operating income was € 437.3 million, down 10.8% compared to the previous year. In
addition to the charges arising from the fair value adjustment of the acquired EUSA Pharma inventory,
operating income reflects € 48.9 million of non‐recurring costs, of which around € 20.3 million related to the
acquisition of EUSA Pharma, and approximately € 23.5 million for actions to improve the efficiency of the
sales force in the Specialty & Primary Care segment, mainly in Italy, Germany and France, with an impact on
around 170 FTE.

EBITDA, equal to € 672.8 million, rose by 11.7% compared to 2021, with a ratio to revenue of 36.3%, reflecting
solid growth and the benefit of initiatives implemented to support profits. As already mentioned, the strong
EBITDA performance absorbs an adverse impact from the application of IAS 29 in Türkiye of approximately €
7 million and reflects the consolidation of EUSA Pharma.

Net income of € 312.3 million fell by 19.1% compared to 2021. Very positive trends in the Group’s operating
results were affected by significant non‐recurring costs, adjustments in compliance with IFRS 3, mainly due
to the acquisition of EUSA Pharma and the costs of the organisational restructuring of the Specialty & Primary
Care segment to improve efficiency, as well as the greater impact of financial charges, which in the fourth
quarter absorbed the greater part of exchange losses suffered during the first half of 2022. Also note that
net income in 2021 benefited from non‐recurring tax income of € 27.8 million.

Adjusted net income was € 473.3 million, up 11.5% compared to 2021, at 25.5% of revenue.

Free cash flow, operating cash flow excluding financing items, milestones, dividends and purchases of
treasury shares net of proceeds from the exercise of stock options, came to € 439.0 million, over 90% of
adjusted net income, down by € 30.9 million compared to 2021. This result absorbed non‐recurring costs
incurred during the year and the increase in working capital (in particular, inventories) deriving from business
growth, in contrast to a reduction in working capital in 2021.

The net financial position at 31 December 2022 recorded net debt of € 1,419.9 million compared to net debt
of € 736.5 million at 31 December 2021. The significant increase is mainly attributable to the cash‐out of €
707.0 million to acquire EUSA Pharma, which was completed on 16 March 2022, and to the acquired net debt
of € 28.4 million. During the year € 35.0 million was paid to Tolmar International Ltd. related to the
development of a new device to make administration of Eligard® easier, 24.0 million US dollars to Novartis,
of which 14 million in the context of the agreements for the transfer of the assets related to Signifor® LAR
microparticle production phase, € 7.5 million in the context of the licence agreements with Helsinn for
Ledaga®. Additionally, on 21 December 2022, acquisition of the brand Telefil® (tadalafil) was completed, as
well as authorisation to sell it on the Italian market, with an amount paid of € 19.6 million. Treasury shares
were purchased for € 38.6 million, net of sales proceeds from exercising stock options, and dividends were
paid for € 230.6 million.

Thanks to robust operating results and strong cash generation, the ratio of Group net debt to EBITDA at 31
December is slightly higher than 2, down compared to the 2.4 recorded immediately after the acquisition of
EUSA Pharma.


                                                                                                                  34
                                                                       2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




Shareholders’ equity was € 1,546.2 million.

In addition to the rapid integration of EUSA Pharma within the Recordati Rare Diseases organisation, various
other benchmarks were reached in 2022 which establish the foundation for the Group’s continued growth in
the future:
     - Agreement for Isturisa® reimbursement reached with the authorities in Italy and France (after
         Germany and Spain).
     - Submission of the request for approval of a new device for easier administration of Eligard®, with
         approval of the variation from the Reference Member State (Germany) and consequent start of
         national implementation stages.
     - Identification of new and promising opportunities for life‐cycle management within the current
         portfolio.




                                                                                                         35
                                                                       2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




Review of Operations
The Group’s primary business involves the production and marketing
of specialty medicines, which are divided into two categories: Specialty
and Primary Care medicines and treatments for rare diseases
(Recordati Rare Diseases).
Business also includes Pharmaceutical Chemicals, where Recordati
produces a number of active ingredients and intermediates for internal
use and for other pharmaceutical industries.

The Group’s pharmaceutical business, which represents 97.4% of total business, includes two segments:
Specialty and Primary Care medicines and treatments for rare diseases (Recordati Rare Diseases). Business is
conducted through our subsidiaries in Europe, Russia, Türkiye, North Africa, the United States of America,
Canada, Mexico, certain South American countries, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, China and South Korea
and, in the rest of the world, based on licensing agreements with leading pharmaceutical companies.

Consolidated revenue in 2022 was € 1,853.3 million, up by 17.3% compared to the previous year, and includes
€ 136.0 million in revenue from the rare oncology product portfolio. The trend in revenue reflects robust
performance from Specialty & Primary Care products (which also benefited from the recovery of the main
products from the effects of the COVID‐19 pandemic, particularly significant for seasonal flu products) and
the continued growth in the portfolio of products for the treatment of rare diseases.




                                                                                                         36
                                                                  2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



BREAKDOWN OF REVENUE




                                    Eligard® 5.6%
                                                            Other corporate products 10.3%
               Seloken®/Logimax® 5.3%

                     Livazo® 2.4%
                 Urorec® 3.3%

            Zanipress® 2.0%

             Zanidip® 7.0%
                                                                               Drugs for rare diseases
 Pharmaceutical chemicals 2.6%                                                 32.1%

        Other revenue 0.4%


  Local product portfolios 12.8%




                                                OTC 16.2%




                                                                                                         37
                                                                                                   2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




Pharmaceuticals
BREAKDOWN OF PHARMACEUTICAL SALES BY TREATMENT AREA IN 2022:

CORPORATE PRODUCTS


                                                                                              Digestive tract and metabolism 20.7%


                   Cardiovascular 22.6


                                                                                                                Genito‐urinary tract 6.9%

             Miscellaneous 0.6%
   Anti‐infectives for systemic                                                                                  Respiratory system 6.0%
                      use 0.5%
            Dermatology 1.3%

                 Antineoplastic 14.3%                                                                          Musculoskeletal system 4.5%

                                                                                                 Anti‐Growth hormones 11.0%
                               Sensory organs 4.0%
                                Central nervous system 3.4%                        Blood and blood forming organs 4.2%

The performance of products sold directly in more than one market (corporate products) during 2022 is
shown in the table below.

€ (thousands)                                                                          2022              2021             Changes            %
                                                                                                                        2022/2021
Zanidip® (lercanidipine)                                                           130,521           136,736               (6,215)      (4.5)
Zanipress® (lercanidipine+enalapril)                                                37,486            41,188               (3,702)      (9.0)
Urorec® (silodosin)                                                                 60,702            60,685                    17        0.0
Livazo® (pitavastatin)                                                              44,073            42,761                 1,312        3.1
Seloken®/Seloken® ZOK/Logimax® (metoprolol/metoprolol
+ felodipine)                                                                       97,806            98,057                 (251)      (0.3)
Eligard® (leuprorelin acetate)                                                     104,081            85,268                18,813      22.1
Other corporate products*                                                          313,493           286,078                27,415        9.6
Drugs for rare diseases                                                            595,785           383,852               211,933      55.2
* Include corporate OTC products for a total of € 124.7 million in 2022 and € 115.5 million in 2021 (+7.9%).



Zanidip® (lercanidipine)
is an anti‐hypertensive calcium channel blocker discovered and developed entirely in the Recordati research
laboratories and is currently available in more than 60 countries. Lercanidipine is effective in gradually
lowering blood pressure values to optimal levels, preventing episodes of reflex tachycardia and reducing the
risk of cardiovascular events and their related mortality. Its lipophilicity and high selectivity are properties


                                                                                                                                             38
                                                                           2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



that make lercanidipine effective with a superior tolerability profile. It protects the kidneys and the
endothelium of blood vessels. Thanks to this organ protection characteristic and its metabolic neutrality,
lercanidipine is well tolerated by patients suffering from other diseases such as diabetes and nephropathy.
Our lercanidipine‐based products are sold directly to the market by our marketing organizations in Western,
Central and ‐Eastern Europe, Türkiye and North Africa. They are sold by our licensees in some countries and
on the basis of co‐marketing agreements in some of the aforementioned countries.

€ (thousands)                                     2022              2021               Changes               %
                                                                                     2022/2021
Direct sales                                     74,175           71,790                  2,385            3.3
Sales to licensees                               56,345           64,946                 (8,601)         (13.2)

Total lercanidipine sales                      130,520           136,736                 (6,216)          (4.5)

Direct sales of lercanidipine products rose by 3.3% compared to 2021, mainly thanks to growth in the United
Kingdom, Germany and Portugal and partially offset by the decreasein Türkiye due to the exchange rate
effect and the reduction in prices due to competition from generic products. Sales to licensees, representing
43.2% of the total, were down by 13.2% due to lower shipments to our distributor in China.


Zanipress® (lercanidipine+enalapril)
is a drug developed by Recordati to treat hypertension. It associates lercanidipine, a latest‐generation
calcium channel blocker, with enalapril, a widely prescribed ACE inhibitor, allowing the simultaneous
administration of two active ingredients and increasing treatment compliance by the patient. Combination
therapy is considered a first‐line treatment for hypertensive patients at high risk for cardiovascular events.
The benefits of the combination of these two active ingredients have been confirmed by the results of a
number of clinical trials which have shown its significant antihypertensive efficacy, excellent tolerability in
addition to renal and vascular protection from the damage caused by hypertension. This product is
successfully marketed directly by Recordati or by its licensees in 58 countries.

€ (thousands)                                      2022                2021              Changes             %
                                                                                       2022/2021
Direct sales                                     33,686              36,107                (2,421)        (6.7)
Sales to licensees                                3,800               5,081                (1,281)       (25.2)

Total lercanidipine+enalapril sales              37,486              41,188                (3,702)        (9.0)

in 2022, direct sales of Zanipress® fell by 6.7%, mainly due to lower sales volume in Italy and a price
adjustment in Germany. Sales to licensees represented 10.1% of the total and fell by 25.2% due to lower
sales volumes in Israel, Austria, Portugal and Italy.


Urorec® (silodosin)
is a drug indicated for the treatment of the symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH, enlargement of
the prostate). BPH manifests with problems linked to urination. It frequently occurs in men over the age of
fifty, and its symptoms significantly reduce quality of life. This disorder is becoming more prevalent with the
ageing of the population. Clinical evidence shows that patients receiving silodosin benefited from a significant
reduction in symptoms associated with BPH and an improvement in quality of life within the first week of
treatment. Symptom improvement is maintained during long‐term treatment. A recent study (Fusco et al,
2020), found that silodosin improves symptoms and quality of life in patients with severe lower urinary tract
symptoms related to benign prostatic obstruction.


                                                                                                             39
                                                                         2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



The safety and tolerability of silodosin has been widely assessed with positive results. The low incidence of
orthostatic and vasodilatory side effects makes it a well‐tolerated treatment, even in patients taking
antihypertensive medication. Silodosin was originally developed by Kissei Pharmaceutical Co. (Japan) and
was obtained under license by Recordati for development and marketing in Europe and a further 5 countries
in the Middle East and Africa. Currently, the product is successfully marketed in 47 countries, including
France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Portugal, CIS countries, Tunisia, Türkiye and Switzerland. Silodosin‐based
products are sold directly by our subsidiaries under the Urorec® brand and by our licensees under the
Silodyx™ brand.
Sales in 2022 came to € 60.7 million, substantially in line with the figures the previous year.


Livazo® (pitavastatin)
is a latest‐generation statin indicated for the treatment of dyslipidemia, a condition characterized by altered
levels of blood cholesterol and other lipids and associated with an increased risk for heart disease and
strokes. Controlled clinical trials have shown that pitavastatin induces a reduction in LDL‐cholesterol (the
“bad” cholesterol that contributes to formation of atherosclerotic plaques) and an increase in HDL‐
cholesterol (the “good” cholesterol that is removed from the arterial walls). This dual effect is highly
significant because it has shown that the risk for cardiovascular complications can be reduced further in this
way. Furthermore, pitavastatin presents an excellent safety profile due to the lower risk of drug‐drug
interactions compared to most other statins. Based on these findings, pitavastatin is regarded as an effective
and safe treatment for dyslipidemia. Pitavastatin was licensed by Recordati from the Japanese
pharmaceutical company Kowa for the European market, Russia and the other CIS countries and Türkiye. The
drug is sold by our marketing organizations in Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Greece, Russia, Ukraine, other CIS
countries and Türkiye.
Sales in 2022 came to € 44.1 million, up by 3.1%, thanks to higher volume, especially in Russia, Portugal and
Switzerland.


Seloken®, Seloken® ZOK (metoprolol) and Logimax® (metoprolol + felodipine)
are metoprolol‐based medicines belonging to the beta blocker class of drugs that are widely used in the
treatment of angina pectoris, myocardial infarction and cardiac rhythm disorders, as well as hypertension
and functional heart disorders. Logimax® is a fixed association of metoprolol with felodipine which, over the
years, has shown high antihypertensive efficacy. The use of metoprolol together with felodipine reduces
possible episodes of reflex tachycardia induced by the calcium channel blocker, while felodipine associated
with metoprolol facilitates vasodilation by reducing peripheral vascular resistance. These drugs have been
widely studied in large and important clinical trials and are frequently used in primary care and by
cardiologists to treat cardiac disorders and hypertension. Long‐term mortality studies (Seloken®/Seloken®
ZOK Core Data Sheet) have shown that the use of metoprolol reduces the rates of general mortality,
cardiovascular mortality, sudden death and the progression of heart failure.
The European marketing rights for Seloken®/ Seloken® ZOK (metoprolol) and Logimax® (metoprolol +
felodipine) were acquired from AstraZeneca in 2017. The products are sold directly in 36 countries and
through distribution agreements in other European countries.
Sales in 2022 came to € 97.8 million, substantially in line with 2021.


Eligard® (leuprorelin acetate)
is a depot formulation for subcutaneous injection, indicated for palliative treatment of advanced hormone‐
dependent prostate cancer (PCa) and localised hormone‐dependent prostate cancer, and locally advanced
high risk, combined with radiotherapy. It combines the active ingredient leuprorelin acetate with a
biodegradable polymer matrix release system (Atrigel®) and is available in a 1‐month (7.5 mg), 3‐month (22.5
mg) and 6‐month (45 mg) formulation. Eligard® provides a standard and consistent administration of
leuprorelin over time, with significant and long‐lasting testosterone suppression (≤ 20 ng/dL), thus improving


                                                                                                            40
                                                                          2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



patient outcomes, like the response time and survival rate free of any progression, with a favorable tolerance
profile. The extended interval between injections, the low volume of the injection itself and the short needle
are additional advantages to this leuprorelin depot formulation.
Developed by the American pharmaceutical company Tolmar and previously licensed to Astellas, Eligard®
now represents a consolidated product, distributed by Recordati since January 2021 in 30 countries in
Europe, North Africa and the CIS countries.
A new device, consisting of two pre‐connected syringes, developed by Tolmar, was approved at the European
level in 2022 and will be marketed in 2023, further improving the positioning of Eligard® for the treatment
of hormone‐dependent prostate cancer.
Revenue for Eligard® in 2022 was € 104.1 million, up by 22.1% compared to the same period of the previous
year. This increase was in part due to the different marketing method: while in 2022 revenue was almost all
derived from direct sales made by Recordati, in the first half of 2021 it was mainly made up of the transfer
to Recordati of gross profit, made by the previous licensee Astellas. On a like for like basis, Eligard® revenue
would be up compared to the previous year by € 7.8 million (+8.1%), demonstrating that Recordati’s
promotional activities have effectively stopped the negative trend in sales over recent years with a return to
growth in Spain, France, Portugal and Italy.


OTHER CORPORATE PRODUCTS
include specialties from Recordati’s original research, the acquisition of product rights for various markets
and through license agreements for multiple territories. The paragraphs below describe their characteristics
and the sales generated.
       Procto‐Glyvenol® (tribenoside), leader in its class, is a tribenoside‐based over‐the‐counter drug,
        indicated for the treatment of internal and external haemorrhoids. Recordati markets it in the
        following countries: Russia, Poland, Türkiye, Romania, Ukraine, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Portugal,
        Baltic countries and Cyprus. Sales for this product in 2022 were at € 34.2 million, down by 5.9%,
        mainly due to lower sales volumes in Poland and Türkiye.
       Polydexa®, Isofra® and Otofa® are combination products for the treatment of ear, nose and throat
        infections, sold in North Africa, sub‐Saharan Africa, Russia and the CIS countries. In 2022, sales of
        Polydexa® were at € 35.1 million, Isofra® at € 17.7 million, and Otofa® generated sales of € 3.5 million.
        Overall, sales rose by 32.3% compared to 2021, mainly due to the strong recovery of seasonal flu
        illnesses in Russia.
       Tergynan® is a fixed combination of different active ingredients with antimicrobial, anti‐
        inflammatory, antiprotozoal and antimycotic activity for the treatment and prevention of
        gynecological infections. Tergynan® is a leading brand in the class of anti‐infective and antiseptic
        gynecological medicines in the countries where it is marketed, in particular, in Russia, in other
        countries in the Commonwealth of Independent States, in Ukraine, Mongolia, Romania and Vietnam.
        Total sales for 2022 were at € 19.8 million, down by 10.8%, with most of the sales for this product in
        Russia.
       CitraFleet® and Phosphosoda® are bowel cleansers indicated for use prior to any diagnostic
        procedure which requires cleaning out the intestines, such as a colonoscopy or X‐rays. Phosphosoda®
        is an effective osmotic bowel cleanser with over 20 years of clinical experience, available in 39
        countries. CitraFleet®, on the market since 2004, offers a double mechanism (osmotic + stimulant)
        and is one of the best tolerated products in its class, improving patient compliance thanks to its lower
        volume and good taste. It is available in 34 countries and occupies primary market positions in
        various countries, including Spain. In 2022, sales of CitraFleet® and Phosphosoda® totalled € 35.9
        million, up by 13.4% compared to 2021, which continued to suffer from a slowdown in endoscopic
        procedures following the halt caused by the COVID‐19 emergency.
       Lomexin® (fenticonazole), an original Recordati product, is an internationally and widely used broad‐
        spectrum antimycotic indicated for the treatment of gynecological and dermatological infections


                                                                                                              41
                                                                    2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



    caused by fungi, mould, yeast and gram‐positive bacteria. The brand recently obtained OTC status
    and was successfully relaunched in various EU countries, providing patients with a new easily
    accessible self‐medication option. Sales of Lomexin® in 2022 were at € 19.3 million, down by 3.0%
    compared to the previous year, mainly due to the depreciation of the exchange rate on sales in
    Türkiye.
   The Hexa line of products comprises biclotymol‐based antibacterial treatments for the oral cavity,
    which are in high demand, especially in France and North Africa, Russia, the Community of
    Independent States (CIS), Ukraine and Mongolia.
    The line’s main brand is Hexaspray®, a throat spray and leader in its class in France. Overall, this
    product line saw sales of € 18.2 million in 2022, up by 40.6%, mainly thanks to higher sales in France
    after a strong recovery in seasonal flu illnesses and low inventories for competitor businesses.
   The most significant self‐medication and supplements include Magnesio Supremo®, marketed in
    Italy, with sales at € 21.7 million, up by 17.1%, and the product lines under license from BioGaia
    (which include lactobacillus reuteri protectis supplements and the Reuflor® brand in Italy and the
    Casenbiotic®, Bioralsuero®, Reuteri® and Gastrus® brands in Spain and Portugal), which grew by
    18.1% compared to the previous year, with sales at € 28.1 million.
   Reagila® (cariprazine) is a new drug for the treatment of schizophrenia, a third‐generation
    antipsychotic, which, thanks to its specific pharmacological nature, can be considered unique in the
    panorama of this therapeutic class. It not only acts on the “positive” symptoms of the disease, such
    as delirium, hallucinations, thought dissociation, etc., but also on the “negative” component such as
    apathy, anhedonia and antisocial behaviour. Cariprazine has the added advantage of reducing
    neurological and metabolic side effects and has a low cardiovascular impact. Extending the treatment
    spectrum for schizophrenia has a positive effect on the functional recovery of patients. It comes in a
    once daily administration form, with a long half‐life. Its clinical efficacy has been demonstrated in
    numerous clinical studies involving more than 2,000 patients, and testing is currently under way in
    the adolescent population. Reagila® was originated by Gedeon Richter and is under license to
    Recordati in Western Europe. The product was launched in Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Benelux, the
    United Kingdom, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Spain, Portugal and Ireland. Sales in 2022 totalled €
    20.3 million, with 33.2% growth compared to 2021, mainly thanks to higher sales volumes in Spain.
   TransAct® LAT, a transdermal patch containing 40 mg of flurbiprofen, a non‐steroidal anti‐
    inflammatory drug (NSAID), is indicated for the symptomatic relief of localized pain involving the
    musculoskeletal system, obtained under license from Advanz Pharma (formerly Amdipharm) and
    sold in Italy and Portugal. Sales of this product in 2022 totalled € 11.3 million (‐2.4%).
   Other corporate products achieved total sales of € 36.3 million, up by 1.8% compared to 2021. These
    include flavoxate (sold under the names Genurin® and Urispas®), Lopresor® (metoprolol), Lacdigest®
    (tilactase), rupatadine (sold in Italy and Germany under the Rupafin® brand and in France as
    Wystamm®), Abufene® and Muvagyn®, Vitaros®/Virirec® (alprostadil) and Fortacin®
    (lidocaine+prilocaine).




                                                                                                       42
                                                                           2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




TREATMENTS OF RARE DISEASES
Rare diseases bring great suffering to millions of affected people worldwide. They are predominantly genetic
disorders that can affect patients of any age, gender and ethnicity, involving all medical specializations. These
diseases are chronic, fatal or severely debilitating, strongly impacting patients, their families and society as a
whole. In most cases, they affect newborns, children and young adults.
An orphan drug is a medicinal product specifically developed to treat a rare disease. According to the
European definition, a rare disease is defined as one that affects fewer than five in 10,000 people or, based
on the American definition, fewer than 200,000 people in the United States of America. Over 30 million
people are affected in Europe alone. There are currently over 7,000 known rare diseases, but approved
treatment only exists today for less than 10% of them.
Due to the extensive range of existing diseases and scarce available information, a specialist or general
practitioner may never come across a patient affected by a rare disease in their entire career. This always
poses the risk that when a baby is born with a rare disease, it may not be correctly diagnosed and provided
with timely and appropriate treatment. The limited number of patients and sparse relevant knowledge and
expertise are specific characteristics of rare diseases. Governments have introduced legal and financial
incentives to provide treatment to people affected by rare diseases and encourage pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies to invest in these treatments. The Orphan Drug Act was approved in the USA in
1983. In 1999, European legislation explicitly recognised the need to identify targeted treatments for these
conditions and introduced specific regulatory processes and incentives to develop orphan drugs. The
designation as “orphan drug” in Europe provides exclusivity on the marketing of the designated indication
for 10 years from the time the drug is approved. Since April 2000, when the EU orphan drug regulation came
into effect, many hundreds of drugs have been designated as orphan drugs by the European Medicines
Agency (EMA). Of these designated drugs, over 150 have received marketing authorization (MA). The orphan
medicines, 40% have been authorized for the treatment of oncological and hematological conditions and
about 30% for the treatment of rare genetic metabolic disorders. More recently, there has been an increase
in international research investments by different funding bodies to boost the number of authorized
treatments.
The Recordati group operates in the rare disease segment worldwide through Recordati Rare Diseases, its
group of subsidiaries entirely dedicated to the research, development and marketing of medicines for the
treatment of rare diseases which share the conviction that every person with a rare disease has the right to
the best possible treatment. The Group’s business is mainly in three treatment areas: metabolic process
dysfunctions (after the acquisition of Orphan Europe and the portfolio of Lundbeck products in the United
States), endocrinology (following the 2019 acquisition of the products Signifor® and Isturisa® from Novartis)
and oncology (following the 2022 acquisition of EUSA Pharma).
Our organizations work closely with specialists, health care professionals, patients, their families and
associations to spread knowledge, improve diagnosis and treatment, and enable access to treatment by
supporting patients. Recordati Rare Diseases operates directly in Europe, Russia, the Middle East and North
Africa, the USA, Canada, Mexico, Colombia, Brazil, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, China and South Korea, as
well as through selected partners in a number of other countries, covering 88 countries worldwide. It has
developed a global presence through its network of subsidiaries and highly qualified distributors. Recordati
also has a facility in Nanterre (Paris, France) dedicated to packaging and storing these drugs and shipping
them to various countries. This direct distribution and packaging system effectively guarantees the rapid
availability of these specialties around the world, in ad hoc quantities and packaging.
A significant commitment is continually being made to enhance and extend the product portfolio for rare
diseases, both with molecule development programs in the pipeline, and by acquiring late‐stage‐
development or already marketed compounds. Work is also continuing on the life cycle management of the
compounds currently sold and, specifically, on formulation improvement projects.


                                                                                                               43
                                                                           2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



In 2022, sales of products for the treatment of rare diseases were at € 595.8 million, up by 55.2% compared
to the previous year, currently almost a third of total Group sales.
The main products within the rare diseases sector, in the metabolic and other treatment areas, excluding
endocrinology and oncology, are found in the table below and contributed a total of € 287.9 million to
revenue in 2022, compared to € 257.2 million in 2021:


Name                     Active Ingredient              Indication

CARBAGLU®                carglumic acid                 Treatment of hyperammonemia due to N‐acetylglutamate
                                                        synthase deficiency (NAGS deficiency) and some organic
                                                        acidaemias (isovaleric acidaemia, methylmalonic acidaemia
                                                        and propionic acidaemia)
NORMOSANG®               human hemin                    Treatment of acute attacks of hepatic porphyria
PANHEMATIN®
CYSTADANE®               betaine anhydrous              Treatment of homocystinuria
              ®          cysteamine hydrochloride       Treatment of the ocular manifestations of cystinosis
CYSTADROPS
JUXTAPID®                lomitapide                     Treatment of homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia
                                                        (HoFH)
CYSTAGON®                cysteamine bitartrate          Treatment of nephropathic cystinosis
LEDAGA®                  chlormethine hydrochloride     Treatment of mycosis fungoides (MF), T‐cell cutaneous
                                                        lymphoma (CTCL)
PEDEA®                   IV ibuprofene                  Treatment of patent ductus arteriosus (PDA)
NEOPROFEN®



Carbaglu® (carglumic acid)
This product is an orphan drug approved in the European Union by the European Commission and in the U.S.
by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of hyperammonemia due to N‐Acetyl
Glutamate Synthase (NAGS) deficiency. NAGS deficiency is an extremely rare inherited metabolic disorder
affecting the urea cycle which leads to accumulation of ammonia in the blood.
If not adequately and quickly treated, NAGS‐D can cause irreversible brain damage, coma, and eventually
death. Carbaglu® provides specific treatment for this genetic disorder, treating the patient’s lifelong disorder.
In 2011, Carbaglu® obtained approval in the European Union to extend its indications to treat
hyperammonemia due to the three main organic acidemias (OAs): isovaleric acidemia, methylmalonic
acidemia and propionic acidemia. In 2014, Carbaglu® was granted Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) by the
FDA for its use in the treatment of OA. Regulatory approval was obtained in Canada in 2020, and in January
2021, the FDA in the United States gave its approval for propionic and methylmalonic acidemia.

Juxtapid® (lomitapide) is a microsomial protein inhibitor for transferring N‐triglycerides. It was approved by
the Japanese Ministry of Health in September 2016 on an exclusive marketing basis because it is an “orphan”
product, to treat patients affects by homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia. Homozygous familial
hypercholesterolemia is a serious genetic disease that inhibits the functioning of the receptor responsible for
removing LDL (“bad”) cholesterol from the body. This failed functioning of the LDL receptor causes a sharp
rise in blood cholesterol levels. Patients affected by this condition tend to develop premature and progressive
atherosclerosis (narrowing and blockage of the arteries).

Cystadrops® are the first cysteamine‐based eye drops, administered four times a day. These were approved
in the European Union in 2017 and in the USA in 2020 for the treatment of the ocular manifestations of
cystinosis in adults and children from 2 years of age. Cystadrops® were designated an orphan drug by the


                                                                                                                44
                                                                           2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



European Commission with effect from November 2008. Cystinosis is a rare and very serious congenital
condition that could be fatal. Cystinosis is characterized by a cystine crystal build‐up, causing damage to all
the organs in the body, especially the kidneys and eyes. The cystine crystal deposits begin in the cornea,
progressively causing hypersensitivity to the light (photophobia), a deterioration to the surface of the cornea
(keratopathy) and blindness. Systematic treatment with orally administered cysteamine benefits patients
suffering from cystinosis. Nonetheless, orally administered cysteamine does not adequately resolve ocular
manifestations of cystinosis due to the absence of corneal vascularization. If adequate and ongoing topical
ocular treatment is not received, the cystine crystals build up in the cornea with serious ophthalmic
consequences, which could lead to blindness over time.

Panhematin®/Normosang® (human hemin) is a drug for the treatment of acute attacks of hepatic
porphyria. Porphyria are rare genetic diseases, which present with acute and often painful crises, requiring
immediate medical attention. Panhematin®/Normosang® is therefore an emergency treatment drug, and is
recognized as the treatment of choice to reduce the crisis and prevent possible neuropathic complications.
The product was approved under the Normosang® brand in Europe, and Panhematin® brand in the United
States of America.

The main products for rare endocrine conditions are listed in the table below and contributed € 171.9 million
to revenue in 2022, up by 35.8% compared to the previous year, within which Signifor® at € 90.6 million and
Isturisa® at € 81.3 million:


Name                      Active Ingredient              Indication

SIGNIFOR®                 pasireotide                    Treatment of Cushing’s disease and acromegaly
and SIGNIFOR® LAR
ISTURISA®                 osilodrostat                   Treatment of Cushing’s disease (United States of America,
                                                         Japan) and Cushing’s syndrome (European Union,
                                                         Switzerland).


Within Cushing’s syndrome (CS), Cushing’s disease (CD) is a severe endocrine disease caused by a pituitary
adenoma, an enlargement in the pituitary gland which results in over‐production of cortisol by the adrenal
glands. Other causes of endogenous Cushing’s syndrome include rarer conditions such as adrenal adenoma,
ectopic corticotropin syndrome and ACTH independent macronodular adrenal hyperplasia. This condition is
associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Acromegaly is caused by an overexposure to growth
hormone, which leads to the production of insulin‐like growth factor‐1. The most common cause of
acromegaly is a pituitary adenoma.
Signifor® contains the active substance pasireotide, a somatostatin analogue. The human body naturally
produces somatostatin, which blocks the production and release of certain hormones, including ACTH.
Pasireotide works in a very similar way to somatostatin. Signifor® is thus able to block the production of
ACTH, helping to control the overproduction of cortisol and improve the symptoms of Cushing’s disease.
Isturisa® is an innovative drug for the oral treatment of endogenous Cushing’s syndrome. The relevant
marketing authorization was granted by the European Commission in January 2020 and approval was
obtained in the U.S.A. in March 2020.
The active substance in Isturisa® is osilodrostat, a cortisol synthesis inhibitor. Osilodrostat works by inhibiting
11‐beta‐hydroxylase, an enzyme responsible for the final step of cortisol biosynthesis in the adrenal gland.
The benefits of Isturisa® are its ability to control or normalise cortisol levels in adult CS patients with a
manageable safety profile, making this product a valuable treatment option for patients with Cushing’s
syndrome.


                                                                                                                45
                                                                            2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



Isturisa® was launched in the United States, France and Germany in 2020. Geographic expansion continued
into other European markets in 2021. In March 2021, the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare
approved Isturisa® for the treatment of patients with endogenous Cushing’s syndrome, when pituitary
surgery is not an option or has not been curative. The product was also successfully launched in Japan.
In order to manage this new and promising endocrinology product range, the Recordati Group established
the Recordati AG Rare Diseases Branch in Basel (Switzerland), which also deal with the marketing of the
product Ledaga®.


The main products in the rare cancer segment, acquired after the acquisition of EUSA Pharma was finalised
in March 2022, after approval from the regulatory authorities, are found in the table below and contributed
€ 136.0 million to revenue in 2022:


Name                     Active Ingredient               Indication

QARZIBA®                 dinutuximab beta, anti‐GD2      Treatment for high‐risk neuroblastoma in patients aged 12
                         monoclonal antibody             months or older, with at least partial response to
                                                         chemotherapy induction, followed by myeloablative
                                                         therapy and stem cell transplant
SYLVANT®                 siltuximab, anti‐IL‐6           Treatment for idiopathic Multicentric Castleman’s Disease
                         monoclonal antibody             (iMCD) in the adult population
FOTIVDA®                 tivozanib, highly selective oral First‐line treatment for advanced renal cell carcinoma
                         inhibitor of tyrosine kinase (TKI) (RCC).
                         for vascular endothelial growth
                         factor (VEGF) receptors 1, 2 and
                         3
CAPHOSOL                 mouthwash with                  Prescription medical device for treatment of oral mucositis
                         supersaturated electrolytic     due to chemo and radiation therapy
                         solution of phosphate and
                         calcium ions



Qarziba® (dinutuximab beta) is an anti‐ganglioside‐D2 (GD2) monoclonal antibody approved and sold for the
treatment of high‐risk neuroblastoma in patients aged 12 months or older who have undergone
chemotherapy induction, with at least partial response, followed by myeloablative therapy and stem cell
transplant and in patients with a clinical history of recurrent or refractory neuroblastoma. Qarziba is
approved in the European Union, United Kingdom, Australia, Brazil, China, Hong Kong, Israel, Russia and
Taiwan and distributed in other areas globally through Managed Access Programs. Neuroblastoma is a rare
type of cancer originating in the nervous system. It is the most common form of solid extra‐cranial tumours
diagnose in patients under 15, representing around 7% of paediatric tumours. Approximately 50% of these
patients receive a diagnosis of high‐risk neuroblastoma, the type with the worst prognosis. Used as
maintenance therapy, Qarziba has shown a significant increase in total survival at 5 years.


Sylvant® (siltuximab) is a mAb anti‐interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) granted through a license and marketed by EUSA
Pharma (UK) Ltd. to treat idiopathic Multicentric Castleman’s Disease (iMCD). Supplied globally, it is approved
in over 40 countries, including the European Union, USA and China.
Castleman’s Disease is a rare disease that affects the lymphatic system. Multicentric Castleman’s Disease is
a subtype. Idiopathic Multicentric Castleman’s Disease (iMCD) is a type of Multicentric Castleman’s Disease
for which the cause is unknown. Only 3 or 4 people out of every 1 million in the general population are


                                                                                                                   46
                                                                         2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



diagnosed with iMCD each year. It can affect anyone, male, female, adult or child, but most people with iMCD
are 45 or older. Sylvant® is the only IL‐6 targeted therapy approved and recommended for iMCD, with the
aim to support a durable tumour and symptomatic response.


Fotivda® (tivozanib) is a VEFG 1, 2 and 3 (small TKI molecule) blocker licensed and marketed by EUSA Pharma
(UK) Ltd. for first‐line treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (aRCC). Fotivda is supplied in Europe, Asia
and Oceania, Africa and Latin America.
Renal cell cancer (also known as kidney cancer and renal cell adenocarcinoma) is a disease in which malignant
cells (cancer) are found in the lining of tubules (very small tubes) in the kidney. Renal cancer represents,
respectively, 5% and 3% of all newly diagnosed tumours in men and women. Over 90% of renal tumours are
renal cell carcinoma (RRC). RCC is one of the 10 most common tumours globally. Fotivda is intended to
support survival in patients free of progression.

Caphosol® (electrolytic calcium phosphate solution) is available in ampules or in dispersible form. It is
licensed and marketed by EUSA Pharma (UK) Ltd. for the treatment and prevention of oral mucositis, a
complication due to cancer treatments (including radiation and chemotherapy). It is supplied globally and
approved in China, European Union, United Kingdom and the USA.
Oral mucositis is diagnosed when the mouth is painful and inflamed. It is a common side effect of
chemotherapy and radiation for cancer.




                                                                                                            47
                                                                                         2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




PHARMACEUTICAL SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA
Pharmaceutical sales by geographic area for the different Recordati subsidiaries (including those dedicated
to rare disease treatments) are listed in the table and graph below:
€ (thousands)                                                                2022               2021            Changes        %
                                                                                                              2022/2021
Italy                                                                     272,719           258,244              14,475       5.6
France                                                                    169,098           151,688              17,410      11.5
Germany                                                                   167,615           152,868              14,747       9.6
Russia, other C.I.S. countries and Ukraine                                131,677            99,595              32,082      32.2
U.S.A.                                                                    260,455           176,903              83,552      47.2
Spain                                                                     142,630           120,034              22,596      18.8
Türkiye                                                                    74,343            70,307               4,036       5.7
Portugal                                                                   53,465            45,432               8,033      17.7
Other C.E.E. countries                                                    128,825           112,048              16,777      15.0
Other Western European countries                                          136,695           104,357              32,338      31.0
North Africa                                                               37,664            35,902               1,762       4.9
Other international sales                                                 229,246           204,214              25,032      12.3

Total pharmaceutical revenue                                             1,804,432        1,531,592             272,840      17.8
Net revenue includes the sales of products and various revenue.


BREAKDOWN OF PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTS PER GEOGRAPHIC AREA IN 2022:

                                                        USA 14.4%
                                                                               Russia & CIS 7.3%

                                       Germany 9.3%                                  Other W. Europe 7.1%


                                                                                          Other CEE 7.6%
                                       France 9.4%

                                                                                         Spain 7.9%

                                                                                        Türkiye 4.1%
                                            Italy 15.1%                            Portugal 3.0%
                                                                               North Africa 2.1%
                                       Other international sales 12.7%


Sales in countries affected by currency exchange fluctuations are shown below in their relative local
currencies.

local currency (thousands)                                                       2022                  2021        Changes     %
                                                                                                                 2022/2021
Russia (RUB)                                                                7,330,094           6,338,805          991,289   15.6
Türkiye (TRY)                                                               1,295,492              690,289         605,203   87.7
United States of America (USD)                                                274,271              209,230          65,041   31.1
Net revenue in Russia excludes sales of rare disease products.




                                                                                                                               48
                                                                         2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



ITALY
The Recordati group offers a wide range of treatment options in Italy through Recordati S.p.A., Innova
Pharma S.p.A., Recordati Rare Diseases Italy S.r.l., EUSA Pharma (Italy) S.r.l., Italchimici S.p.A. and Natural
Point S.r.l. It has an established presence in the cardiovascular field, with two anti‐hypertensive products
that were fully developed in its research laboratories, Zanedip®/Lercadip® (lercanidipine) and
Zanipril®/Lercaprel® (lercanidipine + enalapril), with two drugs that belong to the beta blocker category,
Cardicor® (bisoprolol), and Seloken® (metoprolol) and Rextat®/Lovinacor® (lovastatin). The Italian product
portfolio also has a consolidated offering primarily in urology, with Urorec® (silodosin), Recoprox®, Fortacin®
and Eligard®, gastroenterology, with Peptazol® (pantoprazole), Reuflor® (lactobacillus reuteri protectis‐
based supplement), Peridon® (domperidone), AroéTM (gastro‐esophagus anti‐reflux), PeridoNatural®,
Casenlax® (macrogol) and Lacdigest®, Lactofree® and Citrafleet® (sodium picosulfate).
In the ENT area (ear, nose throat), Recordati offers Aircort® (budesonide) a corticosteroid based line for the
treatment of asthma in adults and children, and Rupafin® (rupatadine) an anti‐allergy antihistamine. The pain
and inflammation segment offers a non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drug Tora‐Dol® (ketorolac
tromethamine) and Naprosyn® (naproxen), belonging to the non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory/anti‐rheumatic
class (NSAIDs) with an effective treatment action in controlling chronic pain. Reagila® (cariprazine), a new
drug for the treatment of schizophrenia is marketed in the psychiatric area.
Recordati has a broad offering of self‐medications, with products for oral hygiene, eye, nose and throat care
and the gastrointestinal tract. The historic brands include Alovex®, Proctolyn®, Eumill®, Dentosan®,
Imidazyl®, TransAct® LAT, Clismafleet® and Losipaco®. With the acquisition of Natural Point S.r.l. in 2018,
Recordati entered the food supplements market, with the main product Magnesio Supremo®. Recently, its
presence in the magnesium supplements market expanded with 4 new products and by reinforcing the
Magnesio Supremo® brand.
Recordati is also involved in treatments for rare diseases, primarily those of metabolic and endocrinological
origin.
The Italian pharmaceutical production site is situated in Milan, covering a surface area of around 5,000 sq.
m., extending over several floors for a total of 21,000 sq. m. and produces over 60 million packs per year.
The plant specializes in the manufacture and packaging of solid oral forms, liquids, and products for topical
use. Recordati has recently undertaken a restructuring project in certain production areas, including the
installation of a new blister packaging line, which will be added to the 5 that are already operational and
increase production capacity significantly.
Certain corporate products are manufactured at the Milan site (lercanidipine, enalapril + lercanidipine,
silodosin and pitavastatin. In the case of the latter, only packaging is done) for all the markets where this is
sold.
Italian sales of pharmaceutical specialties rose by 5.6% compared to 2021. Prescription products grew 4.8%
due to the recovery of medicines for seasonal flu illnesses and sales of treatments for rare diseases, which
came to € 23.2 million (+5.6%).




                                                                                                             49
                                                                           2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



The performance in the sale of the main products in Italy is as follows:
€ (thousands)        Therapeutic indications                  2022            2021         Changes          %
                                                                                         2022/2021
Cardicor®            heart failure                           32,692          34,461         (1,769)       (5.1)
Zanedip®
/Lercadip®           Hypertension                            16,921          18,208         (1,287)       (7.1)
Urorec®              benign prostatic hyperplasia            17,093          17,768           (675)       (3.8)
Peptazol®            gastric ulcers                          14,646          14,615              31        0.2
Tora‐Dol®            Analgesic                               12,356          12,930           (574)       (4.4)
Aircort®             bronchial asthma                        19,242           9,990           9,252       92.6
Zanipril®/Lercaprel® Hypertension                             8,646           9,792         (1,146)      (11.7)


Self‐medication pharmaceuticals generated sales for € 95.1 million, up by 7.1% on the previous year, thanks
to the recovery in products for gastrointestinal conditions like Reuflor® and Lactdigest Magnesio Supremo®,
a magnesium‐based supplement, with sales of € 21.7 million, and Proctolyn® (hemorrhoid treatment), with
sales of € 9.7 million (+12.7%).
In January 2023, the reimbursement price for Isturisa® was published in the Official Journal, which will allow
for accelerated growth in the rare disease sector.


FRANCE
Laboratoires Bouchara Recordati S.A.S. is solidly established in the French pharmaceutical market thanks to
a number of prescription drugs and a historical presence in the market for self‐medication products, a market
in which Tonipharm S.a.s., acquired at the end of 2018. It markets products covering a wide range of
treatment areas, such as the cardiovascular area with Reselip® (atorvastatin + ezetimibe), Zanextra®
(lercanidipine + enalapril), Logimax® (metoprolol succinate+felodipine), Seloken® (metoprolol tartrate) and
Selozok® (metoprolol succinate), the urology area with Eligard® (leuprorelin acetate), Urorec® (silodosin) and
Leptoprol® (leuprorelin acetate) and the gastroenterology area with Citrafleet® and Colopeg®, Transipeg®
and TransipegLib®.
Methadone, which for almost 25 years has been part of a successful private/public project with the Public
Hospitals of Paris (APHP), is a synthetic opioid analgesic, used as a heroin substitute for withdrawal
symptoms, for opioid detox therapy and in maintenance programs. Highly specialized staff and dedicated
resources underpin the success of the detoxification programs. The benefits of treatment with methadone
are universally recognized. The most important are the decrease in deaths resulting from the use of narcotics,
the reduction in the spread of viral infections (HIV, HCV), reduced health, legal and social costs related to the
use of drugs and improvements in the health and rehabilitation of addicts. A new capsule formulation has
contributed to expanding its use.
Laboratoires Bouchara Recordati has a historical presence in the French OTC market, and in this regard, we
note the Hexa line (Hexaspray®, Hexalyse®, Hexamer® and Haxatoux®), Exomuc® (mucolytic containing N‐
acetylcysteine), including an expansion of the line with the 600 mg formulation, the Ginkor® line, for
haemorrhoids and heavy legs, and the Alodont® line, an oral cavity product.
Recordati Rare Diseases S.à. r.l. and EUSA Pharma (France) S.A.S., both dedicated exclusively to treatments
for rare diseases, are headquartered in France.
The French pharmaceutical production plant is in Saint Victor, covering an area of 6,750 sq. m., and
specializes in the production and packaging of liquid, solid oral and spray formulations for the local market
and for export. The site produces around 29 million packs per year. Certain corporate products are


                                                                                                                50
                                                                         2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



manufactured at the Saint Victor site (Abufene®, Hexaspray® and Hexalise®) for all the markets where they
are sold.
Furthermore, the Group operates a manufacturing site in Nanterre (France), covering 1,600 sq. m., and
entirely dedicated to the secondary packaging, storage and shipping of rare disease products. On short
notice, the site delivers more than 27,000 orders annually to more than 60 countries worldwide thanks to its
highly qualified staff and a modern Good Distribution Practice (GDP) certified logistics platform.
Sales in France totalled € 169.1 million, up by 11.3%, with the main products recording the following
performance:
€ (thousands)           Therapeutic indications                  2022         2021          Changes       %
                                                                                          2022/2021
Methadone               drug addiction                          34,290      34,491            (201)    (0.6)
Ginkor®                ginkgo biloba‐based food                 15,095      13,624            1,471    10.8
                       supplement
Seloken®/Seloken® ZOK/ hypertension,                            10,580      10,769            (189)    (1.8)
Logimax                cardiac disorders
Transipeg®             Laxative                                  7,604        7,882           (278)    (3.5)
Hexa line               oral antibacterial                      11,183        5,950           5,233    87.9
Lercan®/Zanidip®/       hypertension                             4,511        4,814           (303)    (6.3)
lercanidipine
Zanextra®/Lercapress®   hypertension                             3,848        4,132           (283)    (6.8)
Eligard®                antineoplastic                          10,165        3,999           6,166     n.s.
Urorec®                 benign prostatic hyperplasia             1,365        2,009           (643)   (32.0)


Also in this country, sales benefited from the recovery in seasonal flu products and cardiovascular
medications, with Reselip® marketed from April 2021, as well as the growth of Eligard®. Sales of drugs for
the treatment of rare diseases amounted to € 34.7 million, up by 11.3% thanks also to the contribution of
the rare and niche cancer products.
Sales include those of Lercapress® (lercanidipine + enalapril), now marketed by our subsidiary following the
expiry of the license agreement with Pierre Fabre. Sales of lercanidipine‐based products decreased due to
competition from the generic versions of the drug. Regarding self‐medication products, sales of Ginkor® and
Exomuc® grew over the year.
Sales in the Hexa line, a leader in the treatment of seasonal winter illnesses, rose by 87.9% due to the
recovery in seasonal flu‐related illnesses.


GERMANY
In addition to its consolidated presence in the cardiovascular therapeutic area with a range of treatments
from the calcium channel blocker antihypertensives Corifeo® and Zanipress® to the beta blocker Beloc®ZOK,
Beloc® and Mobloc® (metoprolol), Recordati Pharma GmbH is one of the most esteemed German
pharmaceutical companies in the field of orthopedics, where it has developed a strong presence and supplies
quality products to specialists in this segment. The most important of these includes Ortoton® and Ortoton
Forte® (methocarbamol), a muscle relaxant used for back pain. Recosyn® (hyaluronic acid), for arthritis
treatment regimens, Lipotalon® (dexamethasone palmitate), used to alleviate pain in the presence of
inflammation of the joints, and Binosto® (alendronic acid) effervescent tablets used to treat osteoporosis
that presents with the onset of menopause, are also very popular.




                                                                                                          51
                                                                        2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



Recordati Pharma is also well‐positioned in the pediatric segment with two brands, Laxbene® and Mirfulan®.
The first is used for the treatment of constipation and the second for diaper rash.
In March 2021, the German branch began marketing Eligard® in the urology segment, a treatment area where
it has established its presence, and offers additional products such as Urorec®. With the launch of Reagila®
(cariprazine) in 2018, it entered an additional treatment area, psychiatry. Another important aspect for
Recordati Pharma is its business in the gastroenterology area, and specifically in the treatment of chronic
inflammatory intestinal conditions, with the product Claversal® (mesalazine). The line was expanded in 2021
with the introduction of the 1‐gram Citrafleet® suppositories and Fleet Phospho‐soda®, which contributed to
expanding the German subsidiary’s offering in this area.
Operations in the segment dedicated to rare diseases in this country are carried out by Recordati Rare
Diseases Germany GmbH and EUSA Pharma (Germany) GmbH.
Sales in Germany came to € 167.6 million, up by 9.6% compared to the previous year. The performance in
the main products is as follows:

€ (thousands)            Therapeutic indications             2022           2021            Changes         %
                                                                                          2022/2021
Ortoton®                 muscle relaxant                    33,694        35,132              (1,438)    (4.1)
Seloken®/Seloken®        hypertension
ZOK/Logimax®             cardiac disorders                  15,035        16,454              (1,419)    (8.6)
                         hypertension
Corifeo®/lercanidipine   lercanidipine                      15,517        14,492                1,025      7.4
Claversal®               ulcerative colitis                  9,507        11,597              (2,091)   (18.0)
Mirfulan®                Healing ointment                    8,386         8,661                (275)    (3.2)
Eligard®                 antineoplastic                     13,919         8,404                5,515     65.6
Zanipress®               hypertension                        6,717         7,454                (736)    (9.9)
Recosyn®                 Musculoskeletal                     7,092         7,205                (113)    (1.6)


Also worthy of note is good performance from Eligard® and lercanidipine. Additionally, significant growth
(+89.5%) was seen in sales in the rare diseases treatment area, reaching € 39.4 million, including new
products for rare and niche cancers. Overall sales in self‐medication products in Germany reached € 34.8
million, up by 2.8% on the previous year, mainly thanks to increased sales of Laxbene® (+19.0%), and
Citrafleet® (+9.9%). The decrease in turnover for Ortoton® and Claversal® should be noted, mainly due to the
decrease in the reference prices.


RUSSIA, OTHER C.I.S. COUNTRIES AND UKRAINE
Rusfic LLC, FIC Médical S.à r.l. and Recordati Ukraine LLC, are the Recordati group companies that operate in
Russia and in other markets of the Commonwealth of Independent States (C.I.S.), in Ukraine and in Central
Asia. Our organizations’ success in these regions is based largely on the progressive affirmation of the main
corporate portfolio products, including Procto‐Glyvenol®, Urorec®, Zanidip®, Lomexin® Livazo® that were
launched in these regions, as well as the anti‐infective products like Tergynan®, a well‐established treatment
for gynecological infections also available in Mongolia, and Polydexa® and Isofra®, products indicated for the
treatment of ENT disorders, as well as a portfolio of popular self‐medication products. These refer mainly to
the well‐known food supplements like the vitamins Alfavit® and Qudesan®, OTC products like the oral cavity
antibacterials in the Hexa line, Hexalyse® and Hexaspray® and the intestinal absorbent product
(enterosorbent) White Carbo®.




                                                                                                            52
                                                                         2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



Following the outbreak of conflict between Russia and Ukraine, in 2022, the logistics chain and delivery of
medicines in Ukraine was made secure to guarantee Ukrainian patients permanent access to medicine. In
Russia, the Group adopted an operating plan that ensures the continuity of its Russian branch in full
compliance with all regulations.
Revenue in Russia, Ukraine and in the countries within the Commonwealth of Independent States (C.I.S.)
through the different subsidiaries was € 131.7 million, up by 32.2%, and includes an estimated positive
exchange rate effect of € 15.4 million. Revenue realized in Russia was RUB 7,330.1 million in local currency,
up by 15.6% over the previous year. The table below shows overall sales of the main products in Russia in
local currency.

RUB (thousands)      Therapeutic indications                2022            2021           Changes          %
                                                                                         2022/2021
Polydexa®            ear infections                    2,182,608       1,785,527            397,081       22.2
Tergynan®            gynecological infections            943,035       1,117,633          (174,598)     (15.6)
Procto‐Glyvenol®     hemorrhoids                         753,935         939,948          (186,013)     (19.8)
Isofra®              nasal infections                  1,175,592         904,500            271,092       30.0

The main product in the Russian portfolio is Polydexa®, with sales essentially in line with the previous year,
together with Isofra® and Hexaspray®, corporate products associated with seasonal flu illnesses, while a drop
was recorded for Tergynan®. Sales in Russia of the corporate products Isofra® and Livazo® also recorded
strong growth.
Revenue in Ukraine and other countries in the C.I.S., mainly Belarus, Kazakhstan and Armenia, came to € 19.1
million, down by 13.9%, essentially due to lower sales in Ukraine, which came to UAH 356.4 million, with a
reduction of 25.5% in the local currency.


UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
The Group’s pharmaceutical business in the U.S.A. is dedicated to marketing products for the treatment of
rare diseases through our subsidiaries Recordati Rare Diseases Inc. and EUSA Pharma (US) LLC. The portfolio
includes products for the treatment of various rare metabolic disorders, including Panhematin® (hemin for
injection) used for recurrent attacks of acute intermittent porphyria, Carbaglu® (carglumic acid), indicated
for the treatment of acute hyperammonemia associated with NAGS deficiency, propionic acidemia or
methylmalonic acidemia, Cystadane® (betaine anhydrous oral solution), used in the treatment of
homocystinuria to reduce the high level of homocysteine in the blood and Cystadrops® (cysteamine
ophthalmic solution) 0.37% for the treatment of corneal cystine crystal deposits, and Cosmegen®
(dactinomycin for injection) used mainly in the treatment of three rare cancers.
Starting in 2019, the product portfolio was expanded to include Signifor® and Signifor® LAR (pasireotide) in
the endocrinology area, a pituitary therapy for the treatment of Cushing’s disease and acromegaly, and, in
2020, Isturisa® (osilodrostat), a potent cortisol synthesis inhibitor, was approved for the treatment of
Cushing’s disease.
The Group further enhanced its product portfolio to include oncology following the acquisition of EUSA
Pharma in 2022. The main product now added to the USA portfolio is Sylvant® (siltuximab), a therapy for
treatment of idiopathic Multicentric Castleman’s Disease (iMCD).
Sales reached € 260.5 million in 2022, up by 47.2% and by 31.1% in local currency, compared to 2021. This
growth reflects the integration of the oncology products acquired with EUSA Pharma for a total of € 27.7
million, as well as the continued growth of Signifor® and Isturisa® (osilodrostat), together with the growth of




                                                                                                            53
                                                                         2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



Cystadrops® and Panhematin®. Carbaglu® also saw increased sales in 2022, despite the entry of the first
generic options at the beginning of the year.


SPAIN
Casen Recordati S.L., the Spanish subsidiary of the Recordati Group, with headquarters in Madrid and
production facilities and research and development department in Utebo (Zaragoza, Spain), markets an
extensive and substantial portfolio of Specialty and Primary Care products belonging to the cardiology,
urological, gynaecological, gastrointestinal, paediatric and psychiatric treatment areas.
In Spain, Recordati Rare Diseases Spain S.L. and EUSA Pharma Iberia S.L. market the portfolio of products for
the treatment of rare diseases.
The Spanish production plant is situated near Zaragoza, covering 7,100 sq. m., and specializes in the
production and packaging of solid and liquid oral and topical formulations. The plan manufactures a number
of gastrointestinal therapy products, producing around 22 million packages per year. Certain corporate
products are manufactured at the Utebo site in Spain (Citrafleet®, CasenLax® and Phosphosoda®) for all the
markets where they are sold. Recently, a new line for the packaging of tablets in bottles was installed and
certified. The Group’s environmental commitments led to the successful installation of photovoltaic panels
able to generate up to 185 kWh of electricity for self‐consumption.
Sales in Spain totalled € 142.6 million, an 18.8% increase, mainly thanks to growth in the sales of products
associated with hospital procedures (Citrafleet®, Enema®, Casenlax®), which, in 2021, had suffered from the
temporary halt due to the COVID‐19 emergency, as well as the increase in sales of products associated
digestive problems and metabolic disturbances, including BI‐Oralsuero (up by 28.3%), the new product
Flatoril® (up by 69.7%) and the continued growth of Eligard. The drop seen for Livazo® can be attributed to
competition from the generic versions.
The table below shows sales of the main products:

€ (thousands)     Therapeutic indications                   2022              2021          Changes          %
                                                                                          2022/2021
Eligard®          Antineoplastic                           29,541            18,557           10,984       59.2
CitraFleet®       bowel cleansing                          19,792            16,412             3,380      20.6
Livazo®           hypercholesterolemia                      6,529             7,787           (1,258)    (16.2)
Enema Casen       bowel cleansing                           7,602             7,515                87       1.2
Casenlax®         Laxative                                  7,444             6,740               704      10.4
Urorec®           benign prostatic hyperplasia              6,473             6,248               225       3.6
Cidine®           gastroprokinetic                          6,361             6,151               211       3.4
Reuteri®          Probiotic                                 5,025             4,340               684      15.8
Zanipress®        Hypertension                              4,046             3,908               137       3.5
Flatoril®         Metabolism                                6,226             3,669             2,556      69.7
Virirec®          erectile dysfunction                      4,139             3,519               621      17.6

Sales of rare disease products came to € 24.0 million, up by 78.7% thanks to the inclusion of products for rare
cancers acquired with EUSA Pharma, which come to € 9.4 million.




                                                                                                            54
                                                                          2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



TÜRKIYE
Recordati Ilaç, the Group’s Turkish subsidiary, is one of the top 30 pharmaceutical companies in Türkiye. It
continues to strengthen its position on the Turkish pharmaceutical market and has a strong, consolidated
presence in the fields of urology, uro‐oncology, cardiology, surgery, gynaecology and in rehabilitation. The
subsidiary markets the corporate products Lercadip®, Zanipress®, Alipza®, Urorec®, Eligard®, Gyno‐Lomexin®,
Procto‐Glyvenol®, Phospho‐soda®, Citrafleet® and Casenlax®, together with the local brands Mictonorm®
and Mictonorm SR® (propiverine hydrochloride), used for the treatment of hyperactive bladder and urinary
incontinence, Cabral® (phenyramidol hydrochloride), a muscle relaxant, Krerval® (butamirate citrate), a
cough suppressant, Aknetrent® (isotretinoin), used for the treatment of severe acne, Pankreoflat®
(pancreatin), a treatment for dyspepsia, Prepagel® (escin, diethylamine salicylate), for use in cases of bruises,
sprains, hematoma, and the antibiotic Ciprasid® (ciprofloxacin). In 2022, the Recordati İlaç product portfolio
continued to expand in the uro‐oncology and primary care segments thanks to the transfer of the license
authorising sales of Eligard 22.5 mg/45 mg (leuprorelin acetate) and two new local marketing authorisations:
Kreval SR 50 mg film tablets (butamirate citrate) and Pelong Crema 5% (lidocaine/prilocaine).
Recordati Ilaç has a significant production facility in Cerkezkoy, Türkiye, built on 45,000 sq. m. of land and
covering approximately 11,300 sq. m. It currently produces 60 million packs per year of solid oral and liquid
formulations and products for topical use, of which 27% are for other pharmaceutical companies. The
Cerkezkoy plant was certified current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) compliant by the Turkish
authorities in 2016 and has also been confirmed cGMP compliant by the European Union, Azerbaijan, Libya,
Kenya, the Russian Federation, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan.
Sales in Türkiye were at € 74.3 million, up by 5.7%, and included a negative currency exchange effect
estimated at € 49.3 million. The Turkish subsidiary’s sales in local currency were up by 87.2% thanks to a
generalized price increase in March, July and December against the depreciation of the Turkish lira in recent
years, as well as good performance by all corporate products, in particular Livazo® (sold in Türkiye under the
Alipza® brand), Eligard® and Procto‐Glyvenol®, and the local products Aknetrent®, Metpamid®
(metoclopramide) and Colchicum® (colchicine). Of note is the significant drop in Lercadip® and Zanipress®
due to competition from generic products.
The table below shows the trend for the main products in local currency (excluding the effect of IAS 29
application)
TRY (thousands)    Therapeutic indications                  2022            2021        Changes                %
                                                                                      2022/2021
Mictonorm®         urinary incontinence                  207,079         122,951          84,128            68.4
Cabral®            muscle relaxant                       132,141          93,123          39,017            41.9
Livazo®            hypercholesterolemia                  160,743          88,806          71,937            81.0
Urorec®            benign prostatic hyperplasia          132,776          85,072          47,704            56.1
Lercadip®          hypertension                           75,677          64,776          10,901            16.8
Procto‐Glyvenol®   hemorrhoids                            80,791          58,166          22,625            38.9
Kreval®            cough                                 105,371          40,274          65,097             n.s.
Ciprasid®          anti‐infective                         38,217          39,644          (1,427)           (3.6)
Zanipress®         hypertension                           45,277          30,439          14,837            48.7




                                                                                                              55
                                                                        2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



Sales of products for the treatment of rare diseases amounted to € 9.8 million, up significantly compared to
the previous year, thanks to the contribution of the EUSA Pharma products.


PORTUGAL
Jaba Recordati S.A. maintains a solid position in the Portuguese pharmaceutical market, especially in the
cardiovascular (Livazo® and Zanipress®), urological (Urorec®), gastrointestinal (Citrafleet®, Eligard®
Urojaba®), pain control areas (TransAct® LAT and Seractil®), the central nervous system (Reagila® and
Saffrox®) as well as the self‐medication products market (Guronsan® Aloclair® Biogaia®). Among the main
products, of note is Egostar® used as a Vitamin D supplement.
Jaba Recordati S.A. has recently moved its office to Tagus Park.
Sales in Portugal rose 17.7%, thanks above all to the contribution of Eligard® and growth from Zanicor ®
(hypertension medicine), Reagila® (medicine to treat schizophrenia) and the new product Enerzair®, which
launched in 2022.
The table below shows the main products:
€ (thousands)     Therapeutic indications                     2022          2021       Changes              %
                                                                                     2022/2021
TransAct® LAT     Anti‐inflammatory                           5,011         5,091           (80)         (1.6)
Eligard®          Antineoplastic                              6,137         4,291         1,846           43.0
Livazo®           Hypercholesterolemia                        3,186         3,541         (355)         (10.0)
Microlax®         Laxative                                    3,721         3,529           193            5.5
Egostar®          vitamin D3                                  3,162         3,001           161            5.4
Zanipress®        Hypertension                                1,694         1,897         (203)         (10.7)
Urorec®           benign prostatic hyperplasia                1,474         1,627         (153)          (9.4)


Sales of rare disease treatments amounted to € 3.4 million, up by 80.2% compared to 2021.


OTHER CENTRAL AND EASTERN EUROPEAN COUNTRIES
The Recordati Group has subsidiaries in Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia, Romania and Bulgaria and
also sells directly in the Baltic States. Sales in this area totalled € 128.8 million, up by 15.0% compared to
2021, of which € 21.7 million related to products for the treatment of rare diseases marketed by Recordati
Rare Diseases, with strong growth thanks also to the acquisition of EUSA Pharma products, whose sales
amounted to € 8.8 million.


Poland
The Group’s subsidiary in Poland, Recordati Polska Sp z o.o., markets a diversified product portfolio that is
well‐positioned in the cardiovascular, gastroenterology, gynecology and uro‐oncology areas, as well as the
self‐medication segment. The main products include Betaloc® ZOK ((metoprolol succinate), a product widely
used for the treatment of angina pectoris and other cardiac disorders, Eligard®, a recently introduced drug
for the treatment of hormone‐dependent prostate cancer (PCa), Procto‐ Glyvenol® for the treatment of
hemorrhoids, Gynoxin® a vaginal infection treatment, Uprox® (tamsulosin), for lower urinary tract
disturbances associated with enlargement of the prostate, the hypertension medications Lercan®
(lercanidipine) and Lercaprel® (lercanidipine+enalapril). In 2021, Recordati Polska launched Salaza®


                                                                                                           56
                                                                         2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



(mesalazine) to strengthen its position in the gastroenterology segment, where it successfully markets
Citrafleet®, an established corporate product.
Sales in Poland for 2022 came to € 41.0 million, down by 6.7%, mainly due to the drop in metoprolol‐based
cardiovascular products, which fell overall by 8.9%, and Procto‐Glyvenol®, which fell by 11.5%.
Eligard® grew 21.7%.


Czech Republic and Slovakia
Herbacos Recordati s.r.o., the Group’s subsidiary in the Czech Republic and in Slovakia, successfully markets
pharmaceutical products belonging to a number of therapeutic areas, including cardiology, oncology,
urology, gynaecology and self‐medication products, such as analgesics, anti‐inflammatories and dermatology
medicines. The subsidiary’s growth was supported by Eligard® (leuprorelin acetate) for treatment of
hormone‐dependent prostate cancer, Betaloc® (metoprolol) for treatment of hypotension and other cardiac
issues, Pivinorm® (pivmecillinam),a uro‐gynaecological treatment for simple lower urinary tract infections,
and Lomexin®, which became OTC in June 2022. Well‐established in the self‐medication market are the
brands Procto‐Glyvenol®, the analgesic Valetol® (paracetamol), the flu treatment Acylpyrin® (acetylsalicylic
acid) and Infadolan®, a topical treatment for dry and cracked skin recommended after using hand disinfectant
products.
The subsidiary operates a small pharmaceutical production plant, situated in Pardubice, which produces
creams, gels and ointments for a total of around 2 million packs per year.
Herbacos Recordati s.r.o. sales totalled € 32.3 million, up by 17.1%, in particular thanks to the growth of
Betaloc® (metoprolol) and the continued growth of Eligard®.


Romania and Bulgaria
Recordati Romania S.R.L. promotes prescription and self‐mediation products successfully. Sales in Romania
came to € 21.2 million, up by 34.0%, thanks mainly to good performance from the prescription treatment
portfolio (Betaloc Zok® +47.7%) and the continued growth of Eligard®.
Bulgaria’s sales were € 5.9 million, down by 23.1% due to lower sales of Betaloc Zok®.


Baltic states
The Group has established a direct presence (from 2019) in Lithuania with the opening of a Recordati Polska
Sp. Z o.o. representative office in Lithuania, directly supporting the Recordati product portfolio not just in
Lithuania but also in Latvia and Estonia. The main products marketed in this area are Betaloc®, Procto‐
Glyvenol®, market leader in the haemorrhoids segment in Lithuania and Latvia, as well as Lomexin®, Urorec®,
Urispas® and Ginkor®. Eligard® was introduced in Lithuania and Latvia in 2021.
Direct sales to the market in the Baltic States totalled € 6.9 million, down by 5.7%, mainly due to metoprolol‐
based cardiovascular products.


OTHER WESTERN EUROPEAN COUNTRIES
The Recordati Group is also present with its own subsidiaries in the United Kingdom with Recordati
Pharmaceuticals Ltd and Recordati Rare Diseases United Kingdom Ltd, in Ireland through its subsidiary
Recordati Ireland Ltd, in Greece with Recordati Hellas Pharmaceuticals S.A., in Switzerland through Recordati


                                                                                                            57
                                                                         2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



AG (also present in Austria through Recordati GmbH), in the Nordic countries with Recordati AB and in
BeNelux with Recordati BV. Sales in this area totalled € 136.7 million, up by 31.0% compared to 2021, of
which € 52.4 million related to products for the treatment of rare diseases marketed by Recordati Rare
Diseases, up 83.4% thanks also to the integration of EUSA Pharma products.


Switzerland and Austria
The Recordati Group is present in Switzerland through Recordati AG, which is headquartered in Zug and also
operates in Austria through Recordati GmbH. The portfolio mainly comprises consolidated metoprolol‐based
cardiovascular products in addition to Zanidip®, Zanipress®, Beloc Zok®, the anti‐cholesterol Livazo®, Eligard®
in the urology field for the treatment of advanced stage prostate cancer, and Urorec®, for the treatment of
benign prostatic hyperplasia. Other important brands are Lacdigest® (tilactase), used in lactose intolerance,
Tretinac® (isotretinoin), a treatment for severe acne, and Urocit® (potassium citrate) for the prevention of
kidney stones. Recordati AG has a presence in the psychiatric therapeutic area with Reagila®, an innovative
product for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults which addresses unmet psychiatric medical needs.
As of 2022, following the acquisition of EUSA Pharma, the Group also works in the rare diseases segment
through the company EUSA Pharma (CH) GmbH.
The Group also has a pharmaceutical location in north‐west Switzerland, in Basel (within the Novartis
Campus). The plant covers around 1500 sq. m. Successfully remodelled in 2012 and GMP certified by
Swissmedic, it is used for the commercial production of Signifor LAR Bulk, a specialised pharmaceutical
product used to treat acromegaly and Cushing’s disease.
Sales for € 27.4 million were realized at the Swiss branch, up 8.1% thanks to the good performance by Livazo®,
Eligard®, Reagila® and Urorec®.


Greece
Recordati Hellas Pharmaceuticals S.A. is the Recordati subsidiary which operates in Greece where it offers a
number of products in different therapeutic areas such as cardiovascular, urology, gynecology, psychiatry,
dermatology and gastrointestinal. In the cardiovascular area, popular products are Livazo® and Lopresor®, a
selective beta blocker indicated for the treatment of hypertension, Zanidip® (lercanidipine) and its fixed
combination with enalapril Lercaprel®/Zaneril®, and Logimax®, for the treatment of hypertension. In the
psychiatric area, Reagila® (cariprazine) was launched in 2021, a medicine to treat schizophrenia that has been
very well received. In the urology segment, the main products are Urorec® and Vitaros®. Completing the
product portfolio are the antimycotic Lomexin® and Citrafleet®.
Sales in Greece totalled € 18.4 million, down slightly compared to the previous year (‐2.4%).


United Kingdom
Recordati Pharmaceuticals is the Group company marketing a wide array of new and classic Recordati brands
in the United Kingdom, including Reagila®, Cleen Enema® and lercanidipine products.
Sales in the United Kingdom were € 24.3 million, up 85.3% and refer primarily to products for the treatment
of rare diseases, which represent 94.6% of our business in that country.




                                                                                                            58
                                                                          2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



Ireland

Recordati Ireland, the Group’s Irish subsidiary, successfully markets Lercaril® 20/20, a formulation that
combines lercanidipine + enalapril to treat hypertension, with continued growth, strengthening the
subsidiary’s portfolio in the cardiovascular area. It also promotes Zanidip® and Urorec®. In 2022, Recordati
Ireland strengthened its presence in the urology sector with Eligard®, a treatment for prostate cancer. Sales
in Ireland totalled € 2.0 million, down slightly compared to the previous year.


Nordic and Benelux countries
Starting in 2018, the organizational structure of our subsidiaries Recordati AB in Sweden and Recordati BV in
Belgium was reinforced to promote and market our general medicine and specialty products, in addition to
our products for the treatment of rare diseases, in the Nordic countries and in BeNelux.
The Nordic countries are managed by the Swedish branch, with headquarters in Kista (Stockholm), which
also operates directly in Denmark, Norway, Finland and Iceland. Sales in 2022 totalled € 15.8 million (+30.8%).
Recordati AB promotes corporate products in the cardiovascular segment, like Seloken®, Seloken ZOC®,
Logimax®, Zanidip® and Zanipress®, and to a lesser extent to the gastrointestinal area, like Citrafleet®, Cleen
Enema and Phospho‐soda®. The subsidiary focused on promoting Eligard® and Reagila®.
Recordati BV, with headquarters in Brussels and a branch in Oss, Netherlands, manages direct distribution in
Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg of its lercanidipine and metoprolol‐based products in the
cardiovascular area, Citrafleet®, Cleen Enema and Phospho‐soda® in the gastrointestinal area. Sales of € 11.8
million were recorded in BeNelux in 2022, down by 3.8%.
With the acquisition of EUSA Pharma, the companies dedicated to rare diseases, EUSA Pharma (Netherlands)
BV and EUSA Pharma (Denmark) ApS, also operate in these countries.


NORTH AFRICA
Recordati is present in North Africa with Opalia Recordati S.à.r.l. and Opalia Pharma S.A. in Tunisia and
through its export business from France, mainly towards Algeria. Opalia Pharma is one of the most important
Tunisian pharmaceutical companies and ranks high in the local pharmaceutical market. It markets branded
generic drugs with leading products in dermatology and in the gastrointestinal and respiratory treatment
areas. It manufactures most of its products at its own facility, which is located near to Tunis, covering an area
of around 9,100 sq. m. and producing liquid, semi‐solid and oral solid forms for the local market and for some
of the countries in the Arabian Peninsula. The plant produces around 17 million packs a year. Certified GMP
compliant, the manufacturing site was approved by the Gulf Health Council and the Saudi Food and Drug
Authority.
Total sales in North Africa were € 37.7 million, up by 4.9%. In 2022, sales in Tunisia through our subsidiaries
totalled € 32.1 million, increasing by 6.6% and by 5.4% in local currency.
The main products in this highly diversified portfolio are Vitamin D3, the anti‐hypertensives Zanidip® and
Zanextra® (lercanidipine + enalapril), Urorec®, the gastro‐protector Ippsium® (esomeprazole), and the two
treatments for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), Eolide® (budesonide) and Notos®
(formoterol + fumarate dehydrate).




                                                                                                              59
                                                                         2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



OTHER INTERNATIONAL SALES
Other international sales were at € 229.2 million, up by 12.3%, and comprise the sales and other revenue
from our licensees for our corporate products, Laboratoires Bouchara Recordati’s and Casen Recordati’s
export sales and Recordati Rare Diseases’ sales in all other countries not described above.
Sales to foreign licensees, including other revenue, came to € 98.4 million, down by 13.2% following lower
sales to our distributor in China, with a impact of € 7.6 million.
Foreign sales by the French subsidiary Laboratoires Bouchara Recordati, excluding those in North Africa,
came to € 15.8 million, an increase of 2.5%, while those of the Spanish subsidiary Casen Recordati came to €
1.6 million, with a slight 4.4% increase over the previous year.
Revenue generated by products treating rare diseases in other countries, mainly in Canada and Australia,
some countries in Latin America, the Middle East and Asia, mostly generated by our subsidiaries, amounted
to € 110.8 million, a 55.6% increase with respect to the previous year. This includes € 25.3 million in sales of
EUSA Pharma products, sales of Juxtapid®, a product acquired under license in 2019, in Japan, and sales of
Panhematin®, Cystadrops® and Cystadane® in Canada.




                                                                                                             60
                                                                        2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




Pharmaceutical chemicals
Recordati produces a number of active ingredients and intermediates
for the pharmaceutical industry in its two pharmaceutical chemical
production plants.
Recordati’s pharmaceutical chemicals business focuses on satisfying
the requirements of the pharmaceutical business, striving for
maximum product quality, strengthening its presence in highly
regulated markets (the United States, Europe and Japan) and on
constantly guaranteeing maximum safety standard in its production
processes, protection of the environment and health and safety in the
workplace.

Sales of pharmaceutical chemicals, which comprise active substances produced in the Campoverde di Aprilia
plant for the international pharmaceutical industry, were at € 48.9 million, substantially in line with the
previous year. Declines due to lower demand for active ingredients, used in the treatment of hospitalizations
caused by COVID‐19, were offset by the resumption of the use of drugs to mitigate seasonal cooling
symptoms and the gradual increase in prices. In particular, worthy of note is the positive performance of
manidipine, diphenhydramine and cysteamine bitartrate.
The sales of active ingredients by geographical area are shown below:


€ (thousands)                                   2022         %       2021           %     Changes          %
                                                                                        2022/2021
Italy                                          2,652        5.4      4,833       10.0      (2,181)     (45.1)
Europe (Italy excluded)                       14,353       29.4     17,138       35.3      (2,785)     (16.3)
U.S.A.                                         7,572       15.5      5,554       11.5        2,018       36.3
America (U.S.A. excluded)                      4,725        9.7      4,762        9.8          (37)     (0.8)
Australasia                                   16,990       34.7     14,517       29.9        2,473       17.0
Africa                                         2,583        5.3      1,678        3.5          905       53.9
Total                                         48,875       100      48,482      100.0          393        0.8




                                                                                                          61
                                                                        2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




Health, safety and environment
The Recordati Group recognizes the protection of the environment,
safety in the workplace and prevention in general concerning all
themes related to health, safety and the environment as one of its
most important priorities.
Company policy is implemented through the careful organization of
roles with regard to guaranteeing the safety and health of workers. A
well‐ defined corporate organization combined with a systemic
approach to the management of safety at the workplace ensures
continuous improvement in management with the objective of
constantly reducing work‐related and environmental risks.
As in 2021, 2022 proved to be a particularly difficult year for the entire world, with the outbreak of war in
Ukraine and the continued health crisis caused by COVID‐19.
Since the beginning of the emergency, the pharmaceutical world has been under immense pressure due to
its role as an “essential service for the community”. The Group reacted immediately and decisively,
maintaining all measures necessary to manage the pandemic emergency and the effects of the war in
Ukraine, with the goal of reducing the spread of the virus and therefore protecting the health and safety of
all employees whilst ensuring business continuity.
These measures ranged from smart working implemented for office personnel to the launch of new
organizational models for our sales network through the remote provision of scientific information, also
supported by specific training programs. A series of measures were adopted in production and distribution
facilities, in full compliance with provisions issued by the Authority, which allowed the Group to continue
production and guarantee the health and safety of production personnel. While observing all measures
necessary to ensure the health and safety of its employees, Recordati never suspended its production and
distribution activities, guaranteeing continuous availability of its products in the market, many of which are
used in the treatment of serious and chronic illnesses.
In order to define an organizational model specifically designed to address health and safety at the
workplace, as well as protect the environment, the Company has internal procedures in place to regulate
these issues entitled: “Procedures for Prevention Management, Accident Management and Medical
Services” and “Procedures for environmental management”. The application of these standards is
periodically verified through internal audits.
The following common characteristics and measures for risk prevention are present within the system for
the management of health, safety and the environment that the Recordati group employs in both its
pharmaceutical chemicals and its pharmaceutical plants: risk assessment, training and information for
workers, proper maintenance standards, environmental protection systems designed to minimize
environmental impacts, appropriate emergency measures and compliance with local legislation on the
subject. The Group monitors and analyses injuries and accidents that occur at the various production sites as
well as any work‐related illness. For every accident, an action plan aimed at preventing similar episodes is
prepared and implemented. The results of these analyses of industrial accidents are periodically submitted
to the Internal Audit Committee. Recordati employs a systematic approach to the management of health,


                                                                                                           62
                                                                        2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



safety and the environment, and sets itself the specific objective not only of compliance with the various
national regulations in force at different production sites, but also of continuous improvement in the
management of these matters.
Risk assessment is the principal tool used in the safety management system. It is used to define risk control
factors along with the relative measures for prevention and protection to be adopted or monitored in order
to reduce the risk to the health and safety of workers. The updating of the risk assessment document is a
continuous activity, it records the sequence of the actions undertaken to improve the working environment
and the activities in progress, and it also includes assessments of new activities or changes made to the work
process.
Training, information, and awareness of the workers are considered to be fundamental prevention tools in
all matters related to health, safety and the environment. Health and safety training programs are
implemented to ensure adequate competency of everyone within the whole Company organization. The goal
is to increase the attention placed by personnel on risks and the prevention measures put in place in order
to reduce accident rates caused by human error, which is the main cause of accidents at the Company.
Training and the dissemination of information on the organization of safety in the Company is provided for
all employees and, thanks to the use of remote training, the operational forces in the field are also
systematically involved.
Maintenance is one of the key prevention activities. Equipment, plant and machinery are subject to regular
maintenance programmes performed by both internal and external resources.
Out‐sourcing to third party contractors is managed by special internal procedures which include the
verification that the contractor is suitable and the sharing of the “Single Interference Risk Assessment
Document” in order to reduce, and if possible eliminate, potential interferences between the work activities
of external firms and the normal operations of the Company.
Particular attention is placed on all aspects of an environmental nature, in order to protect the environment
and to prevent any form of pollution.
The environmental factor is controlled and managed in the pharmaceutical chemicals plants by an
environmental management system that is part of the general management system. It includes the
organizational structure, planned activities, responsibilities, practices, procedures and resources to
formulate, implement, review and maintain the Company’s environmental policies.
After the Company reported the potential contamination of the site in the past, a Characterisation Plan is
being implemented at the Campoverde location as of 2021, approved by the Services Conference in 2021
and expected to be completed in 2023. The procedure indicated by current environmental legislation will
lead to the definition of the necessary Operational Securing measures, after approval from the relevant
authorities, meeting as part of the Services Conference.
The environmental management system goes beyond carefully ensuring that laws and regulations for
preventing potential incidents from occurring are complied with. It involves a programme of continuous
improvement in corporate conduct in relation to the surrounding environment.
In 2022, the Recordati plants underwent regular periodic inspections with no non‐conformities or critical
issues identified.




                                                                                                           63
                                                                                                   2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




Financial review
INCOME STATEMENT
Income statement items are shown below, with the relative percentage of net revenue and changes
compared to 2021:
€ (thousands)                                                        2022             %            2021            %          Changes             %
                                                                             of revenue                   of revenue        2022/2021

Net revenue                                                    1,853,307            100.0 1,580,074             100.0          273,233         17.3

Cost of sales                                                  (566,737)           (30.6) (427,727)             (27.1)        (139,010)        32.5
Gross profit                                                   1,286,570             69.4 1,152,347               72.9          134,223        11.6

Selling expenses                                               (462,665)           (25.0) (396,394)             (25.1)         (66,271)        16.7
Research and development expenses                              (220,102)           (11.9) (166,138)             (10.5)         (53,964)        32.5
General and administrative expenses                            (109,493)            (5.9) (84,495)               (5.3)         (24,998)        29.6
Other income/(expenses), net                                    (56,984)            (3.1) (15,130)               (1.0)         (41,854)         n.s.
Operating income                                                 437,326             23.6 490,190                 31.0         (52,864)      (10.8)

Financial income/(expenses), net                                 (35,891)            (1.9)     (26,841)           (1.7)         (9,050)        33.7
Pre‐tax income                                                   401,435             21.7      463,349            29.3         (61,914)      (13.4)

Income taxes                                                     (89,099)            (4.8)     (77,383)           (4.9)        (11,716)        15.1
Net income                                                       312,336             16.9      385,966            24.4         (73,630)      (19.1)

Adjusted gross profit(1)                                       1,336,381             72.1 1,152,347               72.9         184,034         16.0
Adjusted operating income (2)                                    536,060             28.9 504,616                 26.9          31,444          6.2
Adjusted net income(3)                                           473,306             25.5 424,647                 31.9          48,659         11.5
EBITDA(4)                                                        672,750             36.3 602,253                 38.1          70,497         11.7

Net income attributable to:
Equity holders of the Parent                                     312,336             16.9      385,966            24.4         (73,630)      (19.1)
Non‐controlling interests                                              0              0.0            0             0.0                0         0.0
(1)   Gross profit adjusted by the impact of non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of
      acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.
(2)   Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses and non‐recurring items, non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the
      purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.
(3)   Net income excluding the amortization and write‐downs of intangible assets (except software) and goodwill, non‐recurring items, non‐cash
      charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory pursuant to IFRS 3, and
      monetary net gains/losses from hyperinflation (IAS 29), net of tax effects.
(4)   Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses, depreciation, amortization and write‐downs of property, plant and equipment,
      intangible assets and goodwill, non‐recurring items and non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the
      gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.


Net revenue amounted to € 1,853.3 million, increasing by € 273.2 million compared to 2021. For a detailed
analysis, please refer to the previous chapter “Review of Operations”.
Given the materiality of the non‐monetary adjustments originating from the application of IFRS 3 for the
allocation of the higher price paid for the acquisition of EUSA Pharma, two new indicators were added
starting from the second quarter: Adjusted gross profit and Adjusted operating income. Both of them are
adjusted for the impacts of applying the standard IFRS 3 in relation to the acquired stock of EUSA Pharma as
well as, in the case of Adjusted operating income, for non‐recurring items.


                                                                                                                                                  64
                                                                                                2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




Gross profit was € 1,286.6 million, with a ratio to sales of 69.4%, up 11.6% compared to the previous year,
despite the impact of € 49.8 million from the application of the standard IFRS 3 on the warehouse stocks of
EUSA Pharma. Net of this effect, the adjusted gross profit was € 1,336.4 million, up by 16.0%, with an increase
in revenue partially offset by a dilutive effect due to the gradual shift to the direct sales model of Eligard® in
the first half of 2021 and a slight increase in the cost of sales owing to the increase in raw material costs. The
negative impact of approximately € 8 million from the application of accounting standards related t
hyperinflationary economies (Türkiye) should also be noted.
Selling expenses increased by 16.7% due to the resumption in promotional activities compared to the
previous year (which was still partially affected by the COVID‐19 pandemic), to the consolidation of the EUSA
Pharma activities and to the increased resources needed to support the growth of endocrinology products.
This increase was nonetheless partially offset by the benefits of the efficiency measures put in place at the
end of 2021 with regard to the organization of the Specialty and Primary Care sector sales force, primarily in
Germany and Türkiye. Expenses as a percentage of revenue came down slightly with respect to the previous
year due to a particularly positive revenue performance.
Research and development expenses were € 220.1 million, an increase of 32.5% compared to the previous
year, owing to the integration of the EUSA Pharma expenses and the increase in investments in support of
products for endocrinology. An increase in amortisation of intangible assets of € 26.2 million was also
recorded, of which € 18.5 million is for EUSA Pharma.

General and administrative expenses increased by 29.6% owing to the integration of EUSA Pharma and the
strengthening of the general coordination structure to support an increasingly complex portfolio resulting
from recent acquisitions.
Labor costs in 2022 totalled € 373.1 million, up by 21.2% on 2021, with the per‐capita cost rising by 21.7%.
The table below shows the main data referring to Group personnel for 2022 and 2021:
                                                                                                                 2022        2021


Employees at year‐end                                                                                            4,369       4,303
Average age (years)                                                                                                 45          45
Average service (years)                                                                                            8.3         9.0
Labor productivity:
Labor cost on net sales                                                                                          20.1%      19.5%
Net sales per employee (€ thousands)(a)                                                                          435.8      370.0
Value added per employee (€ thousands)(a)                                                                        222.7      209.7
Labor costs include wages, related expenses and additional costs.
Data per employee is calculated on the average number of effective personnel: 4,253 in 2022 and 4,270 in 2021.



Based on the Group’s international expansion process, central structures continued to be strengthened to
ensure the integration, monitoring and coordination of foreign subsidiaries. A focused commitment was also
made to strengthening the specialized structures managing the endocrinology area. In general, personnel
training and development was a substantial portion of the Group’s efforts to ensure that the different work
groups belonging to different business areas were effective, while at the same time, continuing to focus on
the development of managerial skills distinctive to Recordati.
Other net income and expense came to € 57.0 million, compared to € 15.1 million in 2021. The increase is
due to non‐recurring costs, of which € 20.3 million is linked to the acquisition of EUSA Pharma (mainly for
tech transfer charges, specific insurance to cover potential risks on limitations of guarantees provided by

                                                                                                                                65
                                                                                                   2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



previous shareholders and company management during the due diligence process and the registration tax
paid at acquisition) and € 23.5 million for restructuring costs linked to projects to improve the efficiency of
the sales force in the Specialty and Primary Care segment, mainly in Italy, Germany and France, impacting
around 170 FTE.
Adjusted operating income (net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses and non‐
recurring items, non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the
gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3) is € 536.1 million, up by 6.2% compared to the
previous year, accounting for 28.9% of sales, reflecting the strong increase in revenue, partially offset by the
recovery of operating activities, investments to support the growth of new franchises and greater
amortisation of intangible assets, totalling € 26.2 million. Operating income was € 437.3 million, down 10.8%
compared to the same period the previous year. In addition to the impact of costs deriving from the fair value
revaluation of the inventory acquired with EUSA Pharma, there were also non‐recurring costs of € 48.9
million.
Amortisation and depreciation, classified among the previous items, come to € 125.8 million, of which € 98.5
million is for intangible assets, up by € 26.2 million compared to the previous year, in large part due to the
effects of the EUSA Pharma acquisition, and € 27.3 million relative to property, plant and equipment, up by
€ 2.0 million compared to the amount in 2021. Impairment of € 10.9 million mainly refers to goodwill for the
Turkish cash generating unit for € 5.4 million, (following the monetary revaluation of net assets for around €
85 million after application of IAS 29), the intangible asset Fortacin® for € 2.2 million, following the reduction
in future expected cash flow and the license obtained from ARS Pharmaceuticals for € 2.8 million, to adjust
the recoverable value following the start of negotiations to return the rights, completed successfully in
February 2023.
EBITDA(1), equal to € 672.8 million, rose by 11.7% with respect to 2021 with a ratio of 36.3% to revenues,
reflecting solid growth and the benefit of initiatives implemented to support profits.
The reconciliation of net income and EBITDA(1) is reported below.
€ (thousands)                                                                                                         2022                     2021

Net income                                                                                                        312,336                  385,966
Income taxes                                                                                                       89,099                   77,383
Financial income/(expenses), net                                                                                   35,891                   26,841
Non‐recurring operating expenses                                                                                   48,923                   14,426
Non‐cash charges from PPA inventory uplift                                                                         49,811                        ‐
Adjusted operating income                                                                                         536,060                  504,616
Amortization and write‐downs                                                                                      136,690                   97,637
EBITDA(1)                                                                                                         672,750                  602,253
(1)   Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses, depreciation, amortization and write‐downs of property, plant and equipment,
      intangible assets and goodwill, non‐recurring items and non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the
      gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.

The breakdown of EBITDA(1) by business segment is reported below.
€ (thousands)                                                                  2022                     2021                  Changes              %
                                                                                                                            2022/2021
Specialty and Primary Care segment                                         417,733                  421,999                      (4,266)        (1.0)
Rare diseases segment                                                      255,017                  180,254                      74,763         41.5
Total EBITDA(1)                                                            672,750                  602,253                      70,497         11.7
(1)   Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses, depreciation, amortization and write‐downs of property, plant and equipment,
      intangible assets and goodwill, non‐recurring items and non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the
      gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.


                                                                                                                                                  66
                                                                                                  2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




The ratio of EBITDA(1) to revenue for the Specialty and Primary Care segment was 33.2% of EBITDA, while for
the rare disease segment it was 42.8%, slightly down compared to the previous periods owing to
consolidation of the results of EUSA Pharma starting from the second quarter, which at the moment has
lower margins.
Net financial charges came to € 35.9 million, up by € 9.1 million compared to the previous year, mainly due
to greater interest on loans of € 14.6 million, above all due to the new debt contracted to acquire EUSA
Pharma, partially offset by € 4.5 million in net monetary gains deriving from application of IAS 29 to business
in Türkiye. Net exchange losses totalled € 5.8 million, mainly due to the strengthening of the rouble, and are
in line with the previous year.
Income taxes amounted to € 89.1 million, up by € 11.7 million compared to the previous year, when non‐
recurring tax benefits were recognised for € 27.8 million.
Net income was € 312.3 million, with a ratio to revenue of 16.9%, down by 19.1% compared to the previous
year owing to lower operating income due to significant non‐recurring costs, to non‐cash charges mainly
arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventories,
and to higher net financial expenses.
Adjusted net income was € 473.3 million, up by 11.5%, and excludes amortization and write‐downs of
intangible assets (except software) and goodwill for a total amount of € 107.4 million, non‐recurring items of
€ 48.9 million, non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the
gross margin of acquired inventory of € 49.8 million, and net profit from hyperinflation of € 4.5 million (IAS
29), net of tax effects.
The reconciliation of net income with adjusted net income is reported below.
€ (thousands)                                                                                                      2022                     2021

Net income                                                                                                     312,336                  385,966
Amortisation and write‐downs of intangible assets (excluding software) and
goodwill                                                                                                       107,415                   70,696
Tax effect                                                                                                     (20,209)                (14,734)
Non‐recurring operating expenses                                                                                 48,923                  14,426
Tax effect                                                                                                     (12,984)                 (3,936)
Non‐cash charges from PPA inventory uplift                                                                       49,811                       ‐
Tax effect                                                                                                      (9,781)                       ‐
Monetary net (gains)/losses from hyperinflation                                                                 (4,506)                       ‐
Tax effect                                                                                                        2,301                       ‐
Non‐recurring tax income                                                                                              0                (27,771)
Adjusted net income(1)                                                                                         473,306                 424,647
(1)   Net income excluding the amortization and write‐downs of intangible assets (except software) and goodwill, non‐recurring items, non‐cash
      charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory pursuant to IFRS 3, and net
      gains/losses from hyperinflation (IAS 29), net of tax effects.



NET FINANCIAL POSITION
The net financial position at 31 December 2022 recorded net debt of € 1,419.9 million compared to net debt
of € 736.5 million at 31 December 2021, as detailed in the following table:




                                                                                                                                                67
                                                                                                   2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



€ (thousands)                                                                      31/12/2022 31/12/2021               Changes        %
                                                                                                                     2022/2021
Cash and cash equivalents                                                               284,734           244,578        40,156     16.4
Short‐term debts to banks and other lenders                                            (83,425)            (8,657)     (74,768)      n.s.
Loans ‐ due within one year(1)                                                        (279,810)         (213,486)      (66,324)     31.1
Leasing liabilities ‐ due within one year                                                (9,237)           (8,100)      (1,137)   (14.0)
Short‐term financial position                                                          (87,738)            14,335     (102,073)      n.s.

Loans ‐ due after one year (1)                                                      (1,310,600)        (735,783)      (574,817)    78.1
Leasing liabilities – due after one year                                               (21,571)         (15,091)        (6,480)    42.9
Net financial position                                                              (1,419,909)        (736,539)      (683,370)    92.8
(1)   Includes the fair value measurement of the relative currency risk hedging instruments (cash flow hedge).

The significant increase in net debt is mainly attributable to the disbursement of € 707.0 million to acquire
EUSA Pharma, which was completed on 16 March 2022. The net financial position of EUSA Pharma was
negative at the time of acquisition for around € 28.4 million, determined by cash and cash equivalents for €
53.2 million and a loan for € 78.2 million, which was fully repaid at the time the transaction was completed,
and by leasing liabilities of € 3.4 million. During 2022 € 35.0 million was paid to Tolmar International Ltd.
related to the development of a new device to make administration of Eligard® easier, 24.0 million US dollars
to Novartis, of which 14.0 million in the context of the agreements for the transfer of the assets related to
Signifor® LAR microparticle production phase, € 7.5 million in the context of the licence agreements with
Helsinn for Ledaga® and around € 20 million to acquire the brand in Italy and receive authorisation to sell
Telefil® (tadalafil). Investments in property, plant and equipment were € 39.0 million, of which € 15.2 million
relate to the right‐of‐use on leased assets, referring mainly to the Parent Company (€ 18.1 million), the
subsidiaries Recordati AG (€ 7.9 million), Casen Recordati (€ 1.9 million) and Recordati Rare Diseases Inc. (€
1.6 million). Furthermore, treasury shares were purchased for € 38.6 million, net of sales proceeds from
exercising stock options, and dividends were paid for € 230.6 million.
Free cash flow, operating cash flow before excluding these effects and financial components, came to € 439.0
million in the period, down by € 30.9 million compared to 2021, also due to non‐recurring costs incurred
during the year, as well as the increase in working capital, and inventories in particular, due to business
growth, compared to the decrease in working capital seen in 2021. The Net debt/EBITDA ratio at the end of
2022 was at 2.11.
In March, the subsidiary Recordati AG took out a loan for 40.0 million Swiss francs with UBS Switzerland AG,
at a fixed interest rate, with quarterly interest payments and semi‐annual repayment of principal starting
September 2022 through March 2025.
In the first half, the parent company finalised, in various stages, a loan for a total of € 800.0 million, with a
pool of domestic and international lenders, to support the acquisition of EUSA Pharma. The terms of the loan
provide for a variable interest rate at the 6‐month Euribor (with a zero floor) plus a variable spread based on
a step up/step down mechanism on changes in the Leverage Ratio, and a 5‐year term with semi‐annual
repayment of the principal starting 31 March 2023, with the final instalment on 3 February 2027.
Additionally, in September, the parent company issued a bond loan for € 75.0 million privately and fully
placed with companies within the Prudential Group, at a fixed interest rate and with a duration of 12 years
with five annual capital payments starting in September 2030 and maturing on 12 September 2034.
Net working capital for operations at 31 December 2022 was € 333.9 million and is broken down as follows:




                                                                                                                                     68
                                                                                                 2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



€ (thousands)                                              31/12/2022               % 31/12/2021                    %         Changes            %
                                                                                    of                              of      2022/2021
                                                                              revenue                         revenue
Trade receivables                                               361,898           19.5   307,778                  19.4            54,120      17.6
Inventories                                                     424,080           22.9   228,732                  14.5           195,348      85.4
Other current assets                                             79,302            4.3    57,864                   3.7            21,438      37.0
Current assets                                                  865,280           46.7   594,374                  37.6           270,906      45.6

Trade payables                                                  224,703            12.1         177,925            11.2           46,778      26.3
Tax liabilities                                                  33,615             1.8          29,543             1.9            4,072      13.8
Other current liabilities                                       273,085            14.7         173,074            11.0          100,011      57.8
Current liabilities                                             531,403            28.7         380,542            24.1          150,861      39.6

Net working capital for operations                              333,877            18.0         213,832            13.5          120,045      56.1

Trade receivables:
Days of exposure                                                     63                              60
Inventories as % of cost of sales                                74.8%*                           53.5%
Details and comments relative to the different components are available in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements.

*Inventories include € 92.1 million, compared to the original revaluation amount of € 141.9 million associated
with the treatment established under IFRS 3 for EUSA Pharma acquired inventory. Net of this amount and
the € 49.8 million recognised in the 2022 income statement, the impact of inventories on the cost of sales is
64.2% (or around 231 days).


RECONCILIATION BETWEEN THE PARENT COMPANY’S SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND NET
INCOME AND GROUP CONSOLIDATED SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND NET INCOME
The reconciliation between the Parent Company’s shareholders’ equity and net income and the group
consolidated shareholders’ equity and net income is as follows:
€ (thousands)                                                                           Shareholders’ equity                 Net income

                                                                                     31/12/2022 31/12/2021                  2022          2021
Recordati S.p.A.                                                                        362,988    400,644                219,233       219,109
Consolidation adjustments:
‐ Elimination margins in inventories                                                      (84,561)        (72,668)        (11,893)           3,884
‐ Related tax effect                                                                        24,120          20,445           3,675         (1,259)
‐ Other adjustments                                                                       (24,974)        (19,535)         (5,494)         (3,189)
Retained earnings of consolidated subsidiaries at beginning of the
year, net of amounts already recognized by Recordati S.p.A.                             1,201,902         974,550                  ‐             ‐
Net income for consolidated companies,
net of amounts already recognized by Recordati S.p.A.                                     271,791         291,275        271,791         291,275
Dividends received from consolidated subsidiaries                                               ‐               ‐      (164,976)       (123,854)
Write‐down of holdings in subsidiaries                                                          ‐               ‐              0               0
Translation adjustments                                                                 (205,018)       (213,086)              ‐               ‐
Consolidated financial statements                                                       1,546,248       1,381,625        312,336         385,966




                                                                                                                                               69
                                                                         2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




RELATED‐PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The Group’s direct parent is Rossini S.à r.l., with headquarters in Luxembourg, which is owned by a
consortium of investment funds controlled by CVC Capital Partners.

At 31 December 2022, the Parent Company held 3,684,033 in treasury shares equivalent to 1.76% of its share
capital, with a nominal value of € 0.125 each.
Except for what is stated above, to our knowledge, no transactions or contracts have been entered into with
related parties that can be considered significant in terms of value or conditions, or which could in any way
materially affect the accounts.
In compliance with the requirements of Art. 4, paragraph 7 of the Italian Regulations on operations with
related parties adopted with CONSOB Resolution No. 17221 of 12 March 2010 and subsequent amendments,
as well as Art. 2391‐bis, paragraph 1 of the Italian Civil Code, the Parent Company states that it has adopted
the “Procedure governing transactions with related parties”, available on the Company’s website
www.recordati.com (in the “Corporate Governance” section). For further information regarding corporate
governance, please refer to the Corporate Governance and Proprietary Assets Report, prepared in
compliance with Art. 123 bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance, approved by the Board of Directors
together with the Annual Report. Information regarding paragraphs 1 and 2 of Art. 123 bis of Italian
Legislative Decree 58/1998 can be found in the “Corporate Governance and Proprietary Assets Report”
available, in its entirety on the Parent Company’s website www.recordati.com (in the “Corporate
Governance” section).


SUBSIDIARIES OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN UNION
Pursuant to Articles 15 (ex 36) and 18 (ex 39) of the Financial Markets Regulation (as amended by CONSOB
with Resolution no. 20249 of 28 December 2018) concerning the conditions for listing companies established
and regulated under the laws of countries outside the European Union with significant relevance and for the
purposes of the consolidated financial statements, we note that, at 31 December 2022, the provisions of Art.
15 (ex 36) of the Financial Markets Regulation apply to the subsidiaries Recordati Ilaç, Recordati Rare Diseases
Inc., Rusfic LLC. Recordati AG and EUSA Pharma (UK) Ltd. that the conditions indicated in the above‐
mentioned Art. 15 (ex 36) regarding the administrative body’s certification have been met.


SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS, DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS DEROGATION
With effect from 20 December 2012, the Parent Company has decided to avail itself of the right to derogate
from the requirements of disclosing the information documents prescribed in the event of significant
transactions involving mergers, spin‐offs, capital increases through contributions in kind, acquisitions and
disposals, pursuant to Article 70, paragraph 8 and Article 71, paragraph 1‐bis of the Issuers Regulation issued
by CONSOB with Resolution 11971/1999 and subsequent amendments.


ATYPICAL AND/OR UNUSUAL TRANSACTIONS
In compliance with the CONSOB Communication dated 28 July 2006, it is noted that, during 2022, no atypical
or unusual transactions, as defined by the Communication itself, were put in place.



                                                                                                             70
                                                                           2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




MAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The identification, valuation and management of company risk is based on an Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) approach, a structured risk management process, in line with international best practice prescriptions
on the subject and in accordance with the main requisites of current rules and regulations. The criteria
applied by the Group is that of evaluating its risks in terms of their occurrence probability and impact. When
evaluating the impact of the risks on the Group, a number of dimensions, not only of economic or market
related nature, but also of a reputational nature, are taken into consideration. The level of risk is determined
taking into account the mitigation actions that the Group has implemented to protect against each risk. These
mainly structural actions are consolidated in the company’s organisation and management (organisations,
management models, control systems, procedures, etc.) or by new projects implemented to strengthen
existing safeguards. Therefore, the Group’s risk rating is determined not on the basis of inherent risk, but
residual risk, i.e. including mitigating actions.
With the creation of a catalogue of company risks, which is subject to constant review, even on more than
one occasion during the year (during important times for the Group, such as M&A projects or the approval
of the Business Plan), the objective of the Group is to classify the potential risks to which it is exposed, which
could be both of an exogenous (e.g. evolution of the rules and regulations framework, competitive pressure,
etc.) or of an endogenous kind connected with the management of the various company processes
(pharmacovigilance, production process, patent expiry, launch of new products, etc.). Among the risks
considered, are non‐financial risks referred to in Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016. These relate to risks
connected with environmental and health and safety management (damage caused by weather events and
accidents, HSE ‐ Health and Safety Executive related risks, industrial accidents), with workers’ rights and
supply chain subjects (size of the organizational structure, loss of key resources, inadequate selection of
suppliers and commercial partners, interruption of critical supplies) as well as with compliance (compliance
with international quality standards, compliance with anti‐corruption rules and specifically rules regulating
medical information and the relationship with the medical community, anti‐money laundering or export
control regulations and international economic sanctions). In particular, the latter risks of a non‐financial
nature were analyzed by the Group and classified as involving low to medium risk, always in terms of residual
risk, evaluated taking into account the probability of occurrence of a risky event and the impact of the event
if it should occur.

Results
The principal risk factors to which the Group is exposed are associated with the following macro‐categories:
         Risks associated with the external context
         Risks associated with strategy and operations
         Financial risks
         Legal and compliance risks
For each risk, the strategies and management policies are described for effective and concrete protection
and the consequent mitigation of the risk.


RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE EXTERNAL CONTEXT

Country risk, risks associated with business expansion into emerging markets
The policies pursued by the Group include the expansion of global operations in countries with the highest
potential for development and the strongest growth rates (for example Central and Eastern Europe, the
Middle East and North Africa).



                                                                                                               71
                                                                           2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



The Group is therefore exposed to country risk, a series of risks that do not concern the specific commercial
or financial counterparty but which are associated with the country where it operates or which may impact
the affordability of the operations. Country risk can be defined as the set of risks arising when an investment
is made in a foreign country, mainly attributable to the political, economic and social differences existing
between the investor’s country of origin and the country where the investment is made. In other words,
country risk has a multi‐dimensional nature and concerns all sources of potential difficulty that would not
arise while operating in the domestic market.
Operations in those countries could present risks associated with political, economic, currency, regulatory
and fiscal instabilities or discontinuities. Recordati carefully assesses all growth opportunities in all
geographies in order to mitigate exposure to these uncertainties and where possible it prefers to acquire
local companies with a smaller outlay of capital, rather than other companies that are more exposed to
country risk.
Furthermore, the export of medicinal products by the Group to countries subject to economic and trade
sanction programs by various international authorities is carried out in full compliance and conformity with
such programs. In this regard, in order to mitigate the risk of commercial and economic sanctions, the Group
continues to maintain and improve its Export Management and Control model adopted several years ago.
The Company’s risks also include geopolitical risk, the risk arising from foreign political actions that a country
implements to influence, disrupt or threaten the dynamics of internal politics, the economy and the social
policy of another country or another region.
In relation to this risk, in 2022, the Group faced the implications of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, where it
operates through one of its subsidiaries. In this context and to manage the multiple consequences of this
dramatic conflict, the Group has formed a Crisis Committee to coordinate the necessary actions to manage
the emergency and the safety of its Ukrainian employees, also by activating local internal and external
resources present and available in the countries bordering Ukraine. Simultaneously, the Corporate and local
company departments have monitored the various implications associated with or deriving from the conflict
(financial, supply chain of medicines, sanctions on exports, commercial relationships, etc.) by implementing
suitable action plans. In particular, the Company adopted an operational plan that ensures the continuity of
its Russian branch in full compliance with international sanction programs
For the aforesaid risk profiles, the evaluations and monitoring are entrusted to top management, with
support from all Corporate Departments. From an operational and organizational point of view, company‐
level monitoring is carried out by the two Business Units, Specialty and Primary Care and Rare Diseases, and
local monitoring is performed by the Regional Directors responsible for the overall supervision of the
subsidiaries and the coordination of the relative strategic activities in accordance with the Group’s corporate
structures.

Risks caused by catastrophic events (biological events, epidemics and pandemics, etc.)
The Group continues to map the risks arising from the ongoing situation caused by the COVID‐19 virus, albeit
with a sharply lower risk in light of the consolidated containment of the effects of the virus thanks to the
availability of vaccines that are also effective on the different variants occurring in 2022. Business activities
gradually returned to normal during 2022. The activities most affected in the more acute and critical stages,
such as scientific information, relations with the medical community and production and research, are once
again being carried out using pre‐pandemic methods.

Environmental risks
Of the main global risks, climate change poses a complex challenge. The increase in more and more extreme
and unpredictable weather events impacts the planet and society with potential medium/long‐term
repercussions on various sectors and companies.


                                                                                                               72
                                                                         2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



In this sense, Recordati recognises, above all, the need for awareness of a potential evolving trend in climate
change at the global level, which will require an increasingly more proactive role of the Group by taking
responsibility, defining targets, implementing activities to improve and protect the environment where the
Company operates and constantly monitoring changes in regulations and standards of reference.
Therefore, within its risk catalogue, Recordati currently classifies Climate Change as a risk with no concrete
or relevant impact on business operations, and it has been assessed by the Company as a medium‐low risk.
In relation to this potential risk, the Group, also in coordination with the ESG Manager, has adopted specific
policies, activities and targets intended to help protect the environment and mitigate climate change in
general.
Specifically, these include:
          continuous monitoring of ongoing changes in the relevant laws, regulations, and standards;
          defining environmental objectives within the Group’s sustainability strategy (e.g. increasing
              renewable energy purchases, installing renewable energy production systems, implementing
              projects to increase energy efficiency, etc.).
Furthermore, the Group has All Risk Property insurance policies in place to cover the risks of direct damage
(damage to buildings, machinery, and goods) and indirect damage (loss of earnings from accidents) in order
to hedge any losses arising from potential shutdowns or damage to the production cycle.
For more details, please see the 2022 Consolidated Non‐Financial Statement: Chapter 6 “The Group’s Focus
on the Environment” and Chapter 2, section “Sustainability Plan”.

Risks associated with changes in legislation and regulations governing the pharmaceutical sector
The pharmaceuticals sector is heavily regulated locally, nationally and internationally. This significantly
impacts activities at all levels.
Group sales consist predominantly of products subject to medical prescription which are reimbursed by
national health care services or other medical insurance schemes which are, however, primarily of a public
nature. While on the one hand this situation protects the Group from general economic trends, on the other
it exposes it to changes in local legislation governing public spending on health care. For many years the
Group has pursued a policy of diversifying and expanding its sales in several geographical markets and in
products not reimbursed by public health care schemes in order to mitigate dependency on decisions by
single national governments to control spending on pharmaceuticals.
The pharmaceuticals sector is also characterised by the presence of national and international technical
standards which regulate pharmaceutical research and development, production and promotion. The Group
implements a policy to constantly monitor changes in regulations on all the markets where it operates, with
dedicated organisational units in the Parent Company and in subsidiaries to implement efficient coordination
mechanisms and information flows designed to identify and rapidly adopt the most appropriate response
strategies.

Risks associated with market competition
The Group, like any company operating in the pharmaceuticals sector, is subject to competition from
products which could determine a contraction in its market share. This competitive pressure derives from
new pharmaceuticals launched by competitors in the same therapeutic classes in which the Group is present
and also from generic versions of pharmaceuticals being marketed once patents expire.
While the Group monitors the market continuously to detect the introduction of competing pharmaceuticals
in advance, it also manages risk by pursuing a policy to progressively diversify and broaden the range of its
product portfolio, in order to reduce dependency on a small number of strategic pharmaceutical products
and increase the presence in the product portfolio of OTC products and treatments for rare diseases.

                                                                                                            73
                                                                           2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH STRATEGY AND OPERATIONS

Risks associated with the internationalization of the Group
The Group currently operates in a growing number of countries and is therefore subject to risks arising from
the complexity of conducting operations in delocalized areas.
In order to address this situation, the Group has put a management system in place with central units which
integrate, monitor and coordinate the operations of local units, with operational and marketing powers
conferred to be exercised in compliance with guidelines and within limits indicated by the Group. Group
policies and procedures have been formalized which provide corporate guidelines for the management of
the main company processes which must be complied with by all subsidiaries.

Risks associated with the expiry of patents
The pharmaceuticals industry makes large investments in research and development and as a consequence,
it enjoys a high degree of protection on its intellectual property. Therefore, the expiry of patents covering
important pharmaceuticals in product portfolios and the consequent introduction onto the market of generic
versions exposes companies to reductions in revenues which can be significant. In order to counter the
reduction in revenues as a result of competition from generic pharmaceuticals, the Group is pursuing a
diversification strategy based on the reinforcement of its pipeline, the launch of new products in the
therapeutic areas of major interest and the expansion of its operations onto new markets with high growth
rates.

Risks associated with investments in research and development
The competitive positioning of the Group depends on the continuous development of its product portfolio
through the research and development of new molecules and pharmaceutical products in which it invests a
substantial part of its resources.
Given the complexity, length of time involved and the intrinsic nature of these initiatives, it is not possible to
be certain that investments in research and development will always produce the expected results, because
the research conducted may fail or the necessary authorisations to market products may not be obtained or
the pricing and reimbursement conditions may not be satisfactory.
In order to mitigate exposure to these risks, the Group constantly monitors the intermediate results
generated at the various stages of the research and development process, in order to select and move
forward only on the most reliable initiatives that have the highest probability of an economic return and
success.
Furthermore, health technology evaluations have been introduced during the clinical development phases
in order to effectively support the negotiations with the relevant authorities regarding reimbursement
conditions for the products.
Finally, the costs for investments in research and development are fully expensed on a prudential basis in the
accounting period when they are incurred.

Risks associated with the launch of new products
A risk exists in the pharmaceuticals sector that delays in the development process, or in the issue of the
necessary authorizations by regulatory authorities, may result in product launches occurring behind schedule
with a consequent possible impact on the expected profitability of the product and/or delay in the
achievement of growth targets.



                                                                                                               74
                                                                           2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



In order to mitigate that risk Recordati pursues two policy lines. One is to broaden and balance its pipeline
of products, implemented by acquiring pharmaceuticals that are already registered or are about to be
registered, or of new products at different stages of development. The other is to pursue a plan of
geographical diversification designed to limit dependence on the regulatory authorities of a single country.

Risks associated with pharmacovigilance
The Group, as a holder of drug marketing authorizations, must comply with regulations on
pharmacovigilance. These regulations require that holders of marketing authorizations submit to the
regulatory bodies information regarding drug safety, within the time limits and in the manner established by
these, with particular regard to adverse reactions. The ascertainment of serious adverse drug reactions can
expose the Group to the risk of restrictions being placed on the prescription of a drug, and in the most
significant cases, authorization to market the product can be revoked.
In order to efficiently handle this risk and to comply with national regulations in the countries where the
Group operates, Recordati has assigned specific pharmacovigilance responsibilities within its organizations
and has put integrated systems in place to collect, assess, manage and submit the information required to
the competent authorities.
Following the introduction of even more stringent regulatory requirements, there has generally been a
constant reinforcement of the internal structure, with dedicated resources in terms of organisational
structure, tools, training, procedures, etc., and even better coordination with subsidiaries and partners and
centralised evaluation of pharmacovigilance information.

Risks associated with the production process
The Group has production plants which produce both intermediate products and active ingredients and also
finished pharmaceutical products. The risks connected with these activities are of a diverse nature and could
result in the interruption of production, damage to the plant, delays in the production cycle or risks linked to
the denial of regulatory authorizations. As protection against these risks, first of all, production activities are
carried out in strict compliance with internationally established Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs)
implemented through Standard Operating Procedures applicable to the pharmaceutical sector and are
submitted to monitoring and inspection by the relevant national and international authorities.
The Group’s production sites are provided with adequate structures and qualified personnel, in accordance
with the requirements of the sector’s standards, to ensure that the production of medicinal specialties and
active ingredients is carried out in compliance with good manufacturing practice (GMP) and with specific
internal procedures and rules in force.
In particular, the Group’s main production site in Campoverde di Aprilia (Italy) regularly passes successfully
inspections carried out by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and other national and international
authorities.

Risks associated with the interruption of the production process
Production is by its nature exposed to potential risks of interruption which, if they were to have significant
or long lasting effects – caused for example by natural disasters, fires, the revocation of production permits
and licenses, malfunctioning of plant and equipment, interruptions in the supply of important raw materials
or energy – could have adverse consequences on the continuity and regularity of sales.
In order to mitigate the effects of long lasting interruptions in production processes, the Group has an
effective asset protection policy in place (through precise plant maintenance plans and adequate systems to
automatically detect and put out fires) and has production plants with adequate capacity and flexibility to
handle changed planning requirements.


                                                                                                                75
                                                                           2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



Furthermore, the Group uses only reliable suppliers, approved as complying with the relevant technical
standards. It also constantly monitors the availability of raw materials and strategic excipients, in order to
promptly identify potential local or worldwide “out‐of‐stock” situations and to take the necessary action
(supply and/or production backups) to guarantee production autonomy. In addition, the company has
reinforced its organization within the Procurement, Supply Chain and Contract manufacturing areas with the
presence of dedicated professional staff.
Furthermore, in order to reduce losses resulting from potential interruptions or damage to production cycles,
the Group has taken out “All risk property” insurance policies which cover direct damages (such as damages
to buildings, machines and goods) as well as indirect damages (such as a loss in profit as a consequence of
accidents).
Despite the normalisation of the situation created by the COVID emergency, the regulatory framework and
the effects of the most recent variants at the local level in the various subsidiaries are continuously monitored
to ensure production continuity and employee safety.

Health, safety and environmental risks
Chemical and pharmaceutical production is subject to obligations to comply with environmental, health and
safety rules and regulations. To ensure the correct application of these rules and regulations, the Group has
in place organizational units specifically dedicated to prevention, verification and continuous monitoring as
regards compliance with the structural technical standards (related to equipment, plant, the workplace,
chemical, physical and biological agents) in addition to activities regarding health surveillance, security
vigilance, workers training and information and the procurement of the documents and certificates required
by law. Specifically, the Italian chemical‐pharmaceutical plant in Campoverde di Aprilia and the Tunisian
pharmaceutical plant have an ISO 14001‐certified environmental management system. Opalia Pharma’s
production plant in Tunisia also obtained ISO 45001 certification for its management system for workplace
health and safety.
The Company’s control and governing bodies are periodically informed by the responsible functions of any
accidents that occurred and the activities undertaken to mitigate such accidents.

Risks associated with the management of information technology resources and data security
Today’s pervasiveness of information technology for the management of business and the necessary
connection between company information systems and external information infrastructures (web and
networks) exposes said systems to potential risks, both related to the availability, integrity and confidentiality
of the data as well as to the availability and efficiency of the information systems.
In the global scenario, cyber attacks continue to increase, and ransomware attacks in particular are becoming
more sophisticated and targeted.

In order to guarantee effective operational continuity, the Group has implemented a disaster recovery and
business continuity system which ensures the immediate replication of the principal legacy systems’
workstations.
Furthermore, the active safety of the company’s data and software is guaranteed by multiple protection
levels of a physical and logical nature, at both server and client level.

The risk catalogue includes and monitors the risk of cyber attacks and cyber fraud. To combat this risk the
Group has already introduced technological and organisational control measures.
The Company subjects its infrastructure to continuous VAPT (Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Test)
analysis and to additional IT security audits undertaken by independent technicians. The outcome of this
analysis has always shown the Company’s information systems to be adequately protected.



                                                                                                               76
                                                                          2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



Instead, as regards fraud through the use of information technology resources by external individuals, the
Company continues to provide training and information for employees in order to create awareness on the
correct use of the resources and applications assigned to their use.
In the course of 2022, with the extensive use of remote working initially launched due to the COVID‐19
pandemic, the Company increased new security levels for servers and clients (e.g. MFA ‐ multi‐factor
authentication, or PAM ‐ Privileged Access Management) in order to minimize the risk of cyber fraud.
Security incidents are managed through the adoption of a new dedicated Cyber Security Incident
Management policy.
The Company also commissioned a leading IT consultancy firm to conduct an assessment of the security of
remote connections; the report found the protection to be adequate according to international standards.


FINANCIAL RISKS

Credit Risk
Credit risk is exposure to potential losses resulting from commercial counterparties failing to meet their
obligations and geographical areas with specific dynamics and peculiarities (for example Russia and Tunisia).
The Group closely controls its credit exposure through the allocation of credit limits to each single customer
and an internal reporting system.

Interest Rate Risk
The Group raises funds using debt and invests excess cash in money market and other financial instruments.
The fluctuation of interest rates, as we saw in late 2022, influences the cost and returns of the debt and
investment instruments, therefore affecting the Group’s net financial expenses.
The significant expansion of the Group into countries with different economic dynamics from the Euro (for
example Türkiye, Russia and Tunisia) leads to an increase in risk.
The Group’s policy is to limit the risk arising from interest rate fluctuations by establishing medium/long‐
term fixed interest loans or variable interest loans. Variable interest loans are covered with derivative
financial instruments (for example interest rate swaps) for the sole purpose of minimizing such fluctuations
and are not for speculation.
This hedging policy limits the Group’s exposure to the risk of fluctuations in interest rates.

Foreign Currency Risk
The Group operates in an international context and is affected by assets and transactions denominated in
foreign currency other than euro. It is therefore exposed to risks of foreign currency fluctuations which can
affect its operating results and the value of its equity. The diversification strategy enacted by the Group
results in a progressive higher exposure to trade transactions in foreign currency with respect to the Group’s
business volume. Many of the Recordati Group companies are exposed to a limited level of exchange risk
linked to operations because in each country most of cash flows generated both by sales and by expenses
are denominated in the currency of the relative country. For the sole purpose of hedging and not for
speculation, the Group engages in forward contracts for the purchase and sale of currencies to cover
amounts at risk.

Liquidity Risk
The liquidity risk to which the Group may be exposed is represented by the inability to raise sufficient
financial resources for its ongoing business and for the development of its industrial and commercial
activities. The two main factors which determine the Group’s liquidity are, on the one hand, the cash

                                                                                                           77
                                                                           2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



generated or absorbed by operations and by investments, and on the other, the expiry and renewal terms of
debt or the degree of liquidity of financial investments and market conditions.
Despite the worsening of the market conditions due to recourse to debt, the Group has readily available
liquidity for its operations and plentiful lines of credit granted by a number of leading Italian and international
financial institutions.
The terms and conditions of the Group’s loans and its financial assets are set out in Notes 18, 22 and 31 which
address, respectively, short‐term financial investments, cash and cash equivalents, loans and bank
overdrafts. The Group believes that the funds and credit lines currently available, in addition to those
generated by operations and financing activities, are sufficient to meet investment needs, working capital
requirements and the repayment of debts at their natural due dates.


LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS
Risks associated with product liability
Despite rigorous compliance with standards and regulations, like any company operating in the
pharmaceuticals sector, the Group could be exposed to risks of claims for damages caused by its
pharmaceuticals.
In order to meet those potential liabilities, the Group has taken out insurance policies to cover all the
products marketed and under development. The maximum liability limits are considered adequate and are
constantly monitored with the help of analyses and market research conducted by leading insurance brokers.

Risks associated with compliance
The heavily regulated pharmaceutical sector poses a compliance risk to each and every activity performed
by the Group throughout the entire life cycle of a product, from research and development, to production,
to the scientific information provided. To safeguard against non‐compliance risks, the Company has in place
an internal control system, composed of a series of procedures and structured and organic organizations in
order to control the monitoring of risks of non‐compliance with laws, rules and regulations, guarantee correct
and transparent information to the market, as well as prevent and limit the consequences of unexpected
results, whilst focusing on achieving the Company’s objectives.
The structural aspects of internal control and risk management comprise: the Code of Ethics, that defines the
principles and values at the base of the Company’s ethics, as well as the behavioural rules in respect of said
principles; the system for the delegation of powers based on general and special powers of attorney and
internal delegations, corresponding to the responsibilities assigned by the Company’s operational
procedures; the Information systems supporting administration and production activities as well as the
accounting and financial processes.
All operating and marketing activities performed by the Group, both in Italy and abroad, are performed in
compliance with the legislation and regulations that apply in the geographical areas in which it operates,
including national and international technical standards that apply to the pharmaceuticals sector which
regulate pharmaceutical research and development, production, distribution and promotion.
With regard to the regulation of drug promotion activities, the Group has formulated a set of ethical rules of
conduct. All Company personnel are continuously informed of those rules and monitoring, both internally
and by independent certifiers, is performed constantly to ensure that they are properly observed.
In compliance with Legislative Decree 231/2001 on the administrative liability of legal entities, the Italian
companies in the Group have an “Organisation, Management and Control Model” that is continuously
updated to comply with the latest amendments to the relevant legislation. Analogous models have been
adopted by other foreign subsidiaries in compliance with local regulations.

                                                                                                                78
                                                                         2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS



Regarding the risk of corruption, the Group has implemented a specific operational and behavioural plan for
all its subsidiaries which defines the necessary measures to mitigate the risk of corruption.
Regarding anti‐terrorism, the Group has implemented a Policy to monitor and handle transactions with
counterparts residing in countries subject to sanctions or embargo.
In relation to personal data management, the Group has adopted a management model that includes Group
Policies, a dedicated organisation and communication channels in compliance with the European GDPR.
Regarding the Code of Ethics and the Anti‐corruption and Organisation, Management and Control Models,
the Group provides continuous training on specific compliance issues to all employees.

Risks associated with legal action
It is always possible that the Group may be required to meet costs resulting from various types of litigation.
In these cases, the Group may be called upon to pay extraordinary costs with consequences for operating
and financial results.
A detailed description of ongoing litigation is given in Notes 29 and 38 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                           79
                                                                                                2022 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL ASSETS




BUSINESS OUTLOOK

On 21 February, the Board of Directors of Recordati S.p.A. approved the plan for the 2023‐2025 three‐year
period. The Recordati group will continue to pursue its strategy, focused on organic growth of its current
portfolio, accompanied by acquisitions and business development projects to strengthen the Group’s
position in the segments in which it works, with growth in the rare diseases segment expected to reach 35‐
40% of total revenue by 2025. The Group also intends to pursue pipeline opportunities to accelerate future
growth past 2025 while also maintaining high profits, investing in new skills and life‐cycle management with
lower development risks (new indications).

In 2023, the targets are to achieve revenue between € 1,970 and € 2,030 million, EBITDA(1) between € 700
and € 730 million, with an EBITDA margin of around 36% and adjusted net income(2) between € 470 and €
490 million.

For 2025, including the contribution of acquisitions and new licensing agreements which could be finalised
during the period in question, revenue between € 2,250 and € 2,350 million is expected, as well as EBITDA(1)
between € 810 and € 850 million, with an EBITDA margin of around 36% and adjusted net income(2) between
€ 550 and € 580 million. The ratio of net debt to EBITDA should fall between 1.7 and 2.0.



                                                                                              Milan, 16 March 2023


                                                                                              for the Board of Directors
                                                                                              Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                              Robert Koremans




(1)   Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses, depreciation, amortization and write‐downs of property, plant and equipment,
      intangible assets and goodwill, non‐recurring items and non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to
      the gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.
(2)   Net income excluding the amortization and write‐downs of intangible assets (except software) and goodwill, non‐recurring items, non‐cash
      charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory pursuant to IFRS 3, and
      monetary net gains/losses from hyperinflation (IAS 29), net of tax effects.




                                                                                                                                              80
2022 Financial Statements
                                                                                                            2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Annual report

RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEARS ENDED 31
DECEMBER 2022 AND 31 DECEMBER 2021

INCOME STATEMENT
€ (thousands) (1)                                                                          Note                     2022                2021


Net revenue                                                                                     3             1,853,307           1,580,074
Cost of sales                                                                                   4             (566,737)           (427,727)
Gross profit                                                                                                  1,286,570           1,152,347
Selling expenses                                                                                4             (462,665)            (396,394)
Research and development expenses                                                               4             (220,102)            (166,138)
General and administrative expenses                                                             4             (109,493)             (84,495)
Other income/(expenses), net                                                                    4              (56,984)             (15,130)
Operating income                                                                                                437,326              490,190
Financial income/(expenses), net                                                                5               (35,891)            (26,841)
Pre‐tax income                                                                                                  401,435             463,349
Income taxes                                                                                    6               (89,099)            (77,383)
Net income                                                                                                      312,336             385,966
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Parent                                                                                    312,336             385,966
Non‐controlling interests                                                                                             0                   0
Earnings per share (euro)
Basic                                                                                                              1.519               1.874
Diluted                                                                                                            1.494               1.846
(1) Except amounts per share.
    Basic earnings per share base is calculated on the average number of shares outstanding in the respective years, 205,582,127 for 2022 and
    206,011,089 for 2021. These amounts are calculated deducting treasury shares, the average of which was 3,543,029 for 2022 and 3,114,067 for
    2021.
    Diluted earnings per share is calculated taking into account stock options granted to employees.


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                            82
                                                                               2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 AND 31 DECEMBER 2021

ASSETS
€ (thousands)                                                         Note     31 December 31 December
                                                                                      2022        2021

Non‐current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                            7          159,184     131,120
Intangible assets                                                        8        1,758,173   1,138,786
Goodwill                                                                 9          780,057     553,209
Other equity investments and securities                                 10           28,871      34,124
Other non‐current assets                                                11            9,556      32,937
Deferred tax assets                                                     12           76,895      75,922
Total non‐current assets                                                          2,812,736   1,966,098

Current assets
Inventories                                                             13          424,080     228,732
Trade receivables                                                       14          361,898     307,778
Other receivables                                                       15           63,915      44,880
Other current assets                                                    16           15,387      12,984
Derivative instruments measured at fair value                           17           23,603      11,149
Cash and cash equivalents                                               18          284,734     244,578
Total current assets                                                              1,173,617     850,101
Non‐current assets held for sale                                        19           12,470           ‐

Total assets                                                                      3,998,823   2,816,199


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                      83
                                                                               2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 AND 31 DECEMBER 2021

SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
€ (thousands)                                                           Note   31 December    31 December
                                                                                      2022           2021


Shareholders’ equity
Share capital                                                                        26,141        26,141
Share premium reserve                                                                83,719        83,719
Treasury shares                                                                   (149,559)     (126,981)
Reserve for derivative instruments                                                    5,249         (974)
Translation reserve                                                               (205,018)     (213,086)
Other reserves                                                                       62,260        60,207
Profits carried forward                                                           1,524,099     1,275,962
Net income                                                                          312,336       385,966
Interim dividend                                                                  (112,979)     (109,329)
Shareholders’ equity attributable to equity holders of the Parent         20      1,546,248     1,381,625
Shareholders’ equity attributable to non‐controlling interests            21              0             0
Total shareholders’ equity                                                        1,546,248     1,381,625

Non‐current liabilities
Loans ‐ due after one year                                                22      1,341,549       760,473
Provisions for employee benefits                                          23         19,418        21,010
Deferred tax liabilities                                                  24        167,865        26,675
Total non‐current liabilities                                                     1,528,832       808,158

Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                            25        224,703       177,925
Other payables                                                            26        251,136       145,170
Tax liabilities                                                           27         33,615        29,543
Other current liabilities                                                 28          5,740         6,508
Provisions for risks and charges                                          29         16,209        21,396
Derivative instruments measured at fair value                             30         17,369        14,156
Loans ‐ due within one year                                               22        291,546       223,061
Short‐term debts to banks and other lenders                               31         83,425         8,657
Total current liabilities                                                           923,743       626,416

Total shareholders’ equity and liabilities                                        3,998,823     2,816,199


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                      84
                                                                                                            2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME RECOGNISED IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
FOR FINANCIAL YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 AND 31 DECEMBER 2021

 € (thousands) (1)                                                                                              2022                    2021

 Net income                                                                                                 312,336                 385,966
 Gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges, net of tax effects                                                       6,223                   1,685
 Gains/(losses) on translation of foreign financial statements                                                8,068                   4,217
 Gains/(losses) on equity‐accounted investees, net of tax effects                                            (5,004)                (10,823)
 Other changes, net of tax effects                                                                             1,263                   (627)
 Income and expenses recognized in shareholders’ equity                                                      10,550                  (5,548)
 Comprehensive income                                                                                       322,886                 380,418
 Attributable to:
 Equity holders of the Parent                                                                               322,886                 380,418
 Non‐controlling interests                                                                                        0                       0
 Per‐share data (euro)
 Basic                                                                                                         1.571                   1.847
 Diluted                                                                                                       1.544                   1.819

(2) Except amounts per share.
    Basic earnings per share base is calculated on the average number of shares outstanding in the respective years, 205,582,127 for 2022 and
    206,011,089 for 2021. These amounts are calculated deducting treasury shares, the average of which was 3,543,029 for 2022 and 3,114,067 for
    2021.
    Diluted earnings per share is calculated taking into account stock options granted to employees.



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                            85
                                                                                                      2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN GROUP SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 AND 31 DECEMBER 2021


                                 SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
€ (thousands)         Share       Share   Treasury Reserve for Translation   Other       Profits        Net     Interim       Non‐          Total
                     capital   premium      shares derivative     reserve reserves      carried     income     dividend controlling
                                reserve            instrument                          forward                            interests
                                                             s

Balance at 31
December 2020        26,141      83,719    (87,516)   (2,659)   (217,303)   70,707 1,151,053        354,984 (103,143)          277    1,276,260



Allocation of 2020
net income                                                                             354,984     (354,984)                                   0
Dividend
distribution                                                                          (216,123)                 103,143               (112,980)
Change in share‐
based payments                                                                 558       4,524                                              5,082
Purchase of
treasury shares                           (101,820)                                                                                   (101,820)
Sale of treasury
shares                                      62,355                                     (19,843)                                            42,512
Interim dividend                                                                                               (109,329)              (109,329)
Other changes                                                                  392       1,367                                (277)         1,482
Comprehensive
income                                                 1,685       4,217 (11,450)                   385,966                            380,418
Balance at 31
December 2021        26,141      83,719 (126,981)      (974)    (213,086)   60,207 1,275,962        385,966 (109,329)            0    1,381,625



Allocation of 2021
net income                                                                             385,966     (385,966)                                   0
Dividend
distribution                                                                          (226,538)                 109,329               (117,209)
Change in share‐
based payments                                                               5,794       2,457                                              8,251
Purchase of
treasury shares                            (52,267)                                                                                    (52,267)
Sale of treasury
shares                                      29,689                                     (16,041)                                            13,648
Interim dividend                                                                                               (112,979)              (112,979)
Other changes                                                                          102,293                                         102,293
Comprehensive
income                                                 6,223       8,068    (3,741)                 312,336                            322,886
Balance at 31
December 2022        26,141      83,719 (149,559)      5,249    (205,018)   62,260 1,524,099        312,336 (112,979)            0    1,546,248


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                      86
                                                                               2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AND 31 DECEMBER 2021
€ (thousands)                                                                         2022           2021

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income                                                                         312,336        385,966
Income taxes                                                                        89,101         77,383
Net interest                                                                        30,679         17,752
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                       27,289         25,294
Amortization of intangible assets                                                   98,467         72,291
Write‐downs                                                                         10,934             52
Equity‐settled share‐based
payment transactions                                                                  8,251          5,082
Other non‐monetary components                                                        70,751         12,925
Change in other assets and other liabilities                                       (16,811)       (15,516)
Cash flow generated/(used) by operating activities
before change in working capital                                                   630,997        581,229
Change in:
     -    inventories                                                              (65,801)         17,506
     -    trade receivables                                                        (21,175)       (43,786)
     -    trade payables                                                             25,589         46,335
Change in working capital                                                          (61,387)         20,055
Interest received                                                                     1,938            291
Interest paid                                                                      (20,093)       (18,279)
Income taxes paid                                                                  (89,764)       (91,646)
Cash flow generated/(used) by operating activities                                 461,691        491,650

INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES
Investments in property, plant and equipment                                       (23,887)       (21,852)
Disposals of property, plant and equipment                                            1,156            161
Investments in intangible assets                                                   (72,452)       (65,508)
Disposals of intangible assets                                                        1,318              4
Acquisition of holdings in subsidiaries                                           (673,259)          (304)
Cash flow generated/(used) by investment activities                               (767,124)       (87,499)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Opening of loans                                                                  1,356,970        219,065
Repayment of loans                                                                (803,543)      (288,546)
Payment of lease liabilities                                                        (10,225)        (9,153)
Change in short‐term debts to banks and other lenders                                 67,296        (1,259)
Dividends paid                                                                    (230,602)      (216,742)
Purchase of treasury shares                                                         (52,267)     (101,820)
Sale of treasury shares                                                               13,648        42,512
Cash flow generated/(used) by financing activities                                  341,277      (355,943)
Change in cash and cash equivalents                                                   35,844        48,208
Opening cash and cash equivalents                                                   244,578        188,230
Currency translation effect                                                            4,312          7,661
Effect of merger                                                                           ‐            479
Closing cash and cash equivalents                                                   284,734        244,578

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                       87
                                                                                       2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES

     NOTES
     TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31
     DECEMBER 2022

     1. GENERAL INFORMATION
        The consolidated financial statements of the Recordati group for the year ended 31 December 2022
        were prepared by Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A. (the “Company” or the “Parent
        Company”), with headquarters at Via Matteo Civitali no. 1, 20148 Milan, Italy, and was approved by the
        Board of Directors’ on 16 March 2023, which authorized distribution to the public. The document is
        available at the registered office.
        The consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with the International Accounting
        Standards (“IFRS”) issued or revised by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and
        endorsed by the European Union, and with the Italian regulations implementing article 9 of Italian
        Legislative Decree no. 38/2005. In order to better represent the Group’s operations, the profit and loss
        accounts are classified by function, while they are classified by nature in the financial statements of the
        Parent. The distinction between current and non‐current was adopted for the presentation of assets
        and liabilities in the balance sheet. In preparing the cash flow statement, the indirect method was used.
        Details regarding the accounting standards adopted by the Group are specified in Note 2.
        The consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2022 comprise those of the Parent Company and
        all its subsidiaries. The companies included in the consolidation scope, the consolidation method
        applied, their percentage of ownership and a description of their activity are set out in Note 41.
        In 2022, the scope of consolidation changed following the parent company's acquisition of EUSA Pharma
        (UK) Limited (“EUSA Pharma”) with its eleven subsidiaries, including EUSA Pharma Brasil, which was
        subsequently liquidated in the second half of the year. EUSA Pharma is a leading pharmaceutical
        company with a portfolio of four products in the niche and rare cancer segment. Following completion
        of the acquisition on 16 March 2022, consolidation of economic results began on 1 April 2022, with a
        contribution of € 136.0 million to net revenue over nine months, while equity figures were consolidated
        for the first time on 31 March and are broken down in Note 34. The new company Recordati Rare
        Diseases FZCO was also established in the Middle East during the period.
        These financial statements are presented in euro (€), rounded to thousands of euro, except where
s.      indicated otherwise.


     2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
        The financial statements were prepared in accordance with the International Accounting Standards
        (“IFRS”) issued or revised by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and endorsed by the
        European Union and with the Italian regulations implementing Article 9 of Italian Legislative Decree no.
        38/2005, in continuity with what was done for the consolidated financial statements at 31 December
        2021, with the exception of the adoption of the new standards and amendments in force from 1 January
        2022 described in the following paragraph “Application of new standards”. The Group did not adopt any
        new standard, interpretation or amendment in advance that was issued but not yet in force.




                                                                                                                88
                                                                                2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




The financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis because the Directors verified the non‐
existence of indicators of a financial, operational or other nature which could signal critical issues on the
Group’s ability to meet its obligations in the foreseeable future and, in particular, in the next twelve
months. Specifically, in making the estimates and assumptions related to the preparation of the
consolidated financial statements, the impacts, including potential ones, deriving from the war in
progress between Russia and Ukraine. The Group operates on the Russian market, in compliance with
current regulations, with revenue in 2022 totalling 6.0% of the Group's total revenue, as well as on the
Ukrainian market, with revenue in 2022 accounting for 0.6% of the total. The Group continues to
monitor the conflict, as well as any geopolitical developments and related consequences on corporate
strategies, to adopt mechanisms to protect its competitive position, investments, corporate
performance, and resources. In light of the analysis done, also in consideration of the achievement of
the expected results and the relevant sector, in preparing these financial statements, no effects were
currently identified that could have a significant impact on the financial statement figures. With regard
to the COVID‐19 pandemic, to face the emergency, in Italy, and subsequently also in other countries,
since 2020, the Group has implemented all possible measures and initiatives to guarantee the supply of
medicines to its patients and the safety of its employees, while also succeeding in obtaining results in
line with forecasts. Even as the epidemiological situation improves, the Group is ready to implement
appropriate actions to guarantee business continuity in the case it becomes necessary.
The financial statements for the consolidated companies, prepared by the Board of Directors or the Sole
Director for submission to the respective Shareholders’ Meetings, have been reclassified and adjusted
as required in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards. The criteria applied is
consistent with that of the consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2021.
The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for the financial assets
available for sale included under the line “Other equity investments and securities”, derivative financial
instruments (and the relative underlying hedged financial liability) for which their fair value has been
applied as prescribed by IFRS 9 and defined benefit plans for which the actuarial valuation was carried
out as prescribed by IAS 19.


Economies experiencing hyperinflation
The Group controls companies based in Türkiye, a country in which, following a long period of inflation
rates under observation, has now reached a situation in which the presence of hyperinflation is the
consensus, in line with the international accounting standards, starting in the first half of 2022. In fact,
the local currency of Türkiye has experienced significant devaluation and accelerated inflation, with
cumulative levels for consumer price indices reaching 156% over the last three years. Based on the
parameters mentioned above, as of 1 January 2022 the relevant standard IAS 29 has been applied,
“Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies”, the effects of which are seen in the Group’s
consolidated results at 31 December 2022.
In particular, in accordance with the standard, the restatement of balance sheet values as a whole
require application of specific procedures and an evaluation process.
For the income statement, all items were restated applying the change in the general level of prices in
effect at the date on which the revenue and costs were initially recorded in the financial statements at
the reporting date. For the purpose of converting the income statement thus restated into euro, the
exact exchange rate at 31 December 2022 was applied consistently instead of the average exchange rate
for the period. Effects deriving from the application of this standard for the final results for the Turkish
subsidiaries led to a positive increase in revenue of € 0.8 million and a negative impact on net profit of
€ 6.9 million.
With regard to the balance sheet, the cash elements have not been restated, as they were already
expressed in the unit of measurement as at the closing date of the period. Non‐cash assets and liabilities
were instead revalued from the date on which the assets and liabilities were initially recognised until



                                                                                                          89
                                                                                2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




the end of the period. This led to the recognition of gain of € 4.5 million, which was allocated to the
income statement among net financial income/(expense), while the effects of first‐time application of
the standard at 1 January 2022 were registered directly as an equity component for € 59.3 million. At
31 December 2022, the total effect on equity was € 79.4 million, net of impairment of goodwill for € 5.4
million.


Application of new accounting principles
Several amendments applied for the first time in 2022 but had no impact on the Group’s consolidated
financial statements. These included:
 Onerous Contracts – Costs of Fulfilling a Contract – Amendments to IAS 37
An onerous contract is a contract in which the unavoidable costs (e.g. costs which the Group cannot
avoid as they are a part of the contract) of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the
economic benefits expected to be received under it.
The amendment clarifies that when determining whether a contract is onerous or generates losses, an
entity must consider the costs that relate directly to the contract for the supply of goods and services,
including incremental costs (e.g. the direct cost of labour and materials) and costs directly attributable
to contractual activities (e.g. depreciation of equipment used to fulfil the contract, as well as costs to
manage and supervise the contract). General and administrative expenses are not directly associated
with a contract and are excluded, unless they can explicitly be charged back to the counterparty based
on the contract.

 Reference to the Conceptual Framework – Amendments to IFRS 3
The purpose of the amendments is to replace references to the Framework for the Preparation and
Presentation of Financial Statements with references to the Conceptual Framework for Financial
Reporting published in March 2018, without making significant changes to the requirements of the
standard. The Board has also added an exception to IFRS 3 evaluation principles to avoid the risk of
potential “day after” losses or profits falling within the scope of IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 Levies if contracted
separately. The exemption requires entities to apply the requirements of IAS 37 or IFRIC 21, rather than
those of the Conceptual Framework, to determine whether a current obligation exists at the acquisition
date. The amendment also added a new section to IFRS 3 to clarify that potential assets are not classified
as assets that can be recognised on the acquisition date.

 Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds Before Intended Use – Amendments to IAS 16
The amendments prohibit entities from deducting from the cost of an element of property, plant and
equipment any revenue from products sold during the period in which the asset is brought to the
location or the conditions necessary for it to operate in the manner intended by management. On the
other hand, an entity recognises revenue deriving from the sales of such products and the costs to
produce such products in the income statement.

 IFRS 9 Financial Instruments – Fees in the ’10 per cent’ test for derecognition of financial liabilities
This amendment clarifies which fees an entity includes when determining whether the terms and
conditions of a new or modified financial liability are substantially different from the original conditions
of the financial liability. These fees include only those paid or received between the debtor and lender,
including fees paid or received by the debtor or the lender on behalf of third parties. No similar
amendment has been proposed with reference to IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and
Measurement.




                                                                                                             90
                                                                                 2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Use of estimates
The preparation of the financial statements by management requires estimates and assumptions to be
made, based on management’s best judgement, that affect the reported amounts of revenues,
expenses, assets, liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. If in the future these estimates and assumptions differ from the actual circumstances, they
will be amended as appropriate when circumstances change.
The balance sheet accounts which require, more than others, a higher degree of subjectivity on the part
of management when making estimates and for which a change in the conditions underlying the
assumptions used could have a significant impact on financial data are hereunder briefly described.
 Goodwill: according to the accounting standards applied by the Group, goodwill is subject to annual
  impairment testing in order to ascertain whether a reduction in value has occurred. These tests
  require, on the part of management, subjective evaluations based on available information within
  the Group and from the market, as well as historical experience. They also depend on factors that
  could change over time, influencing the valuations and estimates made by management.
  Furthermore, when it has been determined that a potential reduction in value may have occurred,
  the Group proceeds to determine it by using the evaluation methods deemed to be most adequate.
 Provisions for risks: the identification of the existence or not of a current obligation (legal or implicit)
  is not easy to determine in some cases. Management evaluates these events on a case‐by‐case basis
  together with an estimate of the amount of financial resources required to comply with the
  obligation. When management considers that the generation of a liability is only possible, the risks
  are disclosed in the appropriate information section on risks and liabilities, and no accruals are made.
 Deferred tax assets: recording is supported by a recovery plan based on hypotheses and assumptions
  which management considers to be reasonable.
 Inventories: inventories which appear to be obsolete or slow‐moving are periodically tested and
  written down if their recoverable value in less than their book value. Write‐downs are based on
  assumptions and estimates which derive from experience and the historical results obtained.
 Financial instruments: trade receivables are reduced by their relative provision for bad debts in order
  to take into account their effective recoverable value. The determination of the amounts to be
  written down requires that management make subjective evaluations which take into account past
  events, current conditions and expectations of future economic conditions.
  In general, the methods for the calculation of the fair value of financial instruments, for accounting
  or disclosure purposes, are summarized below with regard to the main categories of financial
  instruments:
   – Derivative financial instruments: pricing models are adopted based on the market values of the
       interest rates;
   – Receivables and payables and unlisted financial assets: for financial instruments with maturity at
       more than 1 year, the discounted cash flow method was applied (discounting to the present the
       expected cash flows in consideration of the current interest rate conditions and creditworthiness)
       to determine the fair value on “first recognition”. Further measurements are made based on the
       amortized cost method;
   – Listed financial instruments: the market value at the reporting date is used.
   In relation to financial instruments measured at fair value, IFRS 13 requires the classification of these
   instruments according to the standard’s hierarchy levels, which reflect the significance of the inputs
   used in establishing the fair value. The following levels are used:
 Level 1: unadjusted assets or liabilities subject to valuation on an active market;
 Level 2: inputs other than prices listed under the previous point, which are observable directly
  (prices) or indirectly (derivatives from the prices) on the market;
 Level 3: input which is not based on observable market data.




                                                                                                           91
                                                                               2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements for the Parent Company and the
enterprises controlled by it, prepared at 31 December each year. Control is attained when the Group is
exposed or has the right to variable returns originating from its relationship with the investee entity, at
the same time, having the capacity to affect these returns, exerting its power over that entity.
Specifically, the Group controls an investee if and only if the Group has:
 investment power over the entity (i.e. holds valid rights that give it the ability to actually manage
  business relevant to the investee entity);
 exposure or rights to variable returns originating from the relationship with the investee entity;
 the ability to exert power over the investee entity to affect the total returns.
Generally, it is presumed that having the majority of voting rights leads to control. In support of this
assumption and when the Group does not hold the majority of voting (or similar) rights, the Group
considers all the relevant facts and circumstances to establish whether it controls the investee entity,
including:
 Contractual agreements with other voting rights holders;
 Rights originating from contractual agreements;
 The Group's voting rights and potential voting rights.
The Group reconsiders whether it has control of an investee or not if the facts and circumstances
indicate that there have been changes in one or more of the three relevant factors which define control.
Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group gains control of it and ceases when the Group loses
control. The assets, liabilities, revenue and costs of the subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the
year are included in the consolidated financial statement from the date the Group obtains control until
the date the Group can no longer exert control over the company.
The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared according to the same accounting standards
adopted by the Parent Company. Where necessary, consolidation adjustments are made to bring the
accounting policies used in line with those used by the Company.
All intercompany transactions and balances between group enterprises, including unrealized gains, are
eliminated on consolidation. Unrealized losses are also eliminated, unless they cannot be recovered
later.
The consolidation is made with the full line‐by‐line method. The criteria adopted for the application of
this method include, among others:
a. elimination of the book value of investments in consolidated companies against the related
   shareholders’ equity and the assumption at the same time of all their assets and liabilities;
b. elimination of intercompany payables and receivables and transactions, as well as intercompany
   profits and losses not yet realized;
c. any excess of the cost of acquisition over the value of equity at the date of acquisition is recognized
   as goodwill;
d. non‐controlling interests in the equity of consolidated subsidiaries are shown separately under
   equity, while non‐controlling interests in the net income of these companies are shown separately
   in the consolidated income statement.

The financial statements of foreign subsidiaries expressed in currencies other than Euro are translated
into Euro as follows:
 assets and liabilities, with the exception of shareholders’ equity, at year‐end exchange rates;
 shareholders’ equity at historical exchange rates, for year of formation;
 income and expense items at the average exchange rates for the year;



                                                                                                        92
                                                                             2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 the goodwill resulting from the acquisition of a foreign company is recognized in the currency of the
  country in question and translated at year‐end exchange rates.
Translation differences arising from this process are shown in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.

Balance Sheet
Property, plant and equipment – Property, plant and equipment is sated at purchase cost less
accumulated depreciation and any recognized impairment loss. Reviews are performed when events or
situations occur which indicate that the carrying amount of the assets can no longer be recovered (see
paragraph on impairment).

Depreciation is computed on a straight‐line basis using rates which are held to be representative of the
estimated useful life of the assets:
 Industrial buildings 2.5% ‐ 5.5%
 Plant and machinery 10% ‐ 17.5%
 Other equipment 12% ‐ 40%
Gains or losses arising from the disposal or retirement of an asset are determined as the difference
between the sales proceeds and the net carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in income.


Leasing ‐ The Group applied IFRS 16, using the modified retrospective approach.

Accounting model for lessee ‐ At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease
component, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease and non‐lease
component on the basis of its related stand‐alone price. The Group recognizes a right‐of‐use asset and
a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right‐of‐use asset is initially measured at cost,
which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or
before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to
dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is
located, less any lease incentive received.
The right‐of‐use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight‐line method from the
commencement date to the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the
underlying asset to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost of the right‐of‐use asset reflects
that the Group will exercise a purchase option. In this case the right‐of‐use asset will be depreciated
over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis of those of property,
plant and equipment. In addition, the right of use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if
any, and adjusted to reflect any changes deriving from remeasurements of the lease liability.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at
the commencement date, discounted using the interests rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
readily determined, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its
incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.
The Group determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external
financing sources and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and type of the assets
leased.
The payments due for the lease included in the measurements of the lease liability comprise:
 fixed payments (including substantially fixed payments);




                                                                                                      93
                                                                                 2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate
  at the commencement date;
 amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and
 the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease
  payments in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension
  option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to
  terminate early.
The lease liability is measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured
when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a
change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee,
if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination
option or if there is a revised in‐substance fixed lease payment.
When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying
amount of the right‐of‐use asset. If the carrying amount of the right‐of‐use asset has been reduced to
zero, the lessee recognises the change in the profit/loss for the year.
The Group presents right‐of‐use assets that do not meet the definition of investments property in
“Property, plant and equipment” and lease liabilities in “Loans” in the balance sheet.


Short‐term leases and leases of low value assets ‐ The Group has elected not to recognise right‐of‐use
assets and lease liabilities for leases of low value assets and short‐term leases, including IT equipment.
The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight‐line
basis over the lease term.


Intangible assets ‐ An intangible asset is recognized in the accounts only if identifiable, likely to generate
future economic benefits and its cost can be reliably determined. Intangible assets are recognized at
purchase cost, net of amortization calculated on a straight line basis and on the basis of their estimated
useful life which, however, cannot exceed 20 years. Patents, licenses and know‐how are amortized as
from the year of the first sale of relevant products. Amortization of distribution and license rights is
calculated over the duration of the contract, using the following rates which are held to be
representative of the estimated useful life of the assets.
 Industrial patent rights and marketing authorizations 5% ‐ 33%
 Distribution licenses, trademarks and similar rights 5% ‐ 25%.

Goodwill ‐ Goodwill arising on consolidation represents the excess of the cost of acquisition over the
Group’s interest in the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of a subsidiary, associate or
jointly‐controlled entity at the date of acquisition. Transaction costs associated with a business
combination are not considered acquisition costs, but are recognized as expenses in the year they are
incurred. Goodwill is recognized as an asset and subjected annually to an impairment test in order to
determine any loss of value. This test is performed with reference to a cash‐generating unit, or CGU, to
which goodwill is attributed and at the level at which it is monitored.
Goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is included within the carrying amount of the
associate.
On disposal of a subsidiary, associate or jointly‐controlled entity, the attributable amount of remaining
goodwill is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal.




                                                                                                           94
                                                                                 2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Impairment ‐ At each reporting date, or more frequently if necessary, the Group reviews the carrying
amounts of its tangible and intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that these
assets have suffered an impairment loss. If these indications exist, the recoverable amount of these
assets is estimated to determine the amount of the write‐down. Where it is not possible to estimate the
recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash‐
generating unit to which the asset belongs.
The recoverable amount is the greater of net selling price and value in use. In assessing value in use, the
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using an after‐tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. In
the context of determining estimated future cash flow, the Group takes into consideration risks
associated with issues linked to climate change, including applicable regulations, assessing whether
these may have a significant impact on estimates of the recoverable value and, when necessary,
including the effects on cash flow forecasts for estimates of value in use.
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash‐generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
amount, the carrying amount of the asset (cash‐ generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
Impairment losses are recognized as an expense immediately.
When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (cash‐generating
unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount. However, the increased carrying
amount cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss
been recognized. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized as income immediately. Losses resulting
from the impairment of goodwill cannot be reversed.


Equity investments in associates ‐ An associate is an enterprise over which the Group is in a position to
exercise significant influence, but not control, through participation in the financial and operating policy
decisions of the investee. The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in the
consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting.


Financial instruments
Recognition and measurement
Trade receivables and debt securities issued are initially recognized when they are originated. All other
financial assets and liabilities are initially recognized when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
provisions of the financial instrument. A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a
significant financing component) or financial liability is initially measured at fair value plus or minus, for
an item not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the
financial asset or liability. A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially
measured at the transaction price.


Classification and subsequent measurement
Financial assets
On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified on the basis of its measurement: amortized cost; fair
value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) ‐ debt security; (FVOCI) ‐ equity security; or at fair
value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”).
Financial assets are not reclassified after their initial recognition, unless the Group changes its business
model for management of financial assets. In this case, all the financial assets involved are reclassified
on the first day of the year following the change in the business model.




                                                                                                           95
                                                                               2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




A financial asset must be measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is
not designated as at FVTPL:
 it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows;
  and
 its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
  and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
A financial asset must be measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not
designated as at FVTPL:
 it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash
  flows and selling financial assets; and
 its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
  and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably
elect to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in other comprehensive income. This
choice is made for each asset.
All financial assets not classified as measured at amortized cost or at FVOCI, as indicated above, are
measured at FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition, the Group may
irrevocably designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at
amortized cost or at FVOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
mismatch that would otherwise arise.

Financial assets: subsequent measurement and gains and losses
 Financial assets measured at FVTPL
   These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including any interest
   or dividend income, are recognized in profit or loss for the year.
 Financial assets measured at amortized cost
  These assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost in conformity with the effective interest
  criterion. The amortized cost is decreased by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange
  gains and losses and impairment are recognized in profit or loss, as are any gains or losses on
  derecognition.
 Debt investments measured at FVOCI
  These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income calculated using the
  effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognized in
  profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognized in other comprehensive income. On
  derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
  profit or loss.
 Equity securities measured at FVOCI
  These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognized as income in profit
  or loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other
  net gains and losses are recognized in other comprehensive income and are never reclassified to
  profit or loss.


Financial liabilities: classification, subsequent measurement and gains and losses
Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortized cost or at FVTPL. A financial liability is
classified as at FVTPL when it is held for trading, represents a derivative or is designated as such at the
moment of initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and




                                                                                                        96
                                                                               2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




losses, including any interest expense, are recognized in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are
subsequently measured at amortized cost in using the effective interest criterion. Interest expense and
foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is
also recognized in profit or loss.


Derecognition
Financial assets
The Group derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial
asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which
substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which
the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it
does not retain control of the financial asset.
The Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers assets recognized in its statement of financial
position, but retains either all or substantially all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets. In
these cases, the assets transferred are not derecognized.


Financial liabilities
The Group derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled,
or expire. The Group derecognizes a financial liability also in the case of a change in the related
contractual terms and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially different. In this case, a
new financial liability is recognized at fair value on the basis of the modified contractual terms.
On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount extinguished and
the consideration paid (including any non‐cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is recognized in
profit or loss.


Offsetting
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of
financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the
amounts and it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability
simultaneously.


Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
The Group holds derivative financial instruments to hedge its foreign currency and interest rate risk
exposures.
Derivative instruments are initially measured at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives
are measured at fair value, and changes therein are generally recognized in profit or loss.
The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments to hedge the variability in cash flows
associated with highly probable forecast transactions arising from changes in foreign exchange rates and
interest rates and certain derivatives and non‐derivative financial liabilities as hedges of foreign
exchange risk on a net investment in a foreign operation. At inception of designated hedging
relationships, the Group documents the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the
hedge. The Group also documents the economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging
instrument, including whether the changes in cash flows of the hedged item and hedging instrument
are expected to offset each other.




                                                                                                         97
                                                                                2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Cash flow hedges
When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging instrument, the effective portion of changes in
the fair value of the derivative is recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
hedging reserve. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative that is recognized in
other comprehensive income is limited to the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item,
determined on a present value basis, from inception of the hedge. Any ineffective portion of changes in
the fair value of the derivative is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting or the hedging instrument is sold, expires,
is terminated or is exercised, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. When hedge
accounting for cash flow hedges is discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in the hedging
reserve remains in equity until, for a hedge of a transaction resulting in the recognition of a non‐financial
item, it is included in the cost of the non‐financial item on its initial recognition or, for other cash flow
hedges, it is reclassified to profit or loss in the same period or periods as the hedged expected future
cash flows affect profit or loss.
If the hedged future cash flows are no longer expected to occur, then the amounts that have been
accumulated in the hedging reserve and the cost of hedging reserve are immediately reclassified to
profit or loss.


Net investment hedges
When a derivative instrument or a non‐derivative financial liability is designated as the hedging
instrument in a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, the effective portion of, for a
derivative, changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument or, for a non‐derivative, foreign exchange
gains and losses is recognized in other comprehensive income and presented in the translation reserve
within equity. Any ineffective portion is recognized immediately in profit or loss. The amount recognized
in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment on
disposal of the foreign operation.


Inventories ‐ Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, where the market value
of raw materials and subsidiaries is their substitution cost while that related to finished goods and work‐
in‐process is their net realizable value. Inventories of raw materials, supplies and promotional material
are valued at their average acquisition cost including costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their
location and condition at year end. Inventories of work‐in‐process and finished goods are valued at their
average manufacturing cost which includes the cost of raw materials, consumables, direct labour and
indirect costs of production.
Inventories are written‐down if market value is lower than cost as described above or in the case of
obsolescence resulting from slow moving stocks.


Cash and cash equivalents ‐ Cash in banks on demand and short‐term highly liquid investments
measured at market value.


Non‐current assets classified as held for sale and discontinued operations – These consist of components
of an entity, whose operations and cash flows can be distinguished operationally and for financial
reporting purposes, which have either been disposed of or satisfy the criteria to be classified as held for
sale.




                                                                                                          98
                                                                                2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




A non‐current asset (or disposal group) classified as held for sale is measured at the lower of fair value
less costs to sell it and its carrying amount. Non‐current assets or disposal groups that are classified as
held for sale are not depreciated.


Shareholders’ equity ‐ Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
received. Dividends distributed by the Parent Company are recognized as payables at the moment of
the resolution to distribute them. The purchase cost and selling price of treasury shares are recognized
directly in equity and are therefore not recognized in the income statement.


Provisions for employee benefits ‐ Employee benefits are recognized on the basis of the results of the
measurements made according to what is established by the accounting standard IAS 19. The liability
recognized in the balance sheet for post‐employment benefit plans is the present value of the defined
benefit obligation, as adjusted for unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and unrecognized past service
cost. In particular the Projected Unit Credit Method is applied.


Provisions for risks and charges ‐ Provisions for risks and charges made when the Group has a present
obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle
the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount can be made.


Transactions in foreign currencies ‐ Transactions in currencies other than the euro are initially recognized
at the exchange rates prevailing on the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in such currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the reporting date. Gains and
losses arising on exchange are included in net profit or loss for the period. Non‐monetary assets and
liabilities recognized at the exchange rates prevailing on the dates of the transactions are not
retranslated on the reporting date.
On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign currency operations are translated at
the exchange rates prevailing on the reporting date. Income and expense items are translated at the
average exchange rates for the period. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognized in the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income and included in the item “reserve from translation of
financial statements in foreign currencies”. This reserve is recognized as income or as expenses in the
period in which the subsidiary is disposed of.


Income statement
Revenue ‐ Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer. The
Group recognizes revenue when it transfers control over a good or service to a customer. Revenues are
stated net of discounts, rebates and returns.
Information about the nature and the timing of the satisfaction of performance obligations in contracts
with customers and the related revenue recognition policies are as follows.
Revenues mainly comprise product sales and revenue from licensing‐out agreements. Product sales
represent net invoice value less estimated rebates, returns and chargebacks and are recognized when
control of the goods has been transferred to a third party. This is usually when ownership passes to the
customer, either on shipment or on receipt of goods by the customer, depending on the specific trading
terms.




                                                                                                          99
                                                                               2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Revenue from licensing‐out agreements includes income from collaborative arrangements on the
Group’s products where the Group has licensed certain rights associated with those products, but
retains a significant ongoing economic interest, through for example the ongoing supply of finished
goods. Income may take the form of up‐front payments, profit sharing and royalties. Where control of
a right to use of intangible assets passes at the outset of an arrangement, revenue is recognized at one
point in time. Where the substance of an arrangement is that of a right to access intangible assets,
revenue is recognized over time, normally on a straight‐line basis over the life of the contract. Where
the Group provides ongoing services (i.e. supply of products), revenue in respect of this element is
recognized over the duration of these services. Sales performance milestones are accounted for when
the licensee achieves the sales target, so these are recognized at one point in time. Royalties received
from the licensee are accounted for when the licensor is entitled to the payment, so these are to be
recognized at one point in time.


Cost of sales ‐ This represents the cost of the goods sold. It includes the cost of raw materials, supplies
and consumables, finished goods, and direct and indirect production expenses.


Selling expenses ‐ These include all expenses incurred in connection with the products sold during the
year, such as payroll and other costs for sales and marketing personnel, promotional expenses and all
distribution costs.


Research and development expenses ‐ Research and development costs are expensed in the income
statement in the year in which they are incurred in accordance with IAS 38, except the cases for which
the same IAS 38 prescribes the capitalization. IAS 38 prescribes that development costs must be
capitalized when, in relation to the products of the activity, technical and commercial feasibility is
achieved with high probability of success and future economic benefits are probable. These costs include
amounts due under collaboration agreements with third parties.


Grants from public bodies ‐ Public grants towards investment in plant are recognized as income over the
periods necessary to match them with the related costs and are presented in the balance sheet as
deferred income. Operating grants, including those for research, are booked on an accrual basis and are
recognized in the income statement as “other revenue”.


Transactions involving share‐based payments ‐ As prescribed by IFRS 2, stock option plans for the benefit
of Group employees are considered part of their remuneration, the cost of which is the fair value of the
stock options at the date they are granted. This cost is recognized in profit and loss linearly distributed
over the vesting period with a counter‐item booked directly to equity.


Financial income and expenses ‐ These include interest income and expenses, foreign exchange gains
and losses, both realized and unrealized, and differences arising from the valuation of securities. Interest
income and expenses are recognized in profit and loss using the effective interest method.


Taxes ‐ Income taxes are the sum of current and deferred taxes. Current taxes are based on taxable
profit for the year and the tax rates in force at the reporting date are applied.




                                                                                                        100
                                                                                   2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   Deferred taxes are taxes expected to be payable or recoverable on temporary differences between the
   carrying amount of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used
   in the computation of taxable income. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized all taxable
   temporary differences, while deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent to which it is considered
   probable that there will be taxable fiscal results in the future that will enable the use of the deductible
   temporary differences. Assets and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary differences derive from
   goodwill.
   Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the liability is
   settled or the asset realized. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the income statement, except when
   it relates to items charged or credited directly to equity, in which case the deferred tax is also recognized
   in equity.
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
   authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.


   Earnings per share ‐ Earnings per share is the net income for the period attributable to ordinary
   shareholders divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.
   Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the number of shares outstanding for the effects of
   all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


3. NET REVENUE
   The Group's revenue is derived from contracts with customers and is not subject to significant seasonal
   fluctuations.
   Total net revenue in 2022 was € 1,853.3 million, up by 17.3% compared to 2021. The increase is mainly
   due to revenue for € 136.0 million following the consolidation of the portfolio of rare oncology products
   acquired with EUSA Pharma, consolidated as of the second quarter of the year, as well as strong organic
   growth in sales in both business segments.
   Revenue can be detailed as follows:
   € (thousands)                                                     2022              2021           Changes
                                                                                                    2022/2021
   Net sales                                                     1,838,646        1,536,231           302,415
   Royalties                                                         8,309            5,436              2,873
   Upfront payments                                                  2,118            6,055            (3,937)
   Various revenue                                                   4,234           32,352           (28,118)

   Total net revenue                                             1,853,307        1,580,074           273,233


   The effect of applying IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies” to activities in Türkiye
   caused a positive effect on sales revenue of € 0.8 million.
   Revenue for up‐front payments is related to the activity of licensing and distribution of products in the
   portfolio and is recognized when it accrues along the time horizon of collaboration with customers.
   Revenue for up‐front payments of € 2.1 million recorded in 2022 refers mainly to marketing agreements
   for Cystadrops® (cysteamine hydrochloride) (€ 0.7 million), for lercanidipine (€ 0.6 million) and the
   combination lercanidipine+enalapril (€ 0.2 million). The remaining balance of amounts already paid in
   advance by customers, which will be recognized for accounting purposes as revenue in future periods,



                                                                                                            101
                                                                               2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




is recognized under deferred revenue (see Note 28, Current liabilities) and amounted to € 3.9 million (€
5.9 million at 31 December 2021).
In 2021, “Various revenue” included € 26.2 million, corresponding to the sales margin for Eligard® — a
medicinal product for the treatment of prostate cancer — earned by Astellas Pharma Europe Ltd., as the
previous licensee, and retroceded to Recordati following the January 2021 contract between Tolmar
International Ltd. and Recordati S.p.A. for the assignment of the new product license. Following the
gradual transfer to direct sales starting in the second quarter of 2021, revenues associated with Eligard®
for 2022 are entirely classified under the item “Net sales”.
In the tables below, net revenue is disaggregated by product or product class and by geographic area by
country. The tables also include a reconciliation of the disaggregated revenue with the Group's
reportable segments.


PRODUCT OR PRODUCT CLASS

€ (thousands)        Specialty and Specialty and         Rare           Rare         Total          Total
                     Primary Care Primary Care       diseases       diseases
                              2022          2021         2022           2021         2022           2021
Zanidip®                  130,521        136,736                                   130,521       136,736
Zanipress®                 37,486         41,188                                    37,486        41,188
Urorec®                    60,702         60,685                                    60,702        60,685
Livazo®                    44,073         42,761                                    44,073        42,761
Seloken®/Logimax®          97,806         98,057                                    97,806        98,057
Eligard®                  104,081         85,268                                   104,081        85,268
Other corporate
products                  188,821        170,563                                   188,821       170,563
Drugs for rare
diseases                                              595,785       383,852        595,785       383,852
OTC                       300,697        277,037                                   300,697       277,037
Local product
portfolios                237,130        223,209                                   237,130       223,209
Other revenue               7,330         12,236                                     7,330        12,236
Pharmaceutical
chemicals                  48,875         48,482                                    48,875        48,482

Total net revenue       1,257,522      1,196,222      595,785       383,852      1,853,307      1,580,074




                                                                                                      102
                                                                               2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   GEOGRAPHIC AREA BY COUNTRY

   € (thousands)       Specialty and Specialty and        Rare          Rare          Total         Total
                       Primary Care Primary Care      diseases      diseases
                                2022          2021        2022          2021          2022          2021

   Pharmaceutical revenue
   Italy                   249,503        239,441      23,216         18,803        272,719      258,244
   France                  134,443        120,550      34,655         31,138        169,098      151,688
   Russia, Ukraine,
   other CIS               118,607         94,954      13,070          4,641        131,677       99,595
   Germany                 128,223        132,079      39,392         20,789        167,615      152,868
   Spain                   118,612        106,596      24,018         13,438        142,630      120,034
   Türkiye                  64,557         65,486       9,786          4,821         74,343       70,307
   Portugal                 50,073         43,550       3,392          1,882         53,465       45,432
   Other Eastern
   European
   countries               107,164        102,211      21,661          9,837        128,825      112,048
   Other Western
   European
   countries                84,321         75,799      52,374         28,558        136,695      104,357
   North Africa             34,709         34,086       2,955          1,816         37,664       35,902
   Other
   international sales     118,435        132,988     110,811        71,226         229,246      204,214
   U.S.A.                        ‐              ‐     260,455       176,903         260,455      176,903
   Total
   pharmaceutical
   revenue               1,208,647      1,147,740     595,785       383,852       1,804,432     1,531,592

   Pharmaceutical chemicals revenue
   Italy                      2,652         4,833            ‐             ‐          2,652        4,833
   Other European
   countries                 14,353        17,138            ‐             ‐         14,353       17,138
   U.S.A.                     7,572         5,554            ‐             ‐          7,572        5,554
   America (U.S.A.
   excluded)                  4,725         4,762            ‐             ‐          4,725        4,762
   Australasia               16,990        14,517            ‐             ‐         16,990       14,517
   Africa                     2,583         1,678            ‐             ‐          2,583        1,678
   Total chemical
   pharmaceuticals
   revenue                   48,875        48,482           0              0         48,875       48,482

   Total net revenue      1,257,522     1,196,222     595,785       383,852        1,853,307    1,580,074


4. OPERATING EXPENSES
   Total operating expenses for 2022 amounted to € 1,416.0 million, up compared to the € 1,089.9 million
   of 2021, and are classified by function as follows:




                                                                                                     103
                                                                               2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




€ (thousands)                                               2022                 2021              Changes
                                                                                                 2022/2021
Cost of sales                                            566,737              427,727               139,010
Selling expenses                                         462,665              396,394                66,271
Research and development expenses                        220,102              166,138                53,964
General and administrative expenses                      109,493               84,495                24,998
Other (income)/expenses, net                              56,984               15,130                41,854

Total operating expenses                               1,415,981            1,089,884               326,097

The cost of sales totals € 566.7 million, up compared to the previous year and representing 30.6% of
revenue, higher than the 27.1% in 2021. The higher ratio was due mainly to the revaluation in line with
the provisions of accounting standard IFRS 3 of the EUSA Pharma inventories acquired, the negative
effect of which on the income statement calculated on the basis of the units sold in the period amounted
to € 49.8 million, the effect of € 9.1 million for the application of IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in
Hyperinflationary Economies” to activities in Türkiye and the effect of € 9.9 million for the gradual switch
to direct sales for Eligard®, starting in the second quarter of 2021, and now sold directly by Group
companies.
Selling expenses increased by 16.7% due to the consolidation of EUSA Pharma, the recovery of
promotional activities compared to the previous year (which was still affected by the COVID‐19
pandemic) and the increased resources needed to support the growth of endocrinology products. This
increase was nonetheless partially offset by the benefits of the efficiency measures put in place at the
end of 2021 with regard to the organization of the Specialty and Primary Care sector sales force,
primarily in Germany and Türkiye. Expenses as a percentage of revenue came down slightly compared
to the previous year due to a positive revenue performance.
Research and development expenses were € 220.1 million, an increase of 32.5% compared to 2021,
owing both to the integration of the EUSA Pharma expenses (including € 18.5 million of amortization of
intangible fixed assets) and to the increase in investments in support of products for endocrinology.

General and administrative expenses increased by 29.6% owing to the integration of EUSA Pharma and
the strengthening of the general coordination structure to support an increasingly complex portfolio
resulting from recent acquisitions.
The following table summarizes the more significant components of “Other net (income)/expenses”.

€ (thousands)                                              2022                    2021            Changes
                                                                                                 2022/2021
Non‐recurring costs:
‐ EUSA Pharma acquisition                                 20,317                      ‐              20,317
‐ restructuring                                           23,340                 11,732              11,608
‐ Ukraine emergency                                        2,229                      ‐                2,229
‐ COVID‐19 pandemic                                          661                  2,453              (1,792)
‐ reverse merger                                               0                    241                (241)
Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill              10,934                     52              10,882
Other                                                      (497)                    652              (1,149)

Other (income)/expenses, net                              56,984                 15,130              41,854




                                                                                                        104
                                                                              2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Under the terms of the CONSOB Communication of 28 July 2006, on events, transactions and matters
which are non‐recurring or do not occur frequently in the normal course of business we can note:
 the costs associated with the acquisition of EUSA Pharma mainly relate to Tech Transfer fees, a
  specific insurance policy to cover potential risks from limitations of warranties provided by previous
  shareholders and management of the company during the due diligence process, and the registry tax
  paid on the acquisition.
 the costs linked to targeted restructuring of the Specialty & Primary Care sector field force, in
  particular in Italy, Germany and France, impacting around 170 FTE;
 the costs incurred to support the Ukrainian population after the start of the war with Russia and for
  the COVID‐19 epidemic, for donations in favour of hospitals and national health services, but also to
  make work environments safe and for the purchase of personal protective equipment;
In compliance with the CONSOB Communication dated 28 July 2006, it is noted that, during 2022, there
were no atypical or unusual transactions, as defined by the Communication.
Impairment mainly refers to goodwill of the Turkish cash generating unit for € 5.4 million (see Note 9),
the intangible asset Fortacin® for € 2.2 million, following the reduction in future expected cash flow and
the license obtained from ARS Pharmaceuticals for € 2.8 million, following the start of negotiations to
return the rights with consequent reclassification of the recoverable value among “non‐current assets
held for sale” (see Note 19).
Total operating expenses are broken down by nature as follows:

€ (thousands)                                             2022                 2021             Changes
                                                                                              2022/2021
Material consumption                                   402,278              326,980               75,298
Payroll costs                                          324,320              276,886               47,434
Other employee costs                                    48,691               30,836               17,855
Variable sales expenses                                125,144              113,551               11,593
Amortization and write‐downs                           136,690               97,637               39,053
Utilities and consumables                               41,825               35,663                6,162
Other expenses                                         337,033              208,331              128,702

Total operating expenses                              1,415,981           1,089,884              326,097


The proportion of raw material consumption to net revenue was 21.7%, up compared to the 20.7% of
2021. This increase was mainly determined by the effect of hyperinflation in Türkiye of € 9.1 million and
by the different sales method adopted for Eligard®. While in 2022, revenue was almost all derived from
direct sales made by Recordati, in the first half of 2021, it was mainly made up of the transfer to
Recordati of gross profit made by the previous licensee Astellas.
Personnel costs increased compared to 2021 due to the integration of EUSA Pharma personnel and pay
increases recognised in the initial months of the year. The item “Payroll costs” includes € 8.3 million in
charges for stock option plans, up by € 3.2 million compared to the previous year due to more
beneficiary employees. The average number of employees in 2022 was 4,253, which is less than the
4,270 of 2021. There were 4,369 employees as at 31 December 2022, up when compared to the 4,303
at the end of 2021.
Starting in 2019, some Group employees were designated as beneficiaries of an incentive plan with a 5‐
year vesting period, granted and entirely funded by Rossini Luxembourg S.à r.l., an indirect shareholder
of Recordati S.p.A., and will benefit from a return at the expiry of the plan term if they have met a
number of performance conditions. The measurement according to the accounting standard IFRS 2 led



                                                                                                      105
                                                                                  2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   to an expense in the 2022 income statement of € 1.4 million, which also includes the incentive plan
   granted by Rossini Luxembourg S.à r.l. to the Chief Executive Officer of the Recordati Group.
   Amortisation and depreciation come to € 125.8 million, of which € 98.5 million for intangible assets, up
   by € 26.2 million compared to the previous year, in large part due to the effects of the EUSA Pharma
   acquisition, and € 27.3 million for property, plant and equipment, up by € 2.0 million compared to the
   amount in 2021.
   The change in “Other expenses” is mainly attributable to higher non‐recurring items and to the non‐
   cash charges of € 49.8 million arising from the release of the purchase price allocation of EUSA Pharma
   to the gross margin of acquired inventories pursuant to IFRS 3.


5. NET FINANCIAL INCOME AND EXPENSES
   In 2022 and 2021 the net balance of financial components was negative respectively of € 35.9 million
   and € 26.8 million.
   The main items are summarized as follows:

   € (thousands)                                               2022             2021                  Changes
                                                                                                    2022/2021
   Interest expense on loans                                 31,306            16,661                   14,645
   Net exchange rate (gains)/losses                            5,804            5,817                      (13)
   Net (income)/expense on short‐term positions                2,290            3,481                   (1,191)
   Expenses on leases                                            852              759                        93
   Expenses for defined benefit plans                            145              123                        22
   Turkish hyperinflation effects (IAS 29)                   (4,506)                ‐                   (4,506)

   Total net financial (income)/expenses                     35,891            26,841                    9,050


   The increase in interest expense on loans was mainly due to the opening of new debt by the Parent
   Company to make the investment in EUSA Pharma. During the first quarter two distinct loans had been
   taken out for an overall total of € 650.0 million: loan of € 200.0 million with a term of 5 years and a
   “Bridge Facility” of € 450.0 million with a maximum term of 12 months, extendible at the Company’s
   discretion for a further 6 months, to enable in the meantime to enter into definitive loan instruments.
   On 28 June 2022 the loan of € 200.0 million was modified increasing the total debt to € 800.0 million
   with the involvement of other credit institutions and the “Bridge Facility” loan was repaid entirely.
   Treatment of transactions based on IFRS 9 led to total charges of € 15.8 million accruing in 2022, partially
   offset by savings on loans repaid.
   Note number 22 contains the details of the loan contracts.


6. INCOME TAXES
   Income taxes, at € 89.1 million, include income taxes levied on all consolidated companies, as well as
   the regional tax on production (IRAP) which is levied on all companies domiciled in Italy, and increased
   by € 11.7 million compared to 2021, when non‐recurring tax benefits of € 27.8 were recognised.

   In 2019, the Parent Company signed an advance agreement with the Italian Tax Authority to define the
   calculation methods and criteria for a discount on taxable income connected with the direct use of
   intangible assets for the 2015 to 2019 tax years. As in the previous year, again in tax year 2022, Recordati




                                                                                                           106
                                                                               2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   S.p.A. took part in the reverse charge regime with reference to the same assets as in 2015‐2019 (with
   the exception of expired patents and brands excluded in the meantime from the objective scope of
   subsidy). The Company, operating in line with the previous years, determined the tax benefit pertaining
   to 2022, recognised to reduce the tax amounts, as € 6.3 million.

   The current standard corporate income tax rate in Italy can be reconciled with the tax rate effectively
   incurred on consolidated pre‐tax income, as follows:

                                                                                    2022            2021
                                                                                       %               %
   Standard income tax rate on pre‐tax income of the Parent Company                  24.0            24.0
   Dividends from foreign subsidiaries                                                 0.5             0.3
   Foreign tax rate differential                                                     (1.8)           (1.5)
   ACE from reverse merger                                                           (0.4)           (3.2)
   Revaluation of Magnesio Supremo®                                                      ‐           (2.9)
   Realignment of Reuflor®                                                               ‐           (0.3)
   Tax benefit provided by the so‐called “Patent box” in Italy                       (1.6)           (1.4)
   Other differences, net                                                              0.1             0.1
   Effective tax rate on income                                                      20.8            15.1
   IRAP                                                                               1.4             1.6
   Effective tax rate on pre‐tax income                                              22.2            16.7


   IRAP is levied only on Italian companies and is computed applying an average rate of 5.12% to a broader
   taxable base calculated before the deduction of interest.


7. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
   The composition and change to property, plant and equipment, including the valuation of the right to
   use the assets conveyed under leases, are shown in the table below.




                                                                                                      107
                                                                               2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




€ (thousands)                               Land and     Plant and        Other Investments         Total
                                            buildings   machinery    equipment in progress

Cost
Balance at 1 January 2021                     90,930      241,577       98,712        21,817     453,036
Additions                                       2,188        2,931        6,957       16,643       28,719
Disposals                                     (1,668)      (3,355)      (5,924)        (139)     (11,086)
Other changes                                     944        2,387           (9)    (11,166)      (7,844)
Balance at 31 December 2021                   92,394      243,540       99,736        27,155     462,825
Additions                                     12,058         2,483        7,170       17,330       39,041
Disposals                                     (3,074)      (1,236)      (5,874)        (326)     (10,510)
Change to scope of consolidation                2,716            0        2,093            0        4,809
Write‐downs                                     (313)            0             0           0        (313)
Hyperinflation Türkiye                        12,277       13,220         3,639            0       29,136
Other changes                                   (799)          100          150      (3,269)      (3,818)
Balance at 31 December 2022                  115,259      258,107      106,914        40,890     521,170

Accumulated amortization
Balance at 1 January 2021                     51,670      200,268       67,848            0      319,786
Amortization for the year                       5,972        8,336      10,986            0        25,294
Disposals                                     (1,601)      (3,325)      (5,679)           0      (10,605)
Other changes                                   (339)      (1,764)        (667)           0       (2,770)
Balance at 31 December 2021                   55,702      203,515       72,488            0      331,705
Amortization for the year                       7,021        8,966      11,302            0        27,289
Disposals                                     (2,582)        (856)      (5,735)           0       (9,173)
Change to scope of consolidation                   98            0          900           0           998
Hyperinflation Türkiye                          1,111        9,545        2,644           0        13,300
Other changes                                   (499)        (790)        (844)           0       (2,133)
Balance at 31 December 2022                   60,851      220,380       80,755            0      361,986

Net amount
1 January 2021                                39,260       41,309       30,864       21,817      133,250
31 December 2021                              36,692       40,025       27,248       27,155      131,120
31 December 2022                              54,408       37,727       26,159       40,890      159,184


The increases in property, plant and equipment for € 39.0 million refers mainly to the Parent Company
(€ 18.1 million, especially for the Campoverde and Milan plants) and the subsidiaries Recordati AG (€
7.9 million), Casen Recordati (€ 1.9 million) and Recordati Rare Diseases Inc. (€ 1.6 million).
Application of IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies” led to a net increase of € 15.8
million in property, plant and equipment owned in Türkiye. “Other changes” includes the effect of the
conversion to Euro of the value of property, plant and equipment held and recognised in other
currencies, which led to a net decrease of € 1.7 million compared to 31 December 2021, primarily due
to the devaluation of the Turkish lira.
The following table shows the measurement of the right to use the assets conveyed under leases,
determined as prescribed by the accounting standard IFRS 16.




                                                                                                      108
                                                                                2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   € (thousands)                                 Land and        Plant and          Other            Total
                                                 Buildings      machinery      equipment

   Cost
   Balance at 1 January 2021                       20,619           1,082          19,861          41,562
   Additions                                         1,759            357            4,810           6,926
   Disposals                                       (1,668)             (4)         (4,690)         (6,362)
   Other changes                                       (22)            (2)           (896)           (920)
   Balance at 31 December 2021                     20,688           1,433          19,085          41,206
   Additions                                       11,481                0           3,759         15,240
   Disposals                                       (3,027)               0         (4,242)         (7,269)
   Change to scope of consolidation                  2,539               0             848           3,387
   Write‐downs                                       (313)               0               0           (313)
   Hyperinflation Türkiye                            1,242               4           1,325           2,571
   Other changes                                     (259)             (1)           (883)         (1,143)
   Balance at 31 December 2022                     32,351           1,436          19,892          53,679
   Accumulated amortization
   Balance at 1 January 2021                         6,684            188            8,255         15,127
   Amortization for the year                         3,756            233            5,942           9,931
   Disposals                                       (1,601)             (4)         (4,466)         (6,071)
   Other changes                                       (23)              0           (542)           (565)
   Balance at 31 December 2021                       8,816            417            9,189         18,422
   Amortization for the year                         4,402            288            6,334         11,024
   Disposals                                       (2,556)               0         (4,170)         (6,726)
   Change to scope of consolidation                       0              0               0               0
   Hyperinflation Türkiye                              476               0             687           1,163
   Other changes                                     (307)               0           (768)         (1,075)
   Balance at 31 December 2022                     10,831             705          11,272          22,808
   Net amount
   1 January 2021                                  13,935             894          11,606          26,435
   31 December 2021                                11,872           1,016           9,896          22,784
   31 December 2022                                21,520             731           8,620          30,871


   Rights of use of leased assets refer mainly to the office premises of several Group companies and to the
   cars used by medical representatives operating in their territories.
   Based on the agreements signed with Novartis Pharma, following regulatory approval from the relevant
   Swiss authorities, effective 1 October 2022, Recordati AG took over control and risks associated with
   assets to obtain microparticles for Signifor® LAR, also signing a lease for the Basel plant owned by
   Novartis Pharma within which production is now carried out directly by the subsidiary. The initial value
   of the rights of use was € 7.3 million, amortised based on the duration of the contract, taking into
   account reasonably expected renewals.


8. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
   The composition and change in intangible assets are shown in the following table.




                                                                                                       109
                                                                                     2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




    € (thousands)                       Patent rights     Distribution,    Other        Advance           Total
                                                  and           license,               payments
                                           marketing    trademark and
                                       authorizations     similar rights

    Cost
    Balance at 1 January 2021              1,029,335           504,149     20,651         48,436    1,602,571
    Additions                                  6,920            50,521        514          7,450       65,405
    Disposals                                     (1)               (69)    (669)               0        (739)
    Write‐downs                                     0                  0         0           (52)         (52)
    Other changes                             30,765              6,668       (18)       (1,085)       36,330
    Balance at 31 December 2021            1,067,019           561,269     20,478         54,749    1,703,515
    Additions                                    272            84,687        360         83,767      169,086
    Disposals                                    (77)           (1,075)     (364)        (1,072)       (2,588)
    Change to scope of consolidation                0          532,270        565               0     532,835
    Write‐downs                                     0           (2,428)          0       (2,834)       (5,262)
    Hyperinflation Türkiye                     7,825              1,164     1,408               5      10,402
    Other changes                             41,803            17,538        (19)      (32,705)       26,617
    Balance at 31 December 2022            1,116,842         1,193,425     22,428       101,910     2,434,605

    Accumulated amortization
    Balance at 1 January 2021                253,685           214,572     18,503              0     486,760
    Amortization for the year                 46,355            25,366        570              0      72,291
    Disposals                                     (1)               (69)    (663)              0        (733)
    Other changes                              5,666                920     (175)              0        6,411
    Balance at 31 December 2021              305,705           240,789     18,235              0     564,729
    Amortization for the year                 50,685            47,127        655              0      98,467
    Disposals                                    (77)           (1,015)     (364)              0      (1,456)
    Change to scope of consolidation                0             2,088       433              0        2,521
    Hyperinflation Türkiye                     3,912                625     1,077              0        5,614
    Other changes                              6,210                434       (87)             0        6,557
    Balance at 31 December 2022              366,435           290,048     19,949              0     676,432

    Net amount
    1 January 2021                           775,650           289,577      2,148         48,436    1,115,811
    31 December 2021                         761,314           320,480      2,243         54,749    1,138,786
    31 December 2022                         750,407           903,377      2,479        101,910    1,758,173


 Increases for the period include:
   € 105.0 million for the license agreement with Tolmar International Ltd for marketing Eligard®
    (leuprorelin acetate), a prostate cancer medicine, in Europe, Türkiye, Russia and other countries, of
    which € 70.0 million following approval of the variation involving the new device to administer the
    product, for which payment is expected during 2023;
 € 35.4 million for assets for the production stage for Signifor® LAR microparticles, carried out in the
    Novartis production plant in Basel, as part of the acquisition of Signifor® LAR rights completed in
    October 2019 and based on subsequent agreements, were transferred by Novartis Pharma to
    Recordati AG, effective 1 October 2022.Of this, € 13.6 million was paid during the year after
    authorisation was granted by the relevant Swiss regulatory authorities and € 21.8 million paid as an
    advance in 2021, now reclassified from the item “Other non‐current assets”;
 € 10.2 million referring to clinical studies that comply with the criteria set by the IAS 38 accounting
   standard on capitalisation;
 € 7.5 million for the milestone included in the license agreement with Helsinn Healthcare relating to
   the marketing of Ledaga®;



                                                                                                            110
                                                                                      2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      € 5.1 million for investments in software;
      € 2.3 million for the value of the Telefil® brand, a pharmaceutical speciality based on tadalafil for
       treatment of erectile dysfunction and benign prostatic hyperplasia, part of the business unit acquired
       from V.I.M. G. Ottaviani S.p.A. in December.

     Intangible assets deriving from the acquisition of EUSA Pharma were recognized in “Change to scope of
     consolidation”, for a net total amount of € 530.3 million, mainly for the products Qarziba®, Sylvant®,
     Fotivda® and Caphosol® after purchase price allocation performed in compliance with IFRS 3, described
     in Note 34. On the basis of the knowledge of the market in which the company acquired operates and
     considering the trend in sales of specialties, a useful life of 20 years was estimated for these assets.

     Impairment mainly refers to the intangible asset Fortacin® (€ 2.2 million), following the decrease in
     expected future cash flow, and the license obtained from ARS Pharmaceuticals (€ 2.8 million) to adjust
     the discounted recoverable value following the start of negotiations to return the rights over ARS‐1, a
     nasal spray containing epinephrine, at an advanced development stage, for emergency treatment of
     serious allergic reactions.

     The application of IAS 29 “Financial reporting in hyperinflationary economies”, led to a net increase of
     € 4.8 million in intangible assets held in Türkiye.

     The “Other changes” includes the conversion into euro of the value of the intangible assets held and
     booked in different currencies, which determined a net increase of € 32.5 million compared to 31
     December 2021, mainly attributable to the revaluation of the Swiss franc for € 27.5 million, of the U.S.
     dollar for € 4.2 million and of the Russian rouble for € 1.2 million, to the devaluation of the Turkish lira
     for € 0.4 million. They also include a reduction of € 12.5 million for reclassification to “Non‐current assets
     held for sale” of the discounted recoverable value of the license obtained from ARS Pharmaceuticals
     (see Note 19).


9. GOODWILL
     Goodwill at 31 December 2022 and 2021 amounted to € 780.1 million and € 553.2 million respectively
     and changed as follows:
     € (thousands)

     Balance at 31 December 2021                                                                         553,209
     Change to scope of consolidation for EUSA Pharma acquisition                                        153,850
     Change to scope of consolidation for TELEFIL® acquisition                                             16,944
     Effects of Türkiye hyperinflation                                                                     74,149
     Impairment of Türkiye Cash Generating Unit goodwill                                                  (5,359)
     Exchange rate adjustments                                                                           (12,736)
     Balance at 31 December 2022                                                                         780,057


     As required by the accounting standard IFRS 3 and outlined in more detail in Note 34, the purchase price
     allocation of the price to acquire EUSA Pharma and its subsidiaries was carried out.
     As part of the PPA, goodwill amounting to € 153.9 million was recognized and allocated to the treatment
     of rare diseases cash generating unit.
     In December, the parent company acquired from V.I.M. G. Ottaviani S.p.A. a business unit associated
     with the pharmaceutical specialty Telefil®. As explained in Note 34, the price paid was allocated to the



                                                                                                               111
                                                                              2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




business unit components based on their fair value and the residual difference was recognised as
goodwill in the amount of € 16.9 million, included under the Italy cash generating unit.
Following the inclusion of Türkiye in the list of countries with hyperinflation, followed by consequent
application of accounting standard IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies” to assets
in this country, taking into account the provisions of IAS 21 “Effects of changes in foreign exchange
rates”, goodwill associated with the Türkiye cash generating unit was revalued by € 74.1 million and
subsequently written down by € 5.4 million following the annual impairment test.
The exchange rate adjustments are related to the goodwill associated with the acquisitions made in
countries having currencies different from the euro: goodwill calculated in local currency is translated
into euro for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements using the year‐end exchange
rates. Compared to 31 December 2021, this determined a total net decrease of € 12.7 million
attributable to the acquisitions made in Türkiye (decrease of € 14.4 million), Poland (decrease of € 0.2
million), Tunisia (decrease of € 0.1 million), Switzerland (increase of € 0.4 million), Czech Republic
(increase of € 0.5 million) and Russia (increase of € 1.1 million).
Net goodwill at 31 December 2022, amounting to € 780.1 million, is divided among the following
operational areas, which represent the same number of cash‐generating units:
   Business dedicated to medication for the treatment of rare diseases: € 264.4 million;
   Italy for € 150.1 million;
   France for € 74.2 million;
   Türkiye for € 70.7 million;
   Spain for € 58.1 million;
   Germany for € 48.8 million;
   Portugal for € 32.8 million;
   Russia for € 26.0 million;
   Tunisia for € 16.6 million:
   Czech Republic for € 14.7 million;
   Poland for € 14.1 million;
   Switzerland for € 9.4 million;
   Romania for € 0.2 million.
As reported in Note 2 above ‐ “Summary of significant accounting policies”, goodwill is not amortized
systematically but is subject to impairment tests at least once a year to determine its recoverable value.
Goodwill is allocated to the individual cash‐generating units identified on the basis of the business
segments and the markets on which the companies acquired operate. A cash‐generating unit to which
goodwill has been allocated shall be tested for impairment annually, and when there is any indication
that it may be impaired, by comparing the carrying amount of the unit, including goodwill, with the
recoverable amount of the unit. If the recoverable amount of the unit exceeds the carrying amount of
the unit, the unit and the goodwill allocated to that unit is not impaired. If the carrying amount of the
unit exceeds the recoverable amount of the unit, the entity must recognize an impairment loss.
The recoverable amount was determined by calculating the value in use of the individual cash‐
generating units based on discounted cash flow (DCF analysis) originating from operating cash flow
forecasts for the period used explicitly for the calculation (2023‐2027) and from the cash flow beyond
that period, according to the net operating income model expected in perpetuity.
The main assumptions used for calculating the value in use concern the expected operating cash flows
during the period assumed for the calculation, the discount rate and the growth rate.
Operating cash flow forecasts for the period explicitly used for the calculation (2023‐2027) derive from
the business plan approved by the parent company Board of Directors on 21 February 2023. The effects
of the Russia/Ukraine war were duly considered in the cash flow forecasts. In light of the analysis and in



                                                                                                      112
                                                                               2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




consideration of the achievement of expected results and the resilience of the pharmaceutical sector,
currently, no significant impacts have been identified with regard to measurement of the Russia CGU.
Nonetheless, given the complexity of the situation and uncertainties about developments in the crisis
and their possible impacts, the Company continues to monitor the situation. With regard to risks
associated with climate change, as highlighted in the section of the Annual Report on corporate risks,
the Company has determined that this risk does not have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical
sector or the estimate of the recoverable value of assets. It was, therefore, not deemed necessary to
carry out a sensitivity analysis of potential impacts deriving from climate risks. Finally, it was not held
necessary to assume specific effects from the COVID‐19 pandemic due to the company's sector and the
reduced impact of the virus. The impairment tests were approved by the Board of Directors on 16 March
2023.
The discount rate used for estimates is the after‐tax average weighted cost of capital which reflects
current market valuations of the cost of money and the specific risk associated with the cash‐generating
units. The growth rates used for the period subsequent to the explicit forecast period were prudently
estimated and take into account the specific features of each country involved.
The following table shows the discount rates used for the impairment test for each of the main cash‐
generating units, which show a significant increase compared to the rates used in 2021 due to the
significant rise in interest rates:

Cash‐generating unit                                                                         Discount rate


Business dedicated to treatments for rare diseases                                                 10.02%
Italy                                                                                              11.20%
France                                                                                              9.45%
Türkiye                                                                                            22.96%
Spain                                                                                               9.96%
Germany                                                                                             9.28%
Portugal                                                                                            9.98%
Russia                                                                                             22.64%
Tunisia                                                                                            23.25%
Czech Republic                                                                                      9.89%
Poland                                                                                             11.88%
Switzerland                                                                                         8.62%


The value in use, calculated according to the procedures described for each cash‐generating unit, was
examined and approved by the Board of Directors. For the Türkiye cash generating unit, for which
goodwill was written down together with other non‐monetary assets and equity, in compliance with IAS
29, the value in use was found to be lower than the book value, which led to impairment of € 5.4 million,
recognised in the income statement under other net operating expense. In all other cases, value in use
was higher, even significantly so, than the book value of the net capital invested recognized in the
financial statements at 31 December 2022, even when the growth rates and the discount rates used in
impairment testing were changed, and therefore no further impairment of goodwill was recognized.




                                                                                                       113
                                                                                 2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




10. OTHER EQUITY INVESTMENTS AND SECURITIES
   At 31 December 2022 the details of other equity investments and securities were as follows:
   € (migliaia)                                                  Book value             Percentage stake
                                                         31/12/2022 31/12/2021 31/12/2022 31/12/2021
   PureTech Health p.l.c. ‐ United Kingdom                   28,708     33,201       3.3%       3.3%
   Erytech Pharma S.A. ‐ France                                 158        914       1.4%       1.4%
   Fluidigm Corp. ‐ United States of America                      1          4        n.s.       n.s.
   Other                                                          4          5        n.s.       n.s.
   Total equity investments and securities                   28,871     34,124


   The main investment refers to the U.K. company PureTech Health plc, specializing in investments in
   start‐up companies dedicated to innovative therapies, medical devices and new research technologies.
   Starting from 19 June 2015, the shares of the Company were admitted for trading on the London Stock
   Exchange. At 31 December 2022, the total fair value of the 9,554,140 shares held was € 28.7 million. The
   value of the investment was consequently adjusted to the stock exchange value and fell by € 4.5 million,
   compared to 31 December 2021, with a counter‐item accounted for, net of the related tax effect, in the
   statement of gains and losses recognized in shareholders’ equity.
   This item also includes € 0.2 million regarding an investment made during 2012 in Erytech Pharma S.A.,
   a listed French biopharmaceutical company, focused on developing new therapies for rare oncological
   pathologies and orphan diseases. The investment, originally structured as a non‐interest‐bearing loan,
   was converted into 431,034 company shares in May 2013. The value of the investment was adjusted to
   the stock exchange value and decreased by € 0.7 million, compared to 31 December 2021, with a
   counter‐item accounted for, net of the related tax effect, in the statement of gains and losses recognized
   in shareholders’ equity.


11. OTHER NON‐CURRENT ASSETS
   At 31 December 2022, this item amounted to € 9.6 million, down by € 23.4 million compared to 31
   December 2021, mainly due to reclassification of advances paid in 2021 to “Intangible assets”, for assets
   associated with the production of Signifor® LAR microparticles at the Novartis production plant in Basel,
   transferred to Recordati AG by Novartis Pharma effective 1 October 2022. The effect of the EUSA
   Pharma consolidation was € 1.0 million.


12. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
   At 31 December 2022 deferred tax assets amounted to € 76.9 million (€ 75.9 million at 31 December
   2021).
   The main deferred tax assets and their changes are presented in the two tables below:
   € (thousands)                                                                   2022                2021


   Balance at 1 January                                                           75,922              75,084
   Additions                                                                      14,023              19,326
   Utilizations                                                                 (21,248)            (18,488)
   Change to scope of consolidation                                                8,198                   0
   Balance at 31 December                                                         76,895              75,922



                                                                                                           114
                                                                                   2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   € (thousands)            Revenues/costs with Tax Realignment          Tax credits         Other       Total
                              deferred tax effect


   Balance at 1 January                   10,871              8,879            1,648         54,524     75,922
   Additions                                4,395                 0              304          9,324     14,023
   Utilizations                           (4,750)           (4,439)                0       (12,059)   (21,248)
   Change to scope of
   consolidation                           8,198                 0                 0              0      8,198
   Balance at 31
   December                               18,714             4,440             1,952        51,789      76,895


   During 2017, the Parent Company and the subsidiary Italchimici S.p.A. took advantage of the option,
   allowed by tax law, to realign the differences between the higher book value of Goodwill and intangible
   assets determined by extraordinary transactions and the corresponding recognized fiscal values. Tax law
   provides for the payment of an IRES and IRAP substitute tax of 16% and the subsequent deductibility of
   the realigned values in the amount of one fifth per year starting, as the case may be, from the first or
   the second fiscal year subsequent to that in which the substitute tax was paid.
   In the case of the Parent Company, the amounts relate to the tax realignment of goodwill, determined
   according to fiscal rules, arising from the acquisition of Italchimici S.p.A. and Pro Farma AG, both in 2016.
   The benefit deriving from the future tax deductibility of the franked amounts determined the
   recognition of deferred tax assets of € 22.2 million. The tax step up of Italchimici S.p.A. relates to the
   goodwill, determined according to fiscal rules, arising from a merger independently realized before their
   entry into the Recordati group. The benefit deriving from the future fiscal deductibility resulted in the
   recognition of deferred tax assets for an amount of € 8.6 million.
   The tax credits relate to the tax incentives associated with the construction of the production plant in
   Türkiye.
   The item “Other” mainly refers to temporary differences deriving from the elimination of unrealised
   profits on intercompany sales.
   The tax effect of comprehensive income statement components is € 1.3 million (€ 1.1 million at 31
   December 2021).


13. INVENTORIES
   Inventories at 31 December 2022 amounted to € 424.1 million (€ 228.7 million at 31 December 2021),
   net of provisions for the impairment of pharmaceutical products nearing expiry and slow moving of €
   17.5 million (€ 10.3 million at 31 December 2021). The increase in value is mainly due to the inventories
   of the companies in the EUSA Pharma group, which totalled € 125.2 million (including the effects of
   revaluation under IFRS 3 of € 92.1 million) at 31 December 2022. The breakdown by category is as
   follows:




                                                                                                            115
                                                                                2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   € (thousands)                                             31/12/2022        31/12/2021           Changes
                                                                                                  2022/2021
   Raw materials and supplies                                    92,080             67,202           24,878
   Semi‐finished goods and work in process                       78,830             44,053           34,777
   Finished goods                                               253,170            117,477          135,693
   Total                                                        424,080            228,732          195,348


14. TRADE RECEIVABLES
   Trade receivables at 31 December 2022 and 2021 amounted to € 361.9 million and € 307.8 million
   respectively. The net effect of EUSA Pharma on trade receivables on 31 December 2022 was € 43.9
   million. The amounts are expressed net of provisions for impairment, which at 31 December 2022
   amounted to € 17.7 million (€ 14.2 million at 31 December 2021). This item is considered consistent with
   positions which, for the particular nature of the customers or the destination markets, may be difficult
   to collect. The average number of days of exposure was 63, up compared to the 60 days in 2021.
   Provisions for doubtful accounts increased by € 3.6 million (decrease of € 1.0 million in 2021), and this
   difference is classified in selling expenses.
   The Group uses a matrix to measure the expected credit losses on trade receivables from individual
   customers, which comprise a very large number of small balances. Losses are estimated using a method
   based on the probability of a receivable progressing through successive stages of insolvencies calculated
   separately for exposures in different segments based on common credit risk characteristics, such as
   geographical region and duration of the customer relationship. The following table provides information
   about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables:
   € (thousands)                                             31/12/2022        31/12/2021          Changes
                                                                                                 2022/2021
   Current (not past due)                                        313,885          280,060            33,825
   1‐30 days past due                                             15,074            7,614             7,460
   31‐60 days past due                                            10,940            8,236             2,704
   61‐90 days past due                                             5,131            4,794               337
   More than 90 days past due                                     34,590           21,233            13,357
   Total gross trade receivables                                 379,620          321,937            57,683


   Additional information about how the Group assesses the exposure to credit risk and provisions for
   doubtful accounts is provided in Note 33.


15. OTHER RECEIVABLES
   Other receivables totalled € 63.9 million, up by € 19.0 million compared to 31 December 2021, in part
   due to the balance of € 7.0 million for EUSA Pharma. The relevant details are presented in the table
   below:




                                                                                                        116
                                                                                  2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   € (thousands)                                              31/12/2022         31/12/2021          Changes
                                                                                                   2022/2021
   Tax receivables                                                 49,353             34,943           14,410
   Advances to employees and agents                                 1,751              2,323            (572)
   Other                                                           12,810              7,614            5,196

   Total other receivables                                         63,914             44,880           19,034

   Tax receivables also include value added tax (VAT) receivable (€ 24.5 million) and advance payments of
   income tax paid in excess. Advances to employees and agents comprise advances on expense accounts
   and other receivables. “Other” includes advances paid to suppliers and other parties and to computed
   credits under licensing‐in agreements.


16. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
   Other current assets amounted to € 15.4 million (€ 13.0 million at 31 December 2021), of which € 2.8
   million for EUSA Pharma, and relate mainly to prepaid expenses.


17. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE (included in current assets)
   At 31 December 2022 the value of derivative instruments included under this item amounted to € 23.6
   million.
   The measurement at market (fair) value of the cross currency swaps, entered into by the Parent
   Company to hedge the US$75 million loan issued on 31 September 2014 resulted in a total asset of €
   11.9 million. This amount represents the potential benefit of a lower value in euro of the future dollar
   denominated principal and interest flows, in view of the revaluation of the foreign currency with respect
   to the moment in which the loan and hedging instruments were negotiated. In particular, the change in
   fair value of the derivative hedging the US$ 50 million tranche of the loan, provided by Mediobanca, was
   positive for € 7.5 million, and that hedging the US$ 25 million tranche of the loan, provided by UniCredit,
   yielded a € 4.4 million positive change.
   The measurement at market (fair) value of the interest rate swaps hedging a number of loans gave rise
   to total assets of € 7.5 million, representing the opportunity of paying in the future, for the term of the
   loans, the agreed interest rates rather than the variable rates currently expected. The measurement
   relates to the interest rate swaps entered into by the Parent Company to hedge the interest rates on
   the syndicated loan finalized in the first half of the year (€ 6.7 million) and the loan with Mediobanca (€
   0.8 million).
   At 31 December 2022, other hedging transactions were in place on foreign currency positions, the
   measurement of which was positive for € 4.2 million against € 0.1 million at 31 December 2021, with
   the difference recognized to the income statement and offsetting the exchange losses arising from the
   valuation of the underlying positions at current exchange rates.
   The fair value of these hedging derivatives is measured at level 2 of the hierarchy provided for in the
   accounting standard IFRS 13 (see note 2). The fair value is equal to the current value of the estimated
   future cash flows. Estimates of future floating‐rate cash flows are based on quoted swap rates futures
   prices and interbank borrowing rates. Estimated cash flows are discounted using a yield curve which
   reflects the relevant benchmark interbank rate used by market participants for pricing interest rate
   swaps.




                                                                                                          117
                                                                                 2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




18. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
   A breakdown is shown in the following table:
   € (thousands)                                             31/12/2022         31/12/2021           Changes
                                                                                                   2022/2021
   Demand current account deposits                               162,602            230,883          (68,281)
   Short‐term time deposits                                      122,098             13,654          108,444
   Cash on hand                                                       34                 41               (7)

   Total cash and cash equivalents                               284,734            244,578            40,156


   Short‐term time deposits consist of tied deposits with maturities of three months or less.
   At 31 December 2022, cash and cash equivalents were mainly in euro (87.4 million), U.S. dollars (150.7
   million, especially for the subsidiary Recordati Rare Diseases Inc.), Russian roubles (1,479.3 million,
   mainly associated with the subsidiary Rusfic LLC), Tunisian dinars (29.4 million with subsidiaries in
   Tunisia) and British pounds (7.8 million, mainly for subsidiaries in the United Kingdom).


19. NON‐CURRENT ASSETS HELD FOR SALE
   This item includes € 12.5 million for the estimated discounted recoverable value of the milestone paid
   to ARS Pharmaceuticals for the ARS‐1 license, a nasal spray containing epinephrine, at an advanced stage
   of development, for emergency treatment of serious allergic reactions, following the start of
   negotiations to return product rights, which were successfully completed in February 2023.


20. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
   Share capital ‐ the share capital at 31 December 2022, of € 26,140,644.50, was fully paid up and
   consisted of 209,125,156 ordinary shares with a par value of € 0.125 each. During 2022, there were no
   changes.
   Share premium reserve – At 31 December 2022, this amounted to € 83.7 million, unchanged compared
   to the previous year.
   Treasury shares ‐ As at 31 December 2022, 3,684,033 treasury shares are held in the portfolio, an
   increase of 469,733 shares compared to 31 December 2021. The change was due to the disposal of
   729,250 shares for an amount of € 13.6 million to enable the exercise of the options attributed to
   employees as part of the stock option plans and to the purchase of 1,198,983 shares for an amount of
   € 52.3 million. The total cost to purchase the treasury shares in the portfolio was € 149.6 million, with
   an average unit price of € 40.60.
   Reserve for derivative instruments measured at fair value ‐ In accordance with the provisions of the
   international accounting standard IFRS 9, this shareholders’ equity reserve contains the contra entry for
   the value of the assets and liabilities resulting from the measurement at market value of the cross‐
   currency swaps qualifying as cash flow hedges, the contra entry for the recognition in the income
   statement offsetting the valuation at year‐end exchange rates of the foreign currency loans hedged, and
   the assets and liabilities resulting from the measurement at market value of the interest rate swaps also
   qualifying as cash flow hedges. At 31 December 2022, this value, net of the tax effect, was positive € 6.2
   million.




                                                                                                         118
                                                                                2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Other reserves ‐ At 31 December 2022, these amounted to € 62.3 million, up by € 2.1 million compared
to 31 December 2021. Other reserves include the statutory reserve of the Parent Company (€ 5.2
million), reserves for grants received (€ 15.5 million) and reserves for amounts booked directly to equity
in application of the international accounting standards. The application of IFRS 2 had a positive effect
of € 23.3 million, while the application of IAS 19 had a positive effect of € 0.4 million. The recognition of
the gains associated with the investment in Puretech Health determined a positive after‐tax effect of €
21.0 million, while the recognition of the reduced value of the investment in Erytech Pharma determined
an after‐tax negative effect of € 3.5 million. The completion of the reverse merger in 2021 led to the
recognition of a reserve for € 0.4 million.
Profits carried forward and net profit – At 31 December 2022, retained profits amounted to € 1,524.1
million, up by € 248.1 million compared to 31 December 2021 and the Group’s net profit was € 312.3
million, down by 19.1% compared to € 386.0 million in 2021. Some of the shareholders’ equity reserves
recognised in the Group’s Italian companies are in tax suspension and, according to the fiscal rules, their
distribution is subject to taxation. These reserves, net of the substitute taxes already paid of € 18.4
million, amounted to € 152.1 million. In accordance with the international accounting standard IAS 12,
deferred taxes are not recognized on these suspended reserves until their distribution is resolved. The
application of IAS 29 in Türkiye had positive effects of € 101.1 million.
Interim dividend – During the year, the Board of Directors of the Parent Company resolved to distribute
an interim dividend for 2022 of € 0.55 per share, for a total amount of € 113.0 million.
 Incentive plans ‐ At 31 December 2022, the Company has three stock option plans benefiting certain
Group employees: the 2014‐2018 plan with the grant on 13 April 2016, the 2018‐2022 plan, with the
grant of 3 August 2018, and the 2021‐2023 plan with the grants of 6 May 2021, 1 December 2021 and
24 February 2022. The strike price for the options is the average of the Parent Company's listed share
price during the 30 days prior to the grant date. The options are vested over a period of five years, over
four tranches starting from the second year, in the case of the less recent grants and three years for the
2021 and 2022 grants, payable in a single tranche. They expire if they are not exercised within the eighth
year after the grant date. Options cannot be exercised if the employee leaves the Company before they
are vested.
Stock options outstanding at 31 December 2022 are detailed in the following table:

                        Strike price      Quantity        Granted    Exercised in Cancelled and    Quantity
                                 (€)      1/1/2022           2022           2022        expired 31/12/2022
                                                                                           2022

Grant date
29 July 2014                  12.29         476,500             ‐      (461,500)       (15,000)           ‐
13 April 2016                 21.93         934,000             ‐       (28,500)        (6,000)     899,500
3 August 2018                 30.73       2,896,000             ‐      (239,250)       (36,250)   2,620,500
6 May 2021                    45.97       2,925,500             ‐              ‐      (311,000)   2,614,500
1 December 2021               56.01         130,000             ‐              ‐              ‐     130,000
24 February 2022              47.52               ‐     3,553,000              ‐       (33,000)   3,520,000

Total                                     7,362,000     3,553,000      (729,250)      (401,250)   9,784,500


Starting in 2019, some Group employees were designated as beneficiaries of an incentive plan with a 5‐
year vesting period, granted and entirely funded by Rossini Luxembourg S.à r.l., an indirect shareholder
of Recordati S.p.A., and will benefit from a return at the expiry of the plan term if they have met a
number of performance conditions. The measurement according to the accounting standard IFRS 2 led




                                                                                                         119
                                                                                  2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   to an expense in the 2022 income statement of € 1.4 million, which also includes the incentive plan
   granted by Rossini Luxembourg S.à r.l. to the Chief Executive Officer of the Recordati Group.


21. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON‐CONTROLLING INTERESTS
   All consolidated companies are 100% owned, except for the Tunisian company Opalia Pharma, which is
   90% owned. The company has, however, been 100% consolidated by applying the anticipated
   acquisition method allowed by IAS 32. Consequently, the amount estimated for the acquisition of the
   remaining 10%, of € 3.5 million, was recognized as a liability since the transfer of this remaining quota
   is covered by contractual agreements which provide for reciprocal put and call options between the
   parties which have a high probability of being exercised. Subsequent changes of the estimate will be
   recognized in a shareholders’ equity reserve. This accounting method is not detrimental to the rights of
   the non‐controlling shareholders during the period until all capital shares are transferred.


22. LOANS
   At 31 September 2022, loans amounted to € 1,633.1 million, up by a net € 649.6 million compared to 31
   December 2021.
   This item includes the liabilities deriving from the application of the IFRS 16 accounting standard,
   representing the obligation to make the payments provided for in the existing leases for a total amount
   of € 30.8 million, a net decrease of € 7.6 million compared to 31 December 2021.
   During 2022, loans increased by € 1,453.8 million: € 1,357.0 million for the opening of new bank loans,
   € 78.2 million included among the acquired liabilities of EUSA Pharma and € 18.6 million related to new
   leases, of which € 3.4 million deriving from the first consolidation of the new companies acquired.
   Repayments for a total of € 813.7 million were made in the year, of which € 725.3 million for the
   repayment of bank loans, € 78.2 million for total repayment of the debt undertaken to acquire EUSA
   Pharma and € 10.2 million relating to lease liabilities. The values of bank loans reflect the opening and
   subsequent "take out" with definitive financing of the "Bridge Facility" relating to the acquisition of EUSA
   Pharma, as illustrated below.
   During the year, some loans reached maturity and were extinguished. Specifically:
    in August, the loan of 71.6 million Turkish lira, disbursed on 16 October 2014 to the subsidiary
     Recordati Ilaç by IFC‐World Bank, ended with full repayment;
    the 2017 loan with UBI Banca (now Intesa Sanpaolo) ended in September with the single instalment
     repayment of € 50.0 million;
    in November, after payment of the last instalment of € 5.0 million, the € 15.0 million loan from Banca
     Passadore was closed.
   With the aim of improving management of its overall debt, the Parent Company ended two loans in
   advance of their natural maturity. Specifically:
    the loan from Intesa Sanpaolo, expiring in October 2025, ended in August with the repayment of the
     outstanding debt of € 37.5 million;
    the loan from Mediobanca, maturing in July 2024, was extinguished in September with the
     repayment of the residual debt of € 22.5 million;
   The effect of the translation of loans in foreign currencies and of expenses incurred to place the loans,
   together with the early termination of a number of leases, determined a total net increase of € 9.5
   million compared to 31 December 2021.




                                                                                                           120
                                                                                             2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




A breakdown of medium‐ and long‐term loans at 31 December 2022 and 2021 is shown in the following
table:

€ (thousands)                                                                                 31/12/2022     31/12/2021


GRANTED TO RECORDATI S.P.A.:
Loan from a pool of national and international banks, specifically Mediobanca, JP                 *796,518             ‐
Morgan, UniCredit and Banca Nazionale del Lavoro, subsequently syndicated with the
involvement of other international credit institutions, at a variable interest rate,
repayable starting in 2023 and through 2027. The payable was partially converted to a
fixed interest rate through interest rate swap transactions
Guaranteed senior notes privately placed with international institutional investors in             *74,736             ‐
2022 at a fixed interest rate, repayable in annual installments starting 2030 through 2034
Loan from a consortium of Italian and international lenders led by Mediobanca, at a               *179,446      *179,284
variable interest rate, repayable in a single installment in 2026
Loan from Allied Irish Bank, at a variable interest rate, repayable in semi‐annual                 *37,905       *39,875
installments starting 2022 through 2026
Loan from Mediobanca, Natixis and Unicredit, syndicated involving a pool of Italian and           *213,207      *282,479
international banks, at a variable interest rate, repayable in semi‐annual installments
starting 2020 through 2024
Loan from Mediobanca, at a variable interest rate hedged by an interest rate swap,                 *42,733       *85,456
repayable in semi‐annual installments starting 2020 through 2023
Loan from Banca Passadore, at a variable interest rate of 3‐month Euribor plus a fixed                   ‐        *4,999
spread, repaid in 2022
Loan from Intesa Sanpaolo, at a variable interest rate hedged by an interest rate swap,                  ‐       *42,749
repayable in semi‐annual instalments starting 2019 through 2025, extinguished in
advance in 2022
Loan from Intesa Sanpaolo (formerly UBI Banca), at a variable interest rate hedged by an                 ‐       *49,993
interest rate swap, repaid in a lump sum in 2022
Loan from Mediobanca, at a variable interest rate hedged by an interest rate swap,                       ‐        33,000
repayable in annual instalments starting 2018 through 2024, extinguished in advance in
2022
Guaranteed senior notes privately placed with international institutional investors in            *124,921      *124,913
2017 at a fixed interest rate, repayable in annual installments starting 2025 through 2032
Guaranteed senior notes privately placed in 2014 with international institutional                  *60,815       *66,065
investors, structured in two tranches:
US$50 million at fixed interest rate repayable in semi‐annual installments starting 2022
through 2026, converted with cross currency swap into a debt of € 37.3 million at fixed
interest rate,
US$25 million at fixed interest rate repayable in semi‐annual installments starting 2023
through 2029, converted with cross currency swap into a debt of € 18.7 million at fixed
interest rate
Liabilities for leases granted to Recordati S.p.A.                                                   2,371         3,152

GRANTED TO OTHER GROUP COMPANIES:
Loan from UBS Switzerland AB to Recordati AG for CHF 40.0 million, at fixed interest rate,          33,767             ‐
repayable in semi‐annual installments starting 2022 through 2025
Loan from UBS Switzerland AB to Recordati AG for CHF 75.0 million, at variable interest             38,083        50,818
rate, repayable in semi‐annual installments starting 2020 through 2025




                                                                                                                    121
                                                                                                           2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




€ (thousands)                                                                                                 31/12/2022        31/12/2021

Loan from IFC‐World Bank to Recordati Ilaç for TRY 71.6 million, at variable interest rate,                                 ‐             *539
repaid in 2022
Various interest‐free loans granted to Casen Recordati S.L. repayable within 2029                                        156                173
Liabilities for leases granted to the other Group companies                                                          28,437             20,039
Total amortized cost of loans                                                                                    1,633,095             983,534


Loans due within one year, classified among current liabilities                                                     291,546            223,061
Loans due after one year, classified among non‐current liabilities                                                1,341,549            760,473
* Net of expenses incurred for placing the loans, amortized on the basis of the effective interest rate. At 31 December 2022, the remaining
expenses amounted to a total of € 5.8 million, mainly related to the pool loan granted to Recordati S.p.A. in 2022 (€ 3.5 million), the syndicated
loan granted to Recordati S.p.A. by a pool of banks in 2019 (€ 1.1 million), the loan from a consortium of lenders led by Mediobanca in 2021 (€
0.5 million), the guaranteed senior notes issued by Recordati S.p.A. in 2014, 2017 and 2022 (€ 0.5 million) and loans from Mediobanca (€ 0.1
million) and Allied Irish Bank (€ 0.1 million).

The repayment schedule for loans due after 31 December 2023, based on their amortization plans, is as
follows:

€ (thousands)


2024                                                                                                                                    309,187
2025                                                                                                                                    201,109
2026                                                                                                                                    400,320
2027                                                                                                                                    271,438
2028 and subsequent years                                                                                                               159,495
Total                                                                                                                                 1,341,549


The weighted average interest rate at 31 December 2022, calculated applying the rates resulting from
the hedging instruments, is 3.14%.
The main loans outstanding are:
a) Bond issued by the parent company on 12 September 2022 for € 75.0 million, placed privately and
   fully with companies in the Prudential group. The main terms provide for a fixed rate with interest
   payments every six months and a term of 12 years, with repayment of the principal in five annual
   instalments starting in September 2030 and expiring on 12 September 2034. The transaction, aimed
   at continuing to raise medium‐ to long‐term funds to further support the Group's growth, has
   facilitated access to favourable market conditions. It has standard market characteristics typical of
   the US private placement market and is substantially in line with the bond issued by the Parent
   Company in 2017.
   The loan includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured quarterly, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than 3;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than 3.
   These parameters are being observed.




                                                                                                                                           122
                                                                              2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




b) Loan for a total of € 800,0 million negotiated by Recordati S.p.A. in two different stages.
   On 3 February 2022 the Parent Company signed a loan contract for € 200.0 million for the purpose
   of acquiring EUSA Pharma (UK) Limited, disbursed by a consortium of national and international
   lenders made up of Mediobanca, JP Morgan, UniCredit and Banca Nazionale del Lavoro. The terms
   of the loan provide for a variable interest rate at the 6‐month Euribor (with a zero floor) plus a
   variable spread based on a step up/step down mechanism on changes in the Leverage Ratio, and a
   5‐year term with semi‐annual repayment of the principal starting 31 March 2023, with the final
   instalment on 3 February 2027. Disbursement, net of structuring and up‐front fees, took place on 15
   March 2022.
   Again on 3 February 2022 the Parent Company agreed a “Bridge Facility” for a total of € 450.0 million
   again for the purpose of financing the acquisition of EUSA Pharma (UK) Limited. The financial
   institutions are Mediobanca, which also serves as the agent, and JP Morgan with a portion of € 157.5
   million, UniCredit for € 67.5 million, Banca Nazionale del Lavoro for € 54.0 million, and BNP Paribas
   for € 13.5 million. The maximum term of the loan is 12 months and may be extended, at the
   Company's discretion, for 6 more months to allow for final financial instruments to be negotiated in
   the meantime. The terms include a variable interest rate at the Euribor rate at the time of use (with
   floor to zero) plus a variable spread. The disbursement, net of fees, took place on 15 March 2022.
   In the second quarter, Recordati S.p.A. finalized the negotiation of a syndicated loan for the
   repayment of the bridge loan. The interest shown by both partner banks and by new international
   credit institutions was significant. It was therefore possible to proceed to the collection of an
   additional € 150.0 million. This operation was formalised on 28 June 2022 through the signing of an
   “amendment and restatement” of the € 200.0 million loan negotiated in February 2022. The
   amendment in question made it possible to increase the value of the loan to € 600.0 million, of which
   € 450.0 million deriving from replacement of the “Bridge” plus an additional € 150.0 million.
   The main economic terms of the loan remained substantially in line with the original ones, with a
   variable interest rate at the 6‐month Euribor (with a zero floor) plus a variable spread based on a
   step up/step down mechanism on changes in the Leverage Ratio, and a 5‐year term with semi‐annual
   repayment of the principal starting 31 March 2023, with the final instalment on 3 February 2027. In
   July 2022, the loan was partially hedged with an interest rate swap, qualifying as a cash flow hedge,
   effectively converting the hedged portion to a fixed interest rate. At 31 December 2022, the fair value
   of the derivatives was measured as a positive € 6.7 million, which was recognized directly as an
   increase in equity and as an increase in the asset item “Derivative instruments measured at fair
   value” (see Note 17).
   The loan includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured semi‐annually, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than 3;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than 3.
   These parameters are being observed.

c) Loan for 40.0 million Swiss francs taken out on 16 March 2022 by the subsidiary Recordati AG with
   UBS Switzerland AG, at a fixed interest rate, with quarterly interest payments and semi‐annual
   repayment of principal starting September 2022 through March 2025. The value in euro of the
   outstanding loan at 31 December 2022 was € 33.8 million.
   The loan, guaranteed by the Parent Company, includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead
   to a request for immediate repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured semi‐annually, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than 3;



                                                                                                      123
                                                                              2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
     a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than 3.
   These parameters are being observed.

d) € 180.0 million loan negotiated by the Parent Company in May 2021, provided by a consortium of
   national and international lenders led by Mediobanca. The main terms include a variable interest
   rate of the 6‐month Euribor (with a zero floor) plus a fixed spread and a 5‐year term and single
   installment repayment on maturity. Disbursement, net of structuring and up‐front fees, took place
   on 21 May 2021.
   The loan includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured semi‐annually, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
     twelve consecutive months) must be less than 3;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
     a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than 3.
   These parameters are being observed.

e) Loan for € 40.0 million entered into by the Parent Company on 30 March 2021 with Allied Irish Bank
   at a variable interest rate of the 6‐month Euribor (with floor to zero) plus a variable spread based on
   a step up/step down mechanism on changes in the Leverage Ratio, with six‐monthly interest
   payments and principal repayment, again on a semi‐annual basis, starting from March 2022 until
   March 2026. The debt outstanding recognized at 31 December 2022 amounted to a total of € 37.9
   million.
   The loan includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured semi‐annually, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than 3;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than 3.
   These parameters are being observed.

f) Loan for 75.0 million Swiss francs taken out on 17 April 2020 by the subsidiary Recordati AG with UBS
   Switzerland AG, at a variable interest rate of the 3‐months Libor on the Swiss currency (with a zero
   floor) plus a fixed spread, with quarterly interest payments and semi‐annual repayment of principal
   starting September 2020 through March 2025. The value in euro of the outstanding loan at 31
   December 2022 was € 38.1 million.
   The loan, guaranteed by the Parent Company, includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead
   to a request for immediate repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured semi‐annually, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than 3;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than 3.
   These parameters are being observed.

g) Loan for € 400.0 million negotiated by the Parent Company in June 2019 aimed at supporting the
   Group's growth strategy. The loan, initially agreed with Mediobanca, Natixis and Unicredit was
   subsequently syndicated involving a pool of Italian and international banks. The terms of the loan




                                                                                                      124
                                                                              2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   provide for a variable interest rate at the 6‐month Euribor (with a zero floor) plus a variable spread
   based on a step up/step down mechanism on changes in the Leverage Ratio, and a duration of 5
   years with semi‐annual repayment of the principal starting 30 June 2020 through June 2024. The
   disbursement, net of upfront commissions, took place on 30 July 2019. The debt outstanding
   recognized at 31 December 2022 amounted to a total of € 213.2 million.
   The loan includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured semi‐annually, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than 3;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than 3.
   These parameters are being observed.

h) Loan for € 150.0 million taken out by the Parent Company in November 2018 with Mediobanca, at a
   variable interest rate of the 6‐month Euribor plus a variable spread based on a step up mechanism
   on changes in the Leverage Ratio, with quarterly interest payments and a duration of 5 years with
   semi‐annual repayments of principal starting November 2020 through November 2023. The debt
   outstanding at 31 December 2022 amounted to € 42.7 million. The loan was hedged with an interest
   rate swap, qualifying as a cash flow hedge, effectively converting the entire debt to a fixed interest
   rate. At 31 December 2022, the fair value of the derivative was measured as a positive € 0.8 million,
   which was recognized directly as an increase in equity and as an increase in the asset item “Derivative
   instruments measured at fair value” (see Note 17).
   The loan includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured annually, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than 3;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than 3.
   These parameters are being observed.

i) Privately placed guaranteed senior notes by the Parent Company in May 2017 for an overall amount
   of € 125.0 million at a fixed interest rate with repayment in annual instalments starting on 31 May
   2025 through 31 May 2032.
   The bonded loan includes covenants which, if not met, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment of the loan.
   The financial covenants, measured quarterly, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than 3;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than 3.
   These parameters are being observed.

j) Guaranteed senior notes issued by the Parent Company on 30 September 2014 for a total of US$ 75
   million, divided into two tranches: US$ 50 million at fixed rate, repayable semi‐annually starting 30
   March 2022 and with maturity 30 September 2026, and US$ 25 million again at fixed rate, repayable
   semi‐annually starting 30 March 2023 and with maturity 30 September 2029. During the period, 10
   million US dollars of the first tranche was repaid, and the outstanding debt at 31 December 2022
   amounted to a total of 65 million US dollars, equalling a counter‐value of € 60.9 million.




                                                                                                      125
                                                                                 2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      The loan was hedged at the same time with two cross‐currency swaps which provide for the
      conversion of the original debt into a total of € 56.0 million (€ 48.5 million at 31 December 2022), of
      which € 37.3 million (€ 29.8 at the date of this Annual Report) at a lower fixed rate for the tranche
      with maturity at 12 years and € 18.7 million again at a lower fixed rate for the one maturing at 15
      years. At 31 December 2022, hedging instruments measured at fair value were positive for a total of
      € 11.9 million, which was recognized directly as an increase in equity and as an increase in the asset
      item “Derivative instruments measured at fair value” (see Note 17).
      The bonded loan includes covenants which, if not met, could lead to a request for immediate
      repayment of the loan.
      The financial covenants, measured quarterly, are the following:
      – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
         twelve consecutive months) must be less than 3;
      – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
         a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than 3.
      These parameters are being observed.


23. PROVISIONS FOR EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
   The balance at 31 December 2022 amounted to € 19.4 million (€ 21.0 million at 31 December 2021) and
   reflects the Group’s liability towards its employees determined in accordance with IAS 19.
   The changes in these provision were follows:
   € (thousands)                                                                     2022              2021


   Balance at 1 January                                                            21,010            21,174
   Additions                                                                         2,758             1,408
   Utilizations                                                                    (2,660)           (2,380)
   Adjustment for actuarial (gains)/losses                                         (1,690)               808
   Balance at 31 December                                                          19,418            21,010


   This liability is mainly due to the severance indemnities (TFR, Trattamento Fine Rapporto) in the Italian
   companies. The value of these provisions, measured in accordance with IAS 19, amounted to € 5.7
   million. The other liabilities are mainly due to contribution plans in being in the French company
   Laboratoires Bouchara Recordati (€ 4.9 million), in the U.S. company Recordati Rare Diseases (€ 2.6
   million), in the German company Recordati Pharma (€ 1.6 million), in the Swiss company Recordati AG
   (€ 1.5 million) and in the other Recordati Rare Diseases companies (€ 1.8 million). The fair value
   calculation made using actuarial assumptions updated to 31 December 2022 determined a decrease of
   € 1.7 million compared to the value of the provisions at 31 December 2021 which is recognized in the
   statement of comprehensive income, net of the tax effect, as prescribed by the relevant accounting
   standard.


24. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
   At 31 December 2022, deferred tax liabilities amounted to € 167.9 million, up by a net € 141.2 million
   compared to 31 December 2021.
   Their changes are shown in the table below:




                                                                                                         126
                                                                                  2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   € (thousands)                                                                       2022              2021


   Balance at 1 January                                                               26,675            41,219
   Additions                                                                          11,649             3,847
   Utilizations                                                                     (13,920)          (18,391)
   Change to scope of consolidation                                                 143,461                  ‐
   Balance at 31 December                                                           167,865            26,675


   The increase is mainly due to the effects of the consolidation of EUSA Pharma. At the first consolidation
   date, deferred tax liabilities, calculated as part of the preliminary purchase price allocation based on the
   provisions established by accounting standard IFRS 3, stood at € 143.5 million, as shown in Note n. 34.
   At 31 December 2022 no deferred tax liabilities were calculated on subsidiaries’ undistributed profits
   as, considering the current dividend policy applied by the Group and thanks to the substantial exemption
   from double income taxation, no significant additional tax would have to be paid by the Group.
   The tax effect of comprehensive income statement components is € 2.4 million (€ 0.2 million at 31
   December 2021).


25. TRADE PAYABLES
   Trade payables, which are entirely of a commercial nature and include end‐of‐year provisions for
   invoices to be received, at 31 December 2022 and 2021 amounted respectively to € 224.7 million and €
   177.9 million and include the balance for EUSA Pharma of € 22.9 million.


26. OTHER PAYABLES
   Other payables at 31 December 2022 amounted to € 251.1 million (€ 145.2 million at 31 December
   2021), including € 15.6 million for EUSA Pharma. A breakdown is provided in the table below:


   € (thousands)                                              31/12/2022        31/12/2021           Changes
                                                                                                   2022/2021
   Personnel                                                       64,921            39,364            25,557
   Social security                                                 18,039            16,827             1,212
   Agents                                                             433               524               (91)
   Other                                                          167,743            88,455            79,288
   Total other payables                                           251,136           145,170           105,966


   The item “Other” mainly includes:
    the payable of € 70.0 million due to Tolmar International Ltd from Recordati S.p.A., deemed probable,
     due to the meeting of contractual conditions after approval of the variation for the new device to
     administer Eligard®;
    € 18.8 million for Recordati AG in respect of Novartis AG, on the occurrence of contract conditions in
     the scope of acquiring the rights for Isturisa®;
    € 14.4 million to be paid to the Krankenkassen (German health insurance schemes) by Recordati
     Pharma GmbH;
    € 11.3 million which Recordati Rare Diseases Inc. must pay to the U.S. health care insurance schemes;



                                                                                                           127
                                                                                 2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




    The payable of € 3.5 million related to the acquisition of a further 10% of the capital of Opalia Pharma
     reclassified among current liabilities on the basis of the put and call options provided for
     contractually. The fair value of this purchase option is measured at level 2 as the valuation model
     considers the present value of the expected payments;
    € 1.5 million to be paid to the Italian National Health Service resulting from the 1.83% discount
     applicable to the retail price of reimbursed pharmaceutical products before VAT.


27. TAX LIABILITIES
   Tax liabilities at 31 December 2022 amounted to € 33.6 million (€ 29.5 million at 31 December 2021)
   and include mainly tax payables, net of advances already paid, computed by the companies on the basis
   of estimated taxable income, and withholding taxes payable. The balance related to EUSA Pharma
   amounted to € 3.1 million.


28. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
   At 31 December 2022, other current liabilities amounted to € 5.7 million, down by € 0.8 million
   compared to 31 December 2021. An amount of € 3.9 million is attributable to the adoption of the IFRS
   15 accounting principle, based on which some deferred revenue is recognized in the income statement
   in variable instalments based on the fulfilment of the conditions for revenue recognition.


29. PROVISIONS FOR RISKS AND CHARGES
   Provisions for risks and charges set aside at 31 December 2022 amounted to € 16.2 million and include
   tax provisions and other provisions for future contingencies to cover liabilities of uncertain timing and
   value. The following tables show their composition and changes.

   € (thousands)                                          31/12/2022         31/12/2021             Changes
                                                                                                  2022/2021
   For taxes                                                      531              1,048               (517)
   Future contingencies                                        15,678             20,348             (4,670)
   Total other provisions                                      16,209             21,396             (5,187)

   € (thousands)                                                                   2022                2021


   Balance at 1 January                                                          21,396              17,113
   Additions                                                                       2,866               8,138
   Change to scope of consolidation                                                  284                   0
   Utilizations                                                                  (8,337)             (3,855)
   Balance at 31 December                                                        16,209              21,396

   The year‐end balance is mainly related to the Parent Company and to the other Italian companies (€ 6.2
   million), to the companies in France (€ 3.5 million) and in Germany (€ 1.7 million), the Spanish company
   Casen Recordati (€ 2.8 million) and Jaba Recordati in Portugal (€ 0.7 million).
   Utilisation during the year mainly refers to the finalisation of agreements with employees affected by
   the sales force restructuring in the Specialty and Primary Care sector, begun in certain countries in the
   fourth quarter of 2021.



                                                                                                         128
                                                                                 2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




30. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE (included in current
    liabilities)
   At 31 December 2022 the value of derivative instruments included under this item amounted to € 17.4
   million.
   In October 2019, Recordati S.p.A. entered into forward exchange contracts to hedge the intercompany
   loan granted to Recordati AG for an amount of 228.9 million Swiss francs. The measurement of the
   derivative at 31 December 2022 on the outstanding loan of 122.6 million Swiss francs was a negative for
   € 14.4 million compared to the € 9.3 million at 31 December 2021, with the difference recognized in the
   income statement, offsetting the exchange gains determined by the valuation of the underlying loan at
   current exchange rates.
   At 31 December 2022, other hedging transactions were in place on foreign currency positions, the
   measurement of which was negative for € 3.0 million compared to the € 2.8 million at 31 December
   2021, with the difference recognized to the income statement and offsetting the exchange gains arising
   from the valuation of the underlying positions at current exchange rates.
   The fair value of these hedging derivatives is measured at level 2 of the hierarchy provided for in the
   accounting standard IFRS 13 (see note 2). The fair value is equal to the current value of the estimated
   future cash flows. Estimates of future floating‐rate cash flows are based on quoted swap rates futures
   prices and interbank borrowing rates. Estimated cash flows are discounted using a yield curve which
   reflects the relevant benchmark interbank rate used by market participants for pricing interest rate
   swaps.


31. SHORT‐TERM DEBTS TO BANKS AND OTHER LENDERS
   Short‐term debts to banks and other lenders at 31 December 2022 were € 83.4 million and mainly
   comprise temporary use of short‐term credit lines by the parent company, as well overdrafts of a
   number of foreign associates and interest due on existing loans.
   On 1 March 2022, the Parent Company took out a revolving credit line with UniCredit, with a maximum
   term of 12 months and for a maximum amount of € 40 million. This credit line, which at 31 December
   2022 was used for € 30.0 million, is a short‐term financing instrument providing financial flexibility,
   combining irrevocability with variability of use based on specific financial requirements. The agreement
   signed requires compliance with financial and income conditions similar to those for other existing loans.


32. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   As prescribed by IFRS 7, the book values and fair values at 31 December 2022 of financial assets and
   liabilities are resented below:




                                                                                                         129
                                                                                  2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   € (thousands)                                                                     Book value          Fair value


   Financial assets
   Financial assets measured at fair value
   Other equity investments and securities                                                28,871            28,871
   Derivative instruments measured at fair value                                          23,603            23,603
   Financial assets not measured at fair value
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                            284,734            284,734
   Trade receivables                                                                    361,898            361,898
   Other receivables                                                                     63,915             63,915

   Financial liabilities
   Financial liabilities measured at fair value
   Derivative instruments measured at fair value                                          17,369            17,369
   Other payables                                                                          3,539             3,539
   Financial liabilities not measured at fair value
   Loans
    ‐at variable interest rates                                                        1,265,160         1,265,160
    ‐ at variable interest rates hedged with interest rate swaps                          42,733            42,733
    ‐ at fixed interest rates                                                            233,580           214,689
    ‐ at fixed interest rates hedged with cross currency swaps                            60,815            57,411
    ‐ lease liabilities                                                                   30,808            30,808
   Trade payables                                                                        224,703           224,703
   Other payables                                                                        281,212           281,212
   Short‐term debts to banks and other lenders                                            83,425            83,425


33. DISCLOSURE OF FINANCIAL RISKS
   The Group constantly monitors the financial risks to which it is exposed in order to take immediate
   mitigating actions when necessary.
   The Group aims at achieving a balanced and prudent financial structure as a basic condition for funding
   internal and external growth, minimizing financing costs and maximizing yields. Speculative investments
   in equities, funds or financial assets which could impair the value of the company are forbidden.
   The only financial investments permitted are investments in risk‐free assets and/or funds issued by
   major financial institutions.
   The Group monitors the financial risks to which it is exposed in order to take immediate mitigating
   actions, whenever necessary, in compliance with the applicable legislations and regulations.
   All companies belonging to the Group work only with investment grade banks.
   On the basis of the above and considering that the related effects would be insignificant, no sensitivity
   analysis has been performed.
   As prescribed by IFRS 7, the main financial risks to which the Group is exposed are disclosed below.
   Credit risk ‐ The Group closely controls its credit exposure through the allocation of credit limits to each
   single customer and an internal reporting system. At 31 December 2022, the credit exposure was not
   critical due to the large number of customers, their geographic distribution and the average amount of
   each account receivable. In particular, at 31 December 2022, total trade receivables of € 379.6 million
   included € 34.6 million in receivables past due by more than 90 days. Of these, € 8.6 million are




                                                                                                           130
                                                                                 2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




receivables from public hospitals which, despite their long collection times, do not represent a
significant risk situation. The provisions for doubtful accounts of € 17.7 million are considered sufficient
to cover potential losses due to insolvency. When assessing credit risk, the potential impact of the war
in Ukraine was considered, while effects associated with the COVID‐19 pandemic were not deemed
relevant.
Interest rate risk ‐ The Group raises funds using debt and invests excess cash in money market and other
financial instruments. The fluctuation of market interest rates influences the cost and returns of the
debt and investment instruments, therefore affecting the Group’s net financial expenses.
The Group’s policy is to limit the risk arising from interest rate fluctuations by establishing fixed interest
loans or variable interest loans hedged by derivative financial instruments, which are used to hedge risk
and are never of a speculative nature, to minimize such fluctuations, as described in Note 22. As a result
of this policy and considering the current amount of net debt, it is believed that changes in current
interest rates would not have a significant impact on net financial expenses.
Foreign currency risk ‐ The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which can
affect its operating results and the value of its equity. All companies are subject to exchange rate
fluctuations affecting trade and financial balances denominated in currencies different from their own.
In order to limit this risk, in some cases, non‐speculative hedging instruments are negotiated.
As at 31 December 2022, positions in currencies other that the euro in companies in countries belonging
to the European Monetary Union not hedged by derivative instruments are the following:
   net receivables of 24.4 million Polish zloty;
   net receivables of 2.9 million British pounds;
   net receivables of 33.8 million Mexican pesos;
   net receivables of 2.2 million Canadian dollars;
   net debts of 1,654.8 million Russian roubles;
   net debts of 7.7 million Swiss francs.
Among the companies in countries outside the European Monetary Union, at 31 December 2022, the
main net exposures in currencies other than their own and not hedged by derivative instruments are in
euro, U.S. dollars, and Japanese yen. Net exposures in euro refer to the companies located in Switzerland
(net payables of 18.2 million), the United States (net payables of 4.5 million), Japan (net payables of 2.0
million), Australia (net payables of 1.9 million), Canada (net payables of 1.4 million), Türkiye (net
payables of 1.2 million), Sweden (net payables of 1.0 million) and Tunisia (net receivables of 1.0 million).
Net exposures in U.S. dollars refer mainly to the companies in Switzerland (net payables of 7.8 million),
Brazil (net payables of 3.4 million) and Colombia (net payables of 1.3 million). Exposure in Japanese yen
refers to the companies in Switzerland (net receivables of 393.7 million).
For consolidation purposes, the income statements and balance sheets of the Group companies located
outside the European Monetary Union are converted from their local currencies into euro. At 31
December 2022, the net asset values of these companies, excluding goodwill, are denominated mainly
in U.S. dollars (374.0 million), pounds sterling (16.8 million), Swiss francs (321.3 million), Turkish lira
(1,131.0 million), Czech crowns (391.3 million), Romanian ron (40.9 million), Russian roubles (7,112.4
million), Polish zloty (59.0 million) and Tunisian dinars (85.0 million). The effect of exchange rate
variations on the conversion of these amounts is recognized in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income and booked to the translation reserve in shareholders’ equity which, at 31
December 2022, was a negative € 205.0 million.
Liquidity risk ‐ The liquidity risk to which the Group may be exposed is represented by the inability to
raise sufficient financial resources for its ongoing business and for the development of its industrial and
commercial activities. The two main factors which determine the Group’s liquidity are, on the one hand,
the cash generated or absorbed by operations and by investments, and on the other, the expiry and



                                                                                                          131
                                                                                 2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   renewal terms of debt or the degree of liquidity of financial investments and market conditions. At 31
   December 2022, the Group has at its disposal liquidity readily available for its operations and plentiful
   lines of credit granted by a number of leading Italian and international financial institutions. The terms
   and conditions of the Group’s loans and its financial assets are set out in Notes 18, 22 and 31 which
   address, respectively, short‐term financial investments, cash and cash equivalents, medium/long‐term
   loans and payables to banks. The Group believes that the funds and credit lines currently available, in
   addition to those generated by operations and financing activities, are sufficient to meet investment
   needs, working capital requirements and the repayment of debts at their natural due dates.


34. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
   EUSA Pharma
   On 16 March 2022 the Group acquired 100% of the shares of EUSA Pharma, a leading pharmaceutical
   company with a portfolio of four products in the niche rare cancer segment, with its eleven subsidiaries.
   For accounting purposes, the acquisition was consolidated on 31 March 2022.
   The table below summarises the values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, expressed at
   their fair value. These values differ from those published in the interim report, when, given the short
   period of time that had passed since the acquisition date, the necessary activities had not yet been
   undertaken for an in‐depth measurement of the values acquired.

   € (thousands)                                                                                   Values at
                                                                                                31/03/2022
                                                                                         (pursuant to IFRS 3)
   Non‐current assets
    Property, plant and equipment                                                                    3,811
    Intangible assets                                                                              530,315
    Other non‐current assets                                                                           961
    Deferred tax assets                                                                              8,198
   Current assets
    Inventories                                                                                    162,653
    Trade receivables                                                                               35,069
    Other receivables                                                                                7,554
    Other current assets                                                                             6,815
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       53,235

   Non‐current liabilities
    Loans ‐ due after one year                                                                      (2,212)
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                      (143,462)
   Current liabilities
    Trade payables                                                                                 (17,459)
    Other payables                                                                                 (11,878)
    Tax liabilities                                                                                   (601)
    Other current liabilities                                                                         (182)
    Provisions for risks and charges                                                                  (275)
    Loans ‐ due within one year                                                                    (79,398)
                                                                                                   553,144
    Goodwill                                                                                       153,850
   Cost of the acquisition                                                                         706,994




                                                                                                         132
                                                                                   2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   The process of identifying the assets and liabilities acquired at the related fair values at the acquisition
   date led to the identification of a higher value of the intangible assets Qarziba®, Sylvant®, Fotivda® and
   Caphosol® and of the related inventories. Consequently, the difference between the cost of the business
   combination and the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities acquired was allocated for € 443.9
   million to intangible assets, for € 141.9 million to inventories, for € 142.5 million to the related deferred
   tax liabilities and for € 153.9 million to the item “Goodwill”.

   The table below shows the acquisition cash flow breakdown:
   € (thousands)
   Acquired cash and cash equivalents                                                                   53,235
   Amount paid                                                                                       (706,994)
   Cash flow net of acquisition                                                                      (653,759)


   Telefil®
   On 21 December 2022, the parent company acquired from V.I.M. G. Ottaviani S.p.A., a business unit
   associated with the pharmaceutical specialty Telefil®, for treatment of erectile dysfunction and benign
   prostatic hyperplasia, for € 19.6 million.
   The process of identifying the business unit components at their related fair values at the acquisition
   date led to the identification of a higher value for the brand Telefil® and the related inventories.
   Consequently, the difference of € 19.5 million between the cost of the business combination and the
   carrying amount of the assets and liabilities acquired was allocated for € 2.3 million to intangible assets,
   for € 0.4 million to inventories, for € 0.1 million to the related deferred tax liabilities and for € 16.9
   million to the item “Goodwill”.

   Acquisition of the Signifor® LAR asset
   As part of the acquisition of Signifor® LAR rights, finalised in October 2019, and based on subsequent
   agreements, effective 1 October 2022, the subsidiary Recordati AG took control of the assets for
   production of Signifor® LAR microparticles at the Novartis Pharma plant in Basel. The total value of the
   transaction is € 35.7 million and was assigned to intangible assets for the know‐how acquired in the
   amount of € 35.4 million and to property, plant and equipment for € 0.3 million. Payment was made
   during the year for € 13.7 million after authorisation was received from the relevant Swiss regulatory
   authorities, while € 22.0 million had been paid as an advance in 2021. Recordati AG has also signed a
   lease for the Basel plant owned by Novartis Pharma in which the production activities are carried out.
   The initial value of the rights of use was € 7.3 million, amortised based on the duration of the contract,
   taking into account reasonably expected renewals.


35. OPERATING SEGMENTS
   The financial information reported by line of business and geographic area, in compliance with IFRS 8 –
   Operating Segments, is prepared using the same accounting principles used for the preparation and
   disclosure of the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
   Based on the characteristics of their business, operational and strategic models two main business
   segments can be identified, the Specialty and Primary Care segment and the segment dedicated to
   treatments for rare diseases.
   The identification took into account the different management and marketing strategies applied to the
   products belonging to the two segments. Consequently, clearly identified and separate models and
   organizational structures have been developed. All economic and financial data derive from precise
   accounting and not from generic allocation criteria.



                                                                                                            133
                                                                                 2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




The geographic footprint of the Group’s Specialty and Primary Care business is focused mainly on
Europe. The Group operates in the main European markets, including Central and Eastern Europe, Russia
and the other C.I.S. countries, Ukraine, Türkiye and Tunisia, where it has established its own subsidiaries.
In the rest of the world sales of Specialty and Primary Care products are carried out mainly through
licensing agreements with pharmaceutical companies of high standing. The Group has gradually
extended its international presence through the acquisition of existing marketing organizations with the
aim of adding our proprietary products and those obtained under multi‐territorial licenses to the local
portfolios.
The Group’s segment dedicated to treatments for rare diseases is a worldwide business. The Group
operates through Recordati Rare Diseases, its dedicated group of subsidiaries, sharing the conviction
that each person with a rare disease has the right to the best possible treatment. Our organizations work
closely with specialists, health care professionals, patients, their families and associations to spread
knowledge, improve diagnosis and treatment, and enable access to treatment by supporting patients.
Recordati Rare Diseases operates directly in Europe, the Middle East, North Africa, the U.S.A., Canada,
Mexico, Brazil, Colombia, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, China and South Korea, through its subsidiaries
and highly qualified distributors in the rest of the world.
The Group’s chief executive officer reviews the internal management reports of each segment at least
quarterly.
The two following tables show financial information for these two business segments as at 31 December
2022 and include comparative data.
€ (thousands)                                    Specialty and   Rare diseases    Values not   Consolidated
                                                 Primary Care         segment      allocated       financial
                                                    segment*                                    statements
2022
Revenue                                             1,257,522         595,785              ‐       1,853,307
Expenses                                            (945,720)       (470,261)              ‐     (1,415,981)
Operating income                                      311,802         125,524              ‐         437,326

2021
Revenue                                             1,196,222          383,852             ‐       1,580,074
Expenses                                            (852,547)        (237,337)             ‐     (1,089,884)
Operating income                                      343,675          146,515             ‐         490,190
* Includes pharmaceutical chemical operations.




                                                                                                        134
                                                                                                         2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




€ (thousands)                                             Segment              Rare diseases        Not allocated**          Consolidated
                                                      Specialty and                 segment                                      financial
                                                     Primary Care *                                                           statements

31 December 2022
Non‐current assets                                         1,326,238                1,470,097                   28,871            2,825,206
Inventories                                                  229,031                  195,049                        ‐              424,080
Trade receivables                                            226,656                  135,242                        ‐              361,898
Other receivables and other current
assets                                                         47,435                  31,867                  23,603               102,905
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     284,734               284,734
Total assets                                               1,829,360                1,832,255                 337,208             3,998,823
Non‐current liabilities                                        45,941                 141,342               1,341,549             1,528,832
Current liabilities                                           352,475                 178,928                 392,340               923,743
Total liabilities                                             398,416                 320,270               1,733,889             2,452,575
Net capital employed                                       1,430,944                1,511,985

31 December 2021
Non‐current assets                                         1,162,131                  769,843                   34,124            1,966,098
Inventories                                                  182,344                   46,388                        ‐              228,732
Trade receivables                                            228,591                   79,187                        ‐              307,778
Other receivables and other current
assets                                                         45,712                   12,152                 11,149                69,013
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     244,578               244,578
Total assets                                               1,618,778                  907,570                 289,851             2,816,199

Non‐current liabilities                                        41,440                   6,245                 760,473               808,158
Current liabilities                                           249,046                 131,496                 245,874               626,416
Total liabilities                                             290,486                 137,741               1,006,347             1,434,574

Net capital employed                                       1,328,292                  769,829
* Includes pharmaceutical chemical operations.
** Amounts not allocated refer to the items other equity investments and securities, cash and cash equivalents, loans, derivative instruments
and short‐term debts to banks and other lenders.

The pharmaceutical chemical business is considered part of the Specialty and Primary Care segment as
it is mainly engaged in the production of active ingredients for finished pharmaceutical products, both
from a strategic and organizational point of view.
No single customer contributed more than 10% to revenue in 2022 or in 2021.
The following table shows net revenue by geographic area:

€ (thousands)                                                                       2022                      2021                 Changes
                                                                                                                                 2022/2021
Europe                                                                       1,361,456                  1,208,253                   153,203
  of which Italy                                                               277,322                    265,361                    11,961
Australasia                                                                    114,944                     99,534                    15,410
America                                                                        323,503                    221,764                   101,739
Africa                                                                          53,404                     50,523                     2,881
Total                                                                        1,853,307                  1,580,074                   273,233




                                                                                                                                         135
                                                                                                           2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   The Group’s production facilities are located almost exclusively in Europe, and therefore non‐current
   assets and investments are, for the most part, in this geographic area.


36. NET FINANCIAL POSITION
   The following table summarizes the Group’s net financial position: This situation is in line with the
   CONSOB call for attention 5/21 of 29 April 2021, in compliance with “Guidelines on disclosure
   requirements pursuant to the Prospectus Regulations”, published by ESMA on 4 March 2021 in the
   document “ESMA32‐382‐1138”.

   € (thousands)                                                                     31/12/2022            31/12/2021         Changes
                                                                                                                            2022/2021
   Deposits in bank current accounts and cash on hand                                     162,636                 230,924     (68,288)
   Short‐term time deposits                                                               122,098                  13,654     108,444
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                              284,734                 244,578       40,156

   Short‐term debts to banks and other lenders                                            (83,425)              (8,657)       (74,768)
   Loans ‐ due within one year                                                           (269,586)            (206,132)       (63,454)
   Notes issued (1)                                                                       (10,224)              (7,354)        (2,870)
   Leasing liabilities – due within one year                                               (9,237)              (8,100)        (1,137)
   Short‐term borrowings                                                                 (372,472)            (230,243)      (142,229)

   Short‐term financial position                                                          (87,738)                 14,335    (102,073)
   Loans ‐ due after one year                                                         (1,072,229)             (563,233)      (508,996)
   Notes issued (1)                                                                     (238,371)             (172,550)       (65,821)
   Leasing liabilities – due after one year                                              (21,571)              (15,091)        (6,480)
   Non‐current financial debt                                                         (1,332,171)             (750,874)      (581,297)

   Net financial position                                                             (1,419,909)             (736,539)      (683,370)
   (1) Includes the fair value measurement of the relative currency risk hedging instruments (cash flow hedge).




37. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN THE PARENT COMPANY’S SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND
    NET INCOME AND GROUP CONSOLIDATED SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND NET
    INCOME
   The reconciliation between the Parent Company’s shareholders’ equity and net income and the group
   consolidated shareholders’ equity and net income is as follows:




                                                                                                                                  136
                                                                                    2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   € (thousands)                                        Shareholders’ equity               Net income
                                                       31/12/2022     31/12/2021           2022           2021
   Recordati S.p.A.                                       362,988        400,644         219,233        219,109
   Consolidation adjustments:

   ‐ Elimination margins in inventories                    (84,561)      (72,668)        (11,893)         3,884
   ‐ Related tax effect                                      24,120        20,445           3,675       (1,259)
   ‐ Other adjustments                                     (24,974)      (19,535)         (5,494)       (3,189)
   Retained earnings of consolidated subsidiaries at
   beginning of the year, net of amounts already
   recognized by Recordati S.p.A.                        1,201,902       974,550                ‐                ‐
   Net income for consolidated subsidiaries, net of
   amounts already recognized by Recordati S.p.A.          271,791       291,275          271,791      291,275
   Dividends received from consolidated subsidiaries                                    (164,976)    (123,854)
   Write‐down of holdings in subsidiaries                                                       0            0
   Translation adjustments                               (205,018)     (213,086)                ‐            ‐
   Consolidated financial statements                     1,546,248     1,381,625          312,336      385,966


38. LITIGATION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   The Parent Company and some subsidiaries are parties to minor legal actions and disputes, the
   outcomes of which are not expected to result in any liability. The potential liabilities that can currently
   be measured are not for significant amounts. Some license agreements require the payment of future
   milestones as certain conditions—whose fulfillment is as yet uncertain—occur, with the consequence
   that the contractually required payments, estimated at around € 32 million, are merely potential at the
   moment.


39. RELATED‐PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   The Group’s direct parent is Rossini S.à r.l., with headquarters in Luxembourg, which is owned by a
   consortium of investment funds controlled by CVC Capital Partners.
   In compliance with the disclosure obligations required by Article 38 of Italian Legislative Decree 127/91,
   it is hereby specified that the overall compensation of the Directors and Statutory Auditors of the Parent
   Company for the performance of their specific functions, including those in other Group companies,
   during 2022 amounted to € 2.3 million and € 0.2 million respectively.
   Key management personnel compensation comprised the following:
   € (thousands)                                                                        2022              2021


   Fixed remuneration                                                                   4,517            5,564
   Non‐monetary benefits                                                                  156              147
   Bonuses and other incentives                                                         2,456            2,293
   Share‐based payments                                                                 1,183              871

   Total                                                                                8.312            8,875


   Compensation of the Group’s key management personnel includes salaries and non‐cash benefits.
   Executive officers also participate in the Group’s stock option plans.



                                                                                                           137
                                                                                     2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




   Except for what is stated above, to our knowledge, no transactions or contracts have been entered into
   with related parties that can be considered significant in terms of value or conditions, or which could in
   any way materially affect the accounts.


40. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
   At the date of preparation of the financial statements, no significant events had occurred subsequent
   to the closing of the fiscal year that would require changes to the values of assets, liabilities or the profit
   and loss.

   With reference to the earthquake that hit Türkiye in February 2023, Recordati is prioritising the health
   and safety of its employees affected by the catastrophe. The Company promptly supplied emergency
   housing and immediate financial support and began an internal fundraising initiative to support our
   colleagues most affected by the crisis. To guarantee further basic assistance, Recordati also donated
   medicine and medical material to areas in need, in line with the list of requirements and rules issued by
   the Turkish Ministry of Health and the Turkish Agency for Medicine and Medical Devices (TITCK), as well
   as making a donation to the Turkish Agency for Emergency and Disaster Response (AFAD), which is
   providing essential support to victims of the earthquake. Recordati is monitoring the situation closely
   and assessing how to offer additional support to local emergency organisations and NGOs for their
   intense on‐site efforts.
   In light of the effects of the earthquake, at present, no signs of weakness have been identified, also in
   consideration of the natural resilience of the pharmaceutical sector. It is difficult to predict whether
   there may be any potential negative effects on business performance.

   In February, an agreement was finalised with ARS Pharmaceuticals to return the license for ARS‐1, a
   nasal spray containing epinephrine, at an advanced stage of development, for emergency treatment of
   serious allergic reactions, for which the discounted realisable value is estimated at € 12.5 million.

   Except for the above, no significant events occurred subsequent to the reporting date.




                                                                                                              138
                                                                                    2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




41. SUBSIDIARIES INCLUDED IN THE CONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022

Consolidated companies                                  Head office            Share    Currency   Consolidation
                                                                              capital                   method
RECORDATI S.p.A.                                               Italy    26,140,644.50       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, marketing and sales of
pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical chemicals
INNOVA PHARMA S.p.A.                                           Italy     1,920,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
CASEN RECORDATI S.L.                                          Spain    238,966,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
BOUCHARA RECORDATI S.A.S.                                   France       4,600,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES COMERCIO DE MEDICAMENTOS              Brazil          166.00        BRL      Line‐by‐line
LTDA
Holds pharmaceutical marketing rights in Brazil
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES INC.                                 U.S.A.     11,979,138.00       USD      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI IRELAND LTD                                       Ireland       200,000.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
LABORATOIRES BOUCHARA RECORDATI S.A.S.                      France      14,000,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI PHARMA GmbH                                     Germany         600,000.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI PHARMACEUTICALS LTD                               United      15,000,000.00       GBP      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals                              Kingdom
RECORDATI HELLAS PHARMACEUTICALS S.A.                       Greece      10,050,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
JABA RECORDATI S.A.                                        Portugal      2,000,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
JABAFARMA PRODUTOS FARMACÊUTICOS S.A.                      Portugal         50,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Promotion of pharmaceuticals
BONAFARMA PRODUTOS FARMACÊUTICOS S.A.                      Portugal         50,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Promotion of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI ORPHAN DRUGS S.A.S.                               France      61,069,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Holding company
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES MIDDLE EAST FZ LLC              United Arab       100,000.00        AED      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals                               Emirates
RECORDATI AB                                                Sweden        100,000.00        SEK      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES S.à r.l.                            France        320,000.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES UK Limited                          United          50,000.00       GBP      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals                              Kingdom
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES GERMANY GmbH                      Germany           25,600.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES SPAIN S.L.                            Spain      1,775,065.49       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES ITALY S.R.L.                           Italy        40,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI BV                                               Belgium          18,600.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
FIC MEDICAL S.à r.l.                                        France        173,700.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Promotion of pharmaceuticals
HERBACOS RECORDATI s.r.o.                                    Czech      25,600,000.00       CZK      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals      Republic
RECORDATI SK s.r.o.                                          Slovak         33,193.92       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals                               Republic




                                                                                                            139
                                                                                            2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Consolidated companies                                         Head office             Share    Currency   Consolidation
                                                                                      capital                    method
RUSFIC LLC                                                         Russian      3,560,000.00        RUB      Line‐by‐line
Development, promotion, and sales of pharmaceutical products    Federation
RECOFARMA ILAÇ Ve Hammaddeleri Sanayi Ve Ticaret L.Ş.              Türkiye      8,000,000.00        TRY      Line‐by‐line
Promotion of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI ROMÂNIA S.R.L.                                          Romania       5,000,000.00       RON       Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI İLAÇ Sanayi Ve Ticaret A.Ş.                              Türkiye    180,000,000.00        TRY      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI POLSKA Sp. z o.o.                                         Poland      4,500,000.00        PLN      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
ACCENT LLC                                                         Russian         20,000.00        RUB      Line‐by‐line
Holds pharmaceutical marketing rights                           Federation
RECORDATI UKRAINE LLC                                              Ukraine      1,031,896.30        UAH      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
CASEN RECORDATI PORTUGAL Unipessoal Lda                           Portugal       100,000.00         EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
OPALIA PHARMA S.A.                                                 Tunisia      9,656,000.00        TND      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
OPALIA RECORDATI S.à r.l.                                          Tunisia         20,000.00        TND      Line‐by‐line
Promotion of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES S.A. DE C.V.                               Mexico      16,250,000.00       MXN       Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES COLOMBIA S.A.S.                          Colombia     150,000,000.00        COP      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
ITALCHIMICI S.p.A.                                                    Italy     7,646,000.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI AG                                                   Switzerland     15,000,000.00        CHF      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI AUSTRIA GmbH                                             Austria         35,000.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES CANADA Inc.                                Canada        350,000.00         CAD      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES JAPAN K.K.                                   Japan     90,000,000.00         JPY     Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
NATURAL POINT S.r.l.                                                  Italy        10,400.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES AUSTRALIA Pty Ltd                         Australia      200,000.00         AUD      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
TONIPHARM S.a.s.                                                    France       257,700.00         EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI BULGARIA Ltd                                            Bulgaria         50,000.00        BGN      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI (BEIJING) PHARMACEUTICAL CO., Ltd (1)                   People’s      1,000,000.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals                                    Republic of
                                                                     China
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES FZCO(2)                                United Arab          1,000.00        AED      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals                                      Emirates
EUSA Pharma (UK) Limited(3)                                         United             10.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Research and marketing of pharmaceuticals                         Kingdom
EUSA Pharma (Italy) S.r.l. (3)                                        Italy        99,000.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
EUSA Pharma (France) S.A.S. (3)                                     France       476,522.00         EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
EUSA Pharma Iberia S.L. (3)                                          Spain         70,000.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
EUSA Pharma (Germany) GmbH(3)                                    Germany           25,000.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals




                                                                                                                    140
                                                                  2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Consolidated companies                Head office            Share    Currency   Consolidation
                                                            capital                    method
EUSA Pharma (Netherlands) B.V. (3)    Netherlands             1.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
EUSA Pharma (Denmark) ApS (3)           Denmark           50,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
EUSA Pharma (US) LLC (3)                   U.S.A.              1.00       USD      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
EUSA Pharma (Australia) Pty Ltd (3)      Australia             1.00       AUD      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
EUSA Pharma (CH) GmbH(3)              Switzerland         20,000.00       CHF      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI KOREA, Co. Ltd(3)           South Korea    100,000,000.00      KRW       Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
(1)
      Set up in 2021
(2)
      Set up in 2022
(3)
      Acquired in 2022




                                                                                          141
                                                                                                                  2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP
Consolidated           Recordati Recordati Bouchara   Casen Recordati Recordati Herbacos Recordati Opalia Recordati EUSA Recordati Recordati Total
companies                  S.p.A. Pharma Recordati Recordati Orphan        Rare Recordati Ilaç A.Ş. Pharma      AG Pharma         Rare      Rare
                          Parent    GmbH      S.a.s.    S.L.   Drugs Diseases       s.r.o.             S.A.           (UK) Diseases Diseases
                       Company                                  S.a.s.   S.à r.l.                                      Ltd. Italy S.r.l. Germany
                                                                                                                                           GmbH
INNOVA PHARMA            100.00                                                                                                                  100.00
S.P.A.
CASEN RECORDATI          100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
S.L.
BOUCHARA                 100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI S.A.S.
RECORDATI RARE           100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
DISEASES
COMERCIO DE
MEDICAMENTOS
LTDA
RECORDATI RARE           100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
DISEASES INC.
RECORDATI                100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
IRELAND LTD
LABORATOIRES                                100.00                                                                                              100.00
BOUCHARA
RECORDATI S.A.S.
RECORDATI                 55.00                        45.00                                                                                    100.00
PHARMA GmbH
RECORDATI                100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
PHARMACEUTICALS
LTD
RECORDATI HELLAS         100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
PHARMACEUTICALS
S.A.
JABA RECORDATI                                        100.00                                                                                    100.00
S.A.
JABAFARMA                                             100.00                                                                                    100.00
PRODUTOS
FARMACÊUTICOS
S.A.
BONAFARMA                                             100.00                                                                                    100.00
PRODUTOS
FARMACÊUTICOS
S.A.
RECORDATI                 84.00     16.00                                                                                                       100.00
ORPHAN DRUGS
S.A.S.
RECORDATI RARE                                                  100.00                                                                          100.00
DISEASES MIDDLE
EAST FZ LLC
RECORDATI AB                                                    100.00                                                                          100.00


RECORDATI RARE                                                  100.00                                                                          100.00
DISEASES
S.à r.l.
RECORDATI RARE                                                           100.00                                                                 100.00
DISEASES UK
Limited
RECORDATI RARE                                                           100.00                                                                 100.00
DISEASES GERMANY
GmbH
RECORDATI RARE                                                           100.00                                                                 100.00
DISEASES SPAIN S.L.
RECORDATI RARE                                                           100.00                                                                 100.00
DISEASES ITALY
S.R.L.
RECORDATI BV                                                     99.46     0.54                                                                 100.00


FIC MEDICAL S.à r.l.                        100.00                                                                                              100.00


HERBACOS                 100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI s.r.o.




                                                                                                                                                  142
                                                                                                                 2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Consolidated          Recordati Recordati Bouchara   Casen Recordati Recordati Herbacos Recordati Opalia Recordati EUSA Recordati Recordati Total
companies                 S.p.A. Pharma Recordati Recordati Orphan        Rare Recordati Ilaç A.Ş. Pharma      AG Pharma         Rare      Rare
                         Parent    GmbH      S.a.s.    S.L.   Drugs Diseases       s.r.o.             S.A.           (UK) Diseases Diseases
                      Company                                  S.a.s.   S.à r.l.                                      Ltd. Italy S.r.l. Germany
                                                                                                                                          GmbH
RECORDATI SK s.r.o.                                                              100.00                                                         100.00



RUSFIC LLC                                 100.00                                                                                              100.00

RECOFARMA ILAÇ
Ve Hammaddeleri
                                                                                            100.00                                             100.00
Sanayi Ve Ticaret
L.Ş.
RECORDATI
                        100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
ROMÂNIA S.R.L.
RECORDATI İLAÇ
Sanayi Ve Ticaret                                    100.00                                                                                    100.00
A.Ş.
RECORDATI POLSKA
                        100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
Sp. z o.o

ACCENT LLC              100.00                                                                                                                 100.00

RECORDATI
                          0.01               99.99                                                                                             100.00
UKRAINE LLC
CASEN RECORDATI
PORTUGAL                                             100.00                                                                                    100.00
Unipessoal Lda
OPALIA PHARMA
                         90.00                                                                                                                   90.00
S.A.
OPALIA RECORDATI
                                              1.00                                                   99.00                                     100.00
S.à R.L.
RECORDATI RARE
DISEASES S.A. DE        99.998                                           0.002                                                                 100.00
C.V.
RECORDATI RARE
DISEASES                                             100.00                                                                                    100.00
COLOMBIA S.A.S.

ITALCHIMICI S.p.A.      100.00                                                                                                                 100.00


RECORDATI AG            100.00                                                                                                                 100.00

RECORDATI
                                                                                                             100.00                            100.00
AUSTRIA GmbH
RECORDATI RARE
DISEASES CANADA         100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
Inc.
RECORDATI RARE
DISEASES JAPAN                                                          100.00                                                                 100.00
K.K.
NATURAL POINT
                        100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
S.r.l.
RECORDATI RARE
DISEASES                                                                100.00                                                                 100.00
AUSTRALIA Pty Ltd

TONIPHARM S.a.s.        100.00                                                                                                                 100.00

RECORDATI
                        100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
BULGARIA Ltd
RECORDATI
(BEIJING)
PHARMACEUTICAL          100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
CO., Ltd (1)

RECORDATI RARE
                                                                        100.00                                                                 100.00
DISEASES FZCO(2)
EUSA Pharma (UK)
                        100.00                                                                                                                 100.00
Limited(3
EUSA Pharma (Italy)
                                                                                                                               100.00          100.00
S.r.l.(3)
EUSA Pharma
                                                                                                                      100.00                   100.00
(France) S.A.S.(3)




                                                                                                                                                 143
                                                                                                                    2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Consolidated             Recordati Recordati Bouchara   Casen Recordati Recordati Herbacos Recordati Opalia Recordati EUSA Recordati Recordati        Total
companies                    S.p.A. Pharma Recordati Recordati Orphan        Rare Recordati Ilaç A.Ş. Pharma      AG Pharma         Rare      Rare
                            Parent    GmbH      S.a.s.    S.L.   Drugs Diseases       s.r.o.             S.A.           (UK) Diseases Diseases
                         Company                                  S.a.s.   S.à r.l.                                      Ltd. Italy S.r.l. Germany
                                                                                                                                             GmbH
EUSA Pharma Iberia
                                                                                                                        100.00                       100.00
S.L.(3)
EUSA Pharma
                                                                                                                                           100.00 100.00
(Germany) GmbH(3)
EUSA Pharma
                                                                                                                        100.00                       100.00
(Netherlands) B.V.(3)
EUSA Pharma
                                                                                                                        100.00                       100.00
(Denmark) ApS(3)
EUSA Pharma (US)
                                                                                                                        100.00                       100.00
LLC(3)
EUSA Pharma
                                                                                                                        100.00                       100.00
(Australia) Pty(3)
EUSA Pharma (CH)
                                                                                                                        100.00                       100.00
GmbH(3)
RECORDATI KOREA,
                                                                                                                        100.00                       100.00
Co. Ltd(3)




(1)
      Set up in 2021
(2)
      Set up in 2022
(3)
      Acquired in 2022




                                                                                                                                                      144
                                                                                       2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
ANNEX 1

DISCLOSURE OF AUDITORS’ FEES FOR ACCOUNTING AUDITS AND OTHER SERVICES

Type of service                          Provider                               Recipient                    Fees
                                         of the service                                               Amounts in €

Accounting audit                         Auditor of Parent Company              Parent Company             243,308
Accounting audit                         Auditor of Parent Company              Subsidiaries                84,517
Accounting audit                         Network of auditor of Parent Company   Subsidiaries               890,536
Tax compliance                           Network of auditor of Parent Company   Subsidiaries                81,575
Signatures on returns and attestations   Auditor of Parent Company              Parent Company              39,970
Signatures on returns and attestations   Auditor of Parent Company              Subsidiaries                 3,701
Signatures on returns and attestations   Network of auditor of Parent Company   Subsidiaries                56,583
Other services                           Network of auditor of Parent Company   Subsidiaries                11,367




                                                                                                            145
                                                                                   2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Certification of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
PURSUANT TO ART. 154‐BIS OF ITALIAN LGS. DECREE 58/98

1.
I, the undersigned, Robert Koremans, as the Chief Executive Officer, and Luigi La Corte, as Financial Reporting
Manager of Recordati S.p.A., pursuant to the provisions or Article 154‐bis, paragraphs 3 and 4, of Italian
Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, hereby certify:
       the adequacy with respect to the Company structure and
       the effective application
of the administrative and accounting procedures applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements during financial year 2022.


2.
The undersigned certify further that:


2.1
the consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2022:
       have been prepared in accordance with the applicable International Accounting Standards, as
        endorsed by the European Union under the terms of Regulation (EC) no. 1606/2002 of the European
        Parliament and of the Council, of 19 July 2002;
       correspond to the amounts shown in the Company’s accounts, books and records;
       provide a fair and correct representation of the financial conditions, results of operations and cash
        flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries.


2.2
The annual report includes a reliable operating and financial review of the Company and of the Group as well
as a description of the main risks and uncertainties to which they are exposed.


Milan, 16 March 2023


Chief Executive Officer                                The Financial Reporting Manager
ROBERT KOREMANS                                        LUIGI LA CORTE




                                                                                                           146
Recordati Industria Chimica e
Farmaceutica S.p.A.
Consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2022

Independent auditor’s report pursuant to article 14 of
Legislative Decree n. 39, dated 27 January 2010, and article
10 of EU Regulation n. 537/2014
                                        EY S.p.A.                                      Tel: +39 02 722121
                                        Via Meravigli, 12                              Fax: +39 02 722122037
                                        20123 Milano                                   ey.com




Independent auditor’s report pursuant to article 14 of Legislative
Decree n. 39, dated 27 January 2010 and article 10 of EU Regulation
n. 537/2014
(Translation from the original Italian text)

To the Shareholders of
Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A.


Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Recordati Group (the Group), which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the
consolidated statement of income, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its financial performance and its cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the
European Union and with the regulations issued for implementing art. 9 of Legislative Decree n.
38/2005.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the
Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A. in accordance with the regulations and standards
on ethics and independence applicable to audits of financial statements under Italian Laws. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.

Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




EY S.p.A.
Sede Legale: Via Meravigli, 12 – 20123 Milano
Sede Secondaria: Via Lombardia, 31 – 00187 Roma
Capitale Sociale Euro 2.525.000,00 i.v.
Iscritta alla S.O. del Registro delle Imprese presso la CCIAA di Milano Monza Brianza Lodi
Codice fiscale e numero di iscrizione 00434000584 - numero R.E.A. di Milano 606158 - P.IVA 00891231003
Iscritta al Registro Revisori Legali al n. 70945 Pubblicato sulla G.U. Suppl. 13 - IV Serie Speciale del 17/2/1998
Iscritta all’Albo Speciale delle società di revisione
Consob al progressivo n. 2 delibera n.10831 del 16/7/1997

A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
We identified the following key audit matters:

 Key Audit Matter                                    Audit Response
 Recoverability of goodwill

 The goodwill recognized in the consolidated         Our audit procedures related to the key audit
 financial statements of Recordati Group as of 31    matter included, among the others:
 December 2022 amounts to Euro 780 million.            i. the analysis of the procedure adopted by
 The goodwill originates from acquisitions made             the Company and of the methodology
 by the Group and it has been allocated to the              applied in connection with the valuation of
 individual Cash Generating Unit (CGU) identified           goodwill, taking into account the
 on the basis of the business segments and the              impairment test procedure approved by
 markets where acquired companies operate.                  the Board of Directors of the parent
                                                            company on March 16, 2023;
 At each financial statements date, or more            ii. the evaluation of the methodology used
 frequently if needed, the directors verify the             for the identification of the CGUs and the
 recoverability of goodwill by comparing the                allocation of assets and liabilities to the
 carrying amount with the related value in use of           individual CGUs;
 each CGU, determined discounting the expected         iii. the analysis of the reasonableness of the
 cash flows. The processes as well as the                   expected cash flows;
 methods of evaluation and calculation of the          iv. the assessment of the quality of forecasts
 recoverable amount of each CGU, in terms of                as compared to the historical accuracy of
 value in use, are based on assumptions,                    the previous forecasts;
 sometimes complex, which imply, by their              v. the sensitivity analysis on key
 nature, estimates by the directors, especially             assumptions in order to identify the
 with regard to the forecast of future cash flows,          changes in assumptions that could have a
 the determination of the discount rates and                significant impact on the valuation of the
 growth rates adopted beyond the period with                recoverable amount.
 explicit forecasts.
                                                     Our procedures were performed with the
 Considering the significance of the item, the       support of our experts in valuation techniques,
 judgment requested and the complexity of the        who analyzed the valuation methodologies
 assumptions adopted in the estimation of the        adopted, verified the mathematical accuracy of
 recoverable amount of goodwill, we assessed         the calculation models and evaluated the
 this matter as a key audit matter.                  criteria adopted to determine the discount rates
                                                     and growth rates applied beyond the period with
 Financial statements disclosures related to this    explicit forecasts.
 matter are reported in the note "2. Summary of
 accounting standards" and in particular in the      Finally, we analyzed the disclosures provided in
 note "9. Goodwill”, which describes the             the consolidated financial statements of
 composition of the balance as of 31 December        Recordati Group as of 31 December 2022.
 2022, as well as the allocation process to the
 various CGUs and the methodology applied to
 assess the recoverable amount of assets, with
 specific reference to the valuation methodology
 and the assumptions used.




2
Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
Consolidated Financial Statements
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the
European Union and with the regulations issued for implementing art. 9 of Legislative Decree n.
38/2005, and, within the terms provided by the law, for such internal control as they determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.

The Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern and,
when preparing the consolidated financial statements, for the appropriateness of the going concern
assumption, and for appropriate disclosure thereof. The Directors prepare the consolidated financial
statements on a going concern basis unless they either intend to liquidate the the Parent Company
Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A. or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The statutory audit committee (“Collegio Sindacale”) is responsible, within the terms provided by the
law, for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing
(ISA Italia) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia), we have
exercised professional judgment and maintained professional skepticism throughout the audit. In
addition:
     we have identified and assessed the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
        financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, designed and performed audit procedures
        responsive to those risks, and obtained audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
        provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
        from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
        intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;
     we have obtained an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design
        audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of
        expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control;
     we have evaluated the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
        accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors;
     we have concluded on the appropriateness of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of
        accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists
        related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to
        continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
        to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements
        or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to consider this matter in forming our opinion. Our




3
        conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
        However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
        concern;
       we have evaluated the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated
        financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial
        statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
        presentation;
       we have obtained sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
        the entities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
        We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We
        remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We have communicated with those charged with governance, identified at an appropriate level as
required by ISA Italia, regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.

We have provided those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with the
ethical and independence requirements applicable in Italy, and we have communicated them all
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, the
actions taken to eliminate relevant risks or the safeguard measures applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we have determined those
matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period
and are therefore the key audit matters. We have described these matters in our auditor’s report.

Additional information pursuant to article 10 of EU Regulation n. 537/14
The shareholders of Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A., in the general meeting held on
29 April 2020, engaged us to perform the audits of the consolidated financial statements for each of
the years ending 31 December 2020 to 31 December 2028.

We declare that we have not provided prohibited non-audit services, referred to article 5, par. 1, of EU
Regulation n. 537/2014, and that we have remained independent of the Group in conducting the
audit.

We confirm that the opinion on the consolidated financial statements included in this report is
consistent with the content of the additional report to the audit committee (Collegio Sindacale) in
their capacity as audit committee, prepared pursuant to article 11 of the EU Regulation n. 537/2014.


Report on compliance with other legal and regulatory requirements
Opinion on the compliance with Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815
The Directors of Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A. are responsible for applying the
provisions of the European Commission Delegated Regulations (EU) 2019/815 for the regulatory
technical standards on the specification of a single electronic reporting format (ESEF – European
Single Electronic Format) (the “Delegated Regulation”) to the consolidated financial statements, to be
included in the annual financial report.




4
We have performed the procedures under the auditing standard SA Italia n. 700B, in order to express
an opinion on the compliance of the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2022 with
the provisions of the Delegated Regulation.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2022 have been prepared in
the XHTML format and have been marked-up, in all material aspects, in compliance with the
provisions of the Delegated Regulation.

Due to certain technical limitations, some information included in the illustrative notes to the
consolidated financial statements when extracted from the XHTML format to an XBRL instance may
not be reproduced in an identical manner with respect to the corresponding information presented in
the consolidated financial statements in XHTML format.

Opinion pursuant to article 14, paragraph 2, subparagraph e), of Legislative
Decree n. 39 dated 27 January 2010 and of article 123-bis, paragraph 4, of
Legislative Decree n. 58, dated 24 February 1998
The Directors of Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A. are responsible for the preparation
of the Report on Operations and of the Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure of
Group Recordati as at 31 December 2022, including their consistency with the related consolidated
financial statements and their compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.

We have performed the procedures required under audit standard SA Italia n. 720B, in order to
express an opinion on the consistency of the Report on Operations and of specific information
included in the Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure as provided for by article
123-bis, paragraph 4, of Legislative Decree n. 58, dated 24 February 1998, with the consolidated
financial statements of Recordati Group as at 31 December 2022 and on their compliance with the
applicable laws and regulations, and in order to assess whether they contain material misstatements.

In our opinion, the Report on Operations and the above-mentioned specific information included in
the Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure are consistent with the consolidated
financial statements of Recordati Group as at 31 December 2022 and comply with the applicable laws
and regulations.

With reference to the statement required by art. 14, paragraph 2, subparagraph e), of Legislative
Decree n. 39, dated 27 January 2010, based on our knowledge and understanding of the entity and
its environment obtained through our audit, we have no matters to report.

Statement pursuant to article 4 of Consob Regulation implementing Legislative
Decree n. 254, dated 30 December 2016
The Directors of Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A. are responsible for the preparation
of the non-financial information pursuant to Legislative Decree n. 254, dated 30 December 2016. We
have verified that non-financial information has been approved by Directors.




5
Pursuant to article 3, paragraph 10, of Legislative Decree n. 254, dated 30 December 2016, such
non-financial information is subject to a separate compliance report signed by us.


Milan, 29 March 2023

EY S.p.A.
Signed by: Renato Macchi, Auditor


This independent auditor’s report has been translated into the English language solely for the
convenience of international readers. Accordingly, only the original text in Italian language is
authoritative.




6
