       MINIEYE TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD
       (a joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability) Stock Code : ����




INTERIM REPORT ����
                        CONTENTS




                     Corporate Information      2
                        Financial Highlights    4
       Management Discussion and Analysis       5
Corporate Governance and Other Information     17
      Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                     Comprehensive Loss        28
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet      30
      Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                        Changes in Equity      32
      Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                              Cash Flows       33
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
                        Financial Statements   34
                                 Definitions   70
2   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




    CORPORATE INFORMATION




    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                              STRATEGY COMMITTEE

    Executive Directors                             Dr. Liu Guoqing (Chairperson)
    Dr. Liu Guoqing (Chairman of the Board and      Mr. Yang Guang
      General Manager)                              Dr. Tan Mingkui
    Mr. Yang Guang
    Mr. Zhou Xiang                                  JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES(1)
    Mr. Wang Qicheng
                                                    Ms. Luo Xiwen
    Non-executive Directors                         Ms. Tam Hiu Kwan (ACG, HKACG)
    Mr. Bi Lei
    Ms. Liu Yiran                                   AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES(1)

    Independent non-executive Directors             Dr. Liu Guoqing
    Dr. Xiang Yang                                  Ms. Tam Hiu Kwan
    Mr. Tan Kaiguo
    Dr. Tan Mingkui                                 AUDITOR(2)

    SUPERVISORS                                     Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited
                                                    Certified Public Accountants
    Mr. Liao Diguang (Chairman of the Supervisory   Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
      Committee)                                    Room 3203A–05
    Mr. Ao Zhengguang                               Tower Two, Lippo Centre
    Mr. Wan Hao                                     Admiralty, Hong Kong


    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                 LEGAL ADVISOR

    Dr. Xiang Yang                                  As to Hong Kong laws:
    Mr. Tan Kaiguo (Chairperson)                    Linklaters
    Dr. Tan Mingkui                                 11th Floor, Alexandra House
                                                    18 Chater Road
    REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL                      Central, Hong Kong
    COMMITTEE
                                                    COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
    Dr. Xiang Yang
    Mr. Tan Kaiguo                                  SBI China Capital Hong Kong Securities Limited
    Dr. Tan Mingkui (Chairperson)                   4/F, Henley Building
                                                    No. 5 Queen’s Road Central
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE              (3)           Hong Kong


    Ms. Liu Yiran
    Dr. Xiang Yang (Chairperson)
    Dr. Tan Mingkui
                                                                                                                                     2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                   3

                                                                                                                 CORPORATE INFORMATION




REGISTERED OFFICE, HEADQUARTERS                                                   HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
THE PRC                                                                           Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                                                  17/F, Far East Finance Centre
25th Floor, Tower A, Building 1                                                   16 Harcourt Road
Zhongzhou Binhai Commercial Center                                                Hong Kong
No. 9285 Binhe Avenue
Shangsha Community, Sha Tau Street                                                PRINCIPAL BANKS
Futian District, Shenzhen
Guangdong Province, PRC                                                           China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Shenzhen Branch
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
HONG KONG                                                                         China Construction Bank Corporation
                                                                                  Shenzhen Branch
Room 1918
19/F, Lee Garden One                                                              Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
33 Hysan Avenue                                                                   Shenzhen Branch
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong


COMPANY WEBSITE

www.minieye.cc


STOCK CODE

2431


LISTING DATE

December 27, 2024




Note:


1.      Mr. Wen Qi resigned from his role as a joint company secretary of the Company with effect from March 28, 2025. Ms. Luo Xiwen was appointed as a joint
        company secretary with effect from March 28, 2025. Ms. Lam Wing Chi resigned from her role as a joint company secretary and authorized representative of
        the Company with effect from June 13, 2025. Ms. Tam Hiu Kwan was appointed as a joint company secretary and authorized representative of the Company
        with effect from June 13, 2025.


2.      The term of office of the auditor of the Company, PricewaterhouseCoopers, has expired upon the conclusion of the Company’s 2024 annual general meeting
        held on May 23, 2025. The appointment of Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited was resolved by the Board on July 25, 2025 and approved by an ordinary
        resolution at the Company’s 2025 second extraordinary general meeting held on August 13, 2025.


3.      With effect from September 19, 2025, Dr. Liu Guoqing ceased to serve as a member of the Nomination Committee and Ms. Liu Yiran has been appointed as a
        member of the Nomination Committee.
4   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




    The Board is pleased to announce the unaudited consolidated interim results of the Group for the six months ended
    June 30, 2025, together with the comparative figures for the corresponding period in 2024.


    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

                                                                                            For the six months ended
                                                                                                        June 30,
                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                            (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                                                                  (RMB in thousands,
                                                                                                 except for percentages)


     Revenue                                                                                       345,719          236,675
     Gross profit                                                                                   51,751           33,421
     Gross profit margin                                                                             15.0%             14.1%
     Operating loss                                                                               (162,389)         (109,935)
     Loss for the period                                                                          (162,287)         (112,048)
     Loss for the period attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                                                     (151,558)         (108,135)
        Non-controlling interests                                                                  (10,729)            (3,913)
                                                                                                   2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                            5

                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

Business Highlights
In the first half of 2025, against the backdrop of the government accelerating the development of AI and intelligent
driving industry chain, our Group maintained strong growth in its overall business. At the industry level, propelled by
OEMs’ strategies to advance intelligent driving technologies to broader market segments since the beginning of the
year, the intelligent driving industry in China is experiencing a major transformation and explosive growth potentials.
The rapid increase in the demand for mid- to high-level driver assistance systems has opened up significant market
potential for our Group’s intelligent driving business. In addition, a range of supporting regulations and policies
were introduced by the government this year to standardize and promote the healthy development of the intelligent
driving sector. Notably, the announcement of a national standard project by the Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology on the Safety Requirements for Combined Driver Assistance Systems of Intelligent Connected Vehicles
(《智 能 網 聯 汽 車 組 合 駕 駛 輔 助 系 統 安 全 要 求》) is expected to spur industry consolidation and drive greater market
share toward companies with strong in-house research capabilities and mass production experience. In April 2025, the
Ministry of Transport issued amendments to five transport industry standards, including the Safety Technical Conditions
for Commercial Trucks Part 1: Trucks (《營 運 貨 車 安 全 技 術 條 件 第 1 部 分：載 貨 汽 車》), mandating installation and
performance requirements for driver assistance functions such as Automatic Emergency Braking Systems (AEBS) in
commercial vehicles including commercial trucks and commercial passenger vehicles. In May 2025, the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology released a consultation draft of Technical Requirements and Test Methods for
AEBS in Light Vehicles (《輕 型 汽 車 自 動 緊 急 制 動 系 統 技 術 要 求 及 試 驗 方 法》), expanding the mandatory installation
of AEBS to passenger cars and light trucks, further increasing market penetration rate of intelligent driving systems.
There are new opportunities for the intelligent cabin business, where both the above-mentioned Safety Requirements
for Combined Driver Assistance Systems of Intelligent Connected Vehicles and Technical Requirements and Test
Methods for AEBS in Light Vehicles include provisions stating that vehicles must be equipped with Driver Monitoring
Systems (DMS). As a critical in-cabin feature for enhancing driving safety, DMS penetration rates are expected to
increase, providing new growth momentum for our Group.


Supported by both market demand and national policy, the intelligent driving industry is growing rapidly. Leveraging
our continuous technological innovation and efficient and stable mass production capabilities, our Company’s business
scale has maintained rapid growth. During the Reporting Period, our total revenue reached RMB345.7 million,
representing a year-on-year growth of 46.1%; our gross profit amounted to RMB51.8 million; and our gross profit
margin was 15.0%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.9 percentage point. Our Group recorded the loss for the
period amounted to RMB162.3 million, primarily attributable to our increased investment in mid- to high-level driver
assistance and L4 autonomous driving technologies. Without taking into account the impacts of non-cash expenses
include share-based payments, the adjusted loss for the period amounted to RMB142.6 million.
6   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    During the first half of the year, we continuously iterated our intelligent driving solutions and further enhanced our
    intelligent driving product portfolio. In February 2025, we launched the iPilot 4 Plus intelligent driving solution, which
    is built on Horizon Journey 6M chips and can support multi-sensor fusion with devices such as LiDAR. This solution
    enables city navigation assistance and point-to-point features across different scenarios including urban districts,
    highways and parking lots, and leverages end-to-end algorithms to further optimize decision-making efficiency and
    generalization in complex scenarios. In June 2025, we launched the higher-performance iPilot 4 Pro intelligent driving
    solution, which is developed on a 256 TOPS high-compute chip platform. This solution delivers a more intelligent and
    comfortable city navigation experience, achieves breakthroughs in complex scenarios which require decision-making,
    handling extreme weather conditions and other complicated intersections, thereby effectively broadening scenario
    coverage, improving traffic efficiency and enhancing response speed. We have already secured platform-based design
    wins for iPilot 4 Pro from OEMs and expect to commence mass production in the first half of 2026.


    Our Group continues to pursue a progressive business layout from L0 to L4 intelligent driving and has achieved
    significant breakthrough in our L4 autonomous driving business line, iRobo, in the first half of this year. Notably,
    L4 autonomous minibus business first reached development milestone, achieving commercialization in Suzhou in
    February 2025. This milestone signified that our L4 autonomous driving technology has been validated by the market
    and has officially become a new growth driver. Such autonomous minibus business rapidly expanded during the
    Reporting Period, rolling out in several cities and provinces including Heilongjiang, Shanghai and Hangzhou, with a
    cumulative total of over 10 projects secured. At the same time, we keenly captured new opportunities. This year, driven
    by favourable local government policy and capital investment into the industry, unmanned logistics and other freight
    scenarios experienced a booming commercialization period. Local policies recently released including Guangzhou
    Innovative Development Regulations for Intelligent Connected Vehicles (《廣 州 市 智 能 網 聯 汽 車 創 新 發 展 條 例》) (on
    February 28, 2025), Beijing Autonomous Vehicle Regulations (《北 京 市 自 動 駕 駛 汽 車 條 例》) (on April 1, 2025) and
    Shanghai Development Implementation Plan for the Leading Zone for High-level Autonomous Driving (《上 海 高 級 別
    自 動 駕 駛 引 領 區 發 展 行 動 方 案》) (on July 26, 2025) have provided clear compliance frameworks for local support of
    autonomous driving industry development. Leveraging an early L4 autonomous driving technology deployment, our
    Group has focused on technical research and product development for unmanned logistics and other freight scenarios,
    proactively seeking commercialization opportunities.


    In the intelligent cabin business, we remain committed to iterative upgrades and product integration, aiming to
    provide our customers with more intelligent and cost-effective solutions. In the first half of the year, we achieved dual
    breakthroughs in product innovation. First, for comprehensive upgrade of the technology stack, we launched our new
    large model cabin solution, AI assistant – BamBam, integrating multimodal large model technology based on the
    existing cabin system to enhance feature extraction and logical reasoning. This not only improves vehicle safety but
    also provides personalized, all-scenario and proactive smart services to users. Second, for an integrated innovation
    at the product form level, we released our full-stack self-developed, all-in-one intelligent cabin DMS solution, iCabin
    Lite. Compared to traditional split solutions, iCabin Lite highly integrates the DMS camera and controller, which aligns
    with the industry’s trend toward “integrated solutions” and responds precisely to auto manufacturers’ demands for
    improved development efficiency, cost control and multi-model adaptability, representing the cutting edge of intelligent
    cabin sensing hardware evolution.
                                                                                                      2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                               7

                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Building on years of parallel technological deployment in intelligent driving and intelligent cabin, our Group has
established an integrated technical architecture covering the sensing, decision-making, and interaction layers, with
“cabin-driving integration” as its core strategy. By connecting data from both intelligent driving and cabin functions, we
provide closed-loop capabilities from environmental perception to human–machine interaction. Our rich product matrix
allows us to flexibly deliver customised solutions for different client needs, and synergies between intelligent cabin and
driving businesses are creating expanded business opportunities.


We continue to expand our customer ecosystem, maintaining close cooperation with several leading OEMs and tier-
one suppliers while further broadening our customer coverage. During the Reporting Period, we secured design wins
from a globally renowned automotive joint venture brand, a luxury brand and a new energy automaker, reflecting not
only our expanded customer base but also a trend from domestic to joint venture customers. As of June 30, 2025,
we had achieved mass production partnerships with 42 OEMs, with 18 new design wins from OEMs and tier-one
suppliers during the Reporting Period. Notably, in the first half of the year, design wins from Changan Automobile ( 長
安汽車 ) and another globally renowned automaker were for platform-based projects, including a total of 6 platform-
based projects from 4 new OEM customers. Platform-based projects are typically used to manufacture a series of
vehicle models sharing common components, systems, and functionalities. Unlike single-vehicle model design wins,
platform-based design wins typically indicate higher mass production expectations. These platform-based design
wins will further enable us to reduce development and customization costs per vehicle model. Through standardized
development processes, we can deliver solutions faster and more efficiently, achieving SOP for more vehicle models
while significantly improving our operational efficiency.


During the Reporting Period, we continued to actively advance our overseas expansion strategy. In terms of products,
we are keeping pace with regulations in the EU and other developed countries and regions and proactively planning
related technical pathways. Currently, our solutions have been adopted in export models from several OEMs, covering
regions including the EU, Australia, Singapore, Malaysia, India, South Korea, Dubai, Turkey and Mexico. In terms of
cooperation, we secured design wins from several Sino-foreign joint venture automakers this year and will continue
to promote direct business ties with overseas OEMs. Through partnerships with international tier-one auto parts
suppliers, we have successfully participated in the international OEMs supply chains. In terms of channel expansion, we
are fully deploying resources for overseas auto exhibitions and overseas sales channels to showcase our competitive
advantages in core technologies and solutions, and reach specific overseas market demands. Concurrently, we are
establishing a sales network across key regions to provide full-chain support for local business implementation,
thereby forging direct and in-depth partnerships with more overseas OEMs. In terms of regional layout, the Group
has established a subsidiary in Singapore, which will focus on technical service and customer development as a
springboard to further global market cooperation.
8   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    Business Overview
    We are an intelligent driving and cabin solutions provider in China, offering solutions for the critical aspects of the
    driving experience, including piloting, parking and in-cabin functions. We have strategically laid out our three principal
    business lines, namely intelligent driving, intelligent cabin and vehicle infrastructure cooperative systems, based on
    our integrated strengths in algorithm development, software engineering and hardware design.


    I.     Intelligent driving solutions
           During the Reporting Period, our Group’s revenue from intelligent driving solutions amounted to RMB241.4
           million, representing a year-on-year increase of 32.4% and accounting for approximately 69.8% of our Group’s
           total revenue in the Reporting Period.


           We have developed a comprehensive portfolio of intelligent driving solutions with various intelligent driving
           functions, covering from L0 to L2+ intelligent driving solutions that are in-house developed and proven by mass
           production, and also the L4 autonomous driving solutions with more advanced levels of automation, enabling us
           to meet the diverse needs of our customers by offering multiple configurations at different price points within a
           single vehicle model, as well as offering various customization needs across various vehicle models. We believe
           that our strategic positioning is well-aligned with prevailing market trends and lays a solid foundation for us to
           capture extensive market opportunities.


           Our iSafety series are solutions that enable intelligent driving from L0 to L2, which are designed to be highly
           adaptable to mainstream system-on-chip (SoC) platforms and are able to realize intelligent driving functions
           based on electronic control units (ECUs) with low computing power consumption, with a primary focus on
           improving vehicle safety. Attributable to our full-stack in-house capabilities, we can flexibly adapt solutions to
           different chip platforms. Responding to OEMs’ demands for cost-effective solutions, we have already entered the
           development phase for new chip platforms, which will provide customers with more flexible and cost-competitive
           options. Our customers include both commercial vehicle and passenger car manufacturers. As of the end of 2024,
           we had already won several design wins for AEBS projects from leading domestic commercial vehicle companies
           and are steadily advancing those projects during the Reporting Period. With the implementation of amendments
           to five industry standards, including the Safety Technical Conditions for Commercial Trucks Part 1: Trucks in
           the first half of this year, commercial vehicles (including commercial trucks and passenger vehicles, etc.) will be
           required to be equipped with AEBS starting from next year, and the mass production scale of our AEBS design
           wins is expected to increase further. For passenger car projects, we have also secured new design wins during
           the Reporting Period, including multiple design wins from domestic brands and a world-renowned automaker’s
           own and joint venture brands.
                                                                                                2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         9

                                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Our iPilot series features mid- to high-level driver assistance functions, with a focus on L2+ functions, and
can deliver advanced intelligent driving functions including navigate on autopilot (NOA), home automated valet
parking (HAVP) and automatic parking assist (APA), spanning various scenarios including driving on highways
and urban routes, as well as parking. With the strategies “to advance intelligent driving technologies to broader
market segments” promoted by OEMs and the NOA functions becoming available in vehicles priced as low as
RMB100,000, the mid- to high-level driver assistance market is rapidly expanding. According to GGAI ( 高工智能汽
車研究院 ), from January to April 2025, the pre-installation rate of NOA (highway or urban city navigation assistance)
in the passenger car market in China (excluding imports/exports) grew by 134.68% year-on-year. To capitalize on
this rapidly expanding market opportunity and establish first-mover advantage in the upcoming growth phase, our
Group has made considerable talent and R&D investments and has achieved notable results during the Reporting
Period. We secured four new design wins for mid-to-high level driver assistance projects, covering multiple
models for various OEMs, which included two platform-based design wins from Changan Automobile ( 長安汽車 ),
a breakthrough that marked a zero-to-one milestone in our intelligent driving collaboration and recognised our
R&D capability, product reliability, engineering implementation and mass production and delivery capabilities,
enhanced our market presence and industry influence, and positioned us to continue gaining market share.


Our L4 autonomous driving business line, iRobo, delivers fully autonomous driving in designated zones and
scenarios. We continued to enhance technology, refine our products and diversify business models, expanding
iRobo to a range of use cases during the Reporting Period. In February 2025, we commercialized our first iRobo
autonomous minibus project in Suzhou, with follow-on orders nationwide. By the end of the Reporting Period,
we have secured a cumulative total of over 10 autonomous minibus projects. Further, leveraging our years of
R&D and sharing core technologies, we continue to proactively explore other scenarios for L4 autonomous
driving technology extending from passenger cars to freight use, including unmanned logistics, trunk transport,
airport and mining applications. In the first half of 2025, unmanned logistics vehicles rapidly scaled with support
from policy, technological breakthroughs, and market demand, with the market size demonstrating rapid
growth momentum. We will proactively seize these opportunities, accelerating the development of relevant
products. The first-generation unmanned logistics vehicle has a designed capacity of up to 5.5 cubic metres and
a maximum payload exceeding one tonne. Leveraging cutting-edge technologies including multi-sensor fusion,
urban NOA homologous algorithms, and end-to-end large models, we have successfully migrated our pre-
installation mass production expertise in passenger car and autonomous minibus’ autonomous driving system to
unmanned logistics platforms. This transition has effectively ensured technological maturity and adaptability. The
unmanned logistics vehicle has now entered the open road testing phase. Its supporting operational management
platform and delivery application will gradually achieve full-chain coordination with the vehicle, aiming to enable
“warehouse-to-warehouse” short-haul cargo transport capability. We will continue to iterate and improve system
performance based on real-vehicle testing data, further enhancing transport efficiency while ensuring operational
safety and laying a solid foundation for commercial deployment. We expect to officially deliver the first-generation
unmanned logistics vehicle in the fourth quarter of this year.
10   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     II.    Intelligent cabin solutions
            During the Reporting Period, our Group’s revenue from intelligent cabin solutions amounted to RMB60.8 million,
            representing a year-on-year increase of 99.0% and accounting for approximately 17.6% of our Group’s total
            revenue in the Reporting Period.


            Our intelligent cabin solutions are centered around sensing and interaction, and are designed to enhance the
            in-cabin experience for both drivers and passengers, primary comprising driver monitoring system (DMS),
            occupant monitoring system (OMS) and multimodal interaction solutions. Supported by in-house algorithms,
            deeply integrating multimodal sensing technology and large model capabilities to achieve proactive interaction
            responses for voice, gestures and facial expressions, and leveraging generative artificial intelligence technologies
            to provide personalized service recommendations. Our intelligent cabin solutions offer high stability and accuracy,
            supporting innovative intelligent services across various scenarios such as cabin safety, in-cabin entertainment
            and in-cabin working scenarios, thus providing a more natural interactive experience for global customers.


            During the Reporting Period, our DMS project successfully passed the international Automotive SPICE (ASPICE)
            V4.0 CL3 assessment. As the highest level currently awarded in the automotive sector in China, the CL3
            certification demonstrates our world-class industry-leading software development, quality management, and
            process capabilities, establishing a robust foundation for our future software upgrades and high-quality product
            delivery. This project is also the first domestic case to pass the evaluation of the in vehicle machine learning
            model ML-SPICE, greatly improving driving safety, enriching the user experience, and demonstrating our
            technical and engineering strength in intelligent cabin.


            Building upon the significant growth last year, our intelligent cabin business maintained strong momentum. Not
            only did we proceed with mass delivery for our existing design wins, but we also continued to secure new orders.
            This is primarily driven by both our product competitiveness and policy support.


            Our products fully comply with the EU regulations on advanced driver distraction warning (ADDW) and driver
            drowsiness and attention warning (DDAW). At the same time, as the first domestic supplier to facilitate OEMs
            achieve a five-star E-NCAP cabin rating, we have extensive overseas experience, making us the supplier of choice
            for export models of OEMs. Our international projects offer a “hardware + software” bundle, which can boost our
            revenue.
                                                                                                       2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                11

                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




       At the policy level, DMS function has been mandated for installation in the EU and other developed countries
       and regions. According to the EU General Safety Regulation (GSR) and its supplementary amendments, all newly
       launched passenger cars and commercial vehicles must be equipped with DDAW from July 2024. From July
       2026, this requirement will be further upgraded to mandatory installation of ADDW. Domestically, the ongoing
       refinement of relevant regulations is becoming the core driver behind the rapid increase in market penetration
       rates. Both the announcement of a national standard project for the Safety Requirements for Combined Driver
       Assistance Systems of Intelligent Connected Vehicles and a consultation draft of Technical Requirements and
       Test Methods for AEBS in Light Vehicles released this year include provisions stating that vehicles must be
       equipped with DMS function. From the perspective of domestic development, DMS remains in its early stages.
       According to data from shujubang.com, as of June 2025, the installation rate of DMS in the domestic market was
       only 22.4%, indicating significant potential for future growth. With the gradual implementation of relevant policies,
       the DMS market is expected to enter a period of accelerated development.


       During the Reporting Period, our Group obtained design wins from multiple domestic independent brands
       and joint venture brands as well as international tier-one suppliers, covering multiple vehicle models from
       commercial vehicles and passenger cars and strengthening the foundation for our sustained growth.


III.   Vehicle infrastructure cooperative system
       During the Reporting Period, our Group’s revenue from vehicle infrastructure cooperative system amounted to
       RMB38.6 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 63.4% and accounting for approximately 11.2% of our
       Group’s total revenue in the Reporting Period.


       In response to the development of intelligent transportation infrastructure and smart cities, in addition to focusing
       on individual vehicle intelligence, we have also entered broader application scenarios and new markets by
       offering solutions in relation to vehicle infrastructure cooperative systems. Our vehicle infrastructure cooperative
       systems integrate in-house designed sensors, such as radars and cameras, our in-house developed algorithms,
       and advanced “vehicle-to-everything (V2X)” technologies, thereby enhancing road safety and traffic efficiency.
       We typically support customers in the transportation infrastructure sector, for example, assisting customers to
       analyze traffic conditions on highways and at intersections, manage traffic flow in industry parks and operate
       parking lots and roadside parking space.


Business Outlook
We are committed to focusing on intelligent driving and intelligent cabin as our core businesses, striving to empower
the construction and synergistic integration of the industry ecosystem. Going forward, with the continuous advancement
of automotive intelligence, vehicles will better cope with complex traffic scenarios. We will focus on technological
innovations and optimizing our solutions, expanding global market presence, and seeking cooperation opportunities to
implement new business patterns, thereby driving the rapid development of the autonomous driving industry.


Since June 30, 2025 and up to the date of this report, there was no material adverse change in our financial or trading
position or prospects and there was no event that would materially affect the information set out in our Group’s
consolidated financial statements in this report.
12   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Revenue
     We generated revenue primarily from intelligent driving solutions, intelligent cabin solutions and vehicle infrastructure
     cooperative systems. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue by business line for the years indicated:


                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                      2025                               2024
                                                               Amount                  %          Amount                  %
                                                                    (RMB in thousands, except for percentages)


       Intelligent driving solutions                           241,392              69.8           182,279              77.0
          iSafety solutions                                    193,269              55.9           152,867              64.6
          iPilot solutions                                      38,064              11.0            29,412              12.4
          iRobo solutions                                       10,058               2.9                 –                 –
       Intelligent cabin solutions                              60,784              17.6            30,540              12.9
       Vehicle infrastructure cooperative systems               38,599              11.2            23,626              10.0
       Others                                                    4,944               1.4               230               0.1


       Total                                                   345,719             100.0           236,675             100.0


     Our revenue from intelligent driving solutions increased by 32.4% from RMB182.3 million for the six months ended
     June 30, 2024 to RMB241.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025.


     Our revenue from intelligent cabin solutions increased by 99.0% from RMB30.5 million for the six months ended June
     30, 2024 to RMB60.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025.


     Our revenue from vehicle infrastructure cooperative systems increased by 63.4% from RMB23.6 million for the six
     months ended June 30, 2024 to RMB38.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025.


     Cost of Sales
     Our cost of sales increased by 44.6% from RMB203.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to RMB294.0
     million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, primarily due to the increase in the delivered volume of our solutions,
     and the increase in our cost of sales was in line with our revenue growth.
                                                                                                      2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                               13

                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Our gross profit increased by 54.8% from RMB33.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to RMB51.8 million
for the six months ended June 30, 2025, primarily due to our business growth and the improvement in gross profit
margin resulting into the increase in gross profit.


Our gross profit margin increased from 14.1% for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to 15.0% for the six months
ended June 30, 2025, primarily due to (i) the achievement of economies of scale as we scaled up our business, and (ii)
an increase in the revenue contribution of our intelligent driving solutions (such as iPilot solutions) with a higher gross
profit margin.


Selling Expenses
Our selling expenses increased by 66.7% from RMB32.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to RMB53.4
million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, primarily in line with our revenue growth.


General and Administrative Expenses
Our general and administrative expenses increased by 17.4% from RMB50.2 million for the six months ended June
30, 2024 to RMB58.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, primarily due to the increase in remuneration
for management personnel, and the increase in administrative and recruitment expenses as a result of the increased
number of new recruits.


Research and Development Expenses
Our research and development expenses increased by 50.2% from RMB63.3 million for the six months ended June 30,
2024 to RMB95.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, primarily due to the expansion of our R&D team and
the resultant increase in employee expenses, and the increase in expenses such as technical service fees and project
development expenses as a result of the rise in number of R&D projects.


Net Impairment Losses on Financial Assets
Our net impairment losses on financial assets increased by 50.7% from RMB6.6 million for the six months ended June
30, 2024 to RMB9.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, primarily due to an increase in our provision for
trade receivables and other receivables.


Other Income
Our other income increased by 33.6% from RMB6.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to RMB8.4 million
for the six months ended June 30, 2025, primarily due to the transfer of amortization of deferred income of RMB3.2
million during the Reporting Period and the receipt of value-added tax refund of RMB3.6 million.


Other Gains – Net
Our net other gains decreased by 305.4% from RMB2.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to a loss of
RMB5.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, primarily due to a foreign exchange loss of RMB6.3 million as a
result of an increase in settlement and holding in Hong Kong dollars.
14   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Finance Costs – Net
     Our net finance costs decreased by 104.8% from RMB2.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to a revenue
     of RMB0.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, primarily due to an increase in interest income from the
     increased time deposits.


     Loss for the Period
     As a result of the foregoing, loss for the period increased by 44.8% from RMB112.0 million for the six months ended
     June 30, 2024 to RMB162.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025.


     Non-IFRS Measures
     To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are presented in accordance with IFRS, we also use
     adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) and adjusted net loss margin (non-IFRS measure) as additional financial
     measures, which are not required by, or presented in accordance with IFRS. We believe these non-IFRS measures,
     when shown in conjunction with the corresponding IFRS measures, facilitate comparisons of operating performance
     from year to year and company to company by eliminating potential impacts of items.


     The following table reconciles our adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) for the period indicated with our net loss, of
     the period, or loss for the period presented in accordance with IFRS:


                                                                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                                    2025            2024
                                                                                                                                 (RMB in thousands)


           Loss for the Period                                                                                                    (162,287)               (112,048)


           Add:
             Share-based payment(1)                                                                                                  19,737                  15,311
             Listing expenses                                                                                                             –                  14,298


           Adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)                                                                                   (142,550)                 (82,439)

     Note:

     (1)      Share-based payment is a non-cash expense arising from granting share-based awards to selected employees. It mainly represents the arrangement that we
              receive services from employees as consideration for our equity instruments. Share-based payment is not expected to result in future cash payments. Share-
              based payment is recorded under our selling expenses, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses; and share-based
              payment in the above table represents the sum of that recorded under each type of such expenses.
                                                                                                          2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                   15

                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Liquidity and Capital Resources
We monitor and maintain a level of liquidity deemed adequate to finance our operations and mitigate the effects of
fluctuations in cash flows. As of June 30, 2025, we had RMB635.3 million in cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash
and time deposits, as compared to RMB798.8 million as of December 31, 2024. Our cash and cash equivalents primarily
consist of cash at banks denominated in RMB and HKD, with a small portion in USD, Euro and SGD.


Our net operating cash outflow during the Reporting Period was RMB159.3 million, representing an increase from
RMB84.6 million in same period of 2024. Our net cash used in operating activities during the Reporting Period is
calculated by adjusting our loss before income tax of RMB162.3 million by non-cash and other items to arrive at an
operating loss before changes in working capital of RMB113.0 million.


Indebtedness
Borrowings
As of June 30, 2025, we had total borrowings of RMB289.2 million, as compared to that of RMB191.5 million as of
December 31, 2024. The increase in the balance of our borrowings was primarily because our business expansion has
led to increased cash requirements, and we continue to optimize our debt structure by increasing the utilization of debt
financing resources and raising funds at a relatively low cost. We primarily borrow from reputable commercial banks in
China.


Lease Liabilities
Our lease liabilities are in relation to properties that we lease primarily for our offices and factories. As of December
31, 2024 and June 30, 2025, we recognized total lease liabilities of RMB21.0 million and RMB13.7 million, respectively.
The fluctuation in our lease liabilities was primarily due to the reduction of the remaining lease term of offices and
factories.


Key Financial Ratios
Our current ratio (calculated as current assets divided by current liabilities as of the same date) decreased to 2.9x as of
June 30, 2025 from 3.14x as of December 31, 2024, mainly because of (i) a reduction in cash and cash equivalents and (ii)
an increase in bank borrowings.


Our asset-liability ratio (calculated as total assets divided by total liabilities as of the same date) decreased to 2.8x as of
June 30, 2025 from 3.14x as of December 31, 2024, mainly because of (i) a reduction in cash and cash equivalents and (ii)
an increase in bank borrowings.


As of June 30, 2025 and as of December 31, 2024, our gearing ratio (calculated as total interest-bearing borrowings and
lease liabilities divided by total equity) was approximately 29.85% and 18.78%, respectively.


Charge on Assets
As of June 30, 2025, we pledged certain immaterial patents of our Group to obtain a borrowing of RMB30.0 million.
16   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Capital Expenditures and Capital Commitments
     Our capital expenditures were primarily used for acquisition of land use rights for our production bases, construction of
     our manufacturing facilities, as well as purchases of R&D and office equipment, our capital expenditures decreased to
     RMB24.0 million during the Reporting Period from RMB59.7 million in same period of 2024.


     Our capital commitments were primarily related to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. As of
     December 31, 2024 and June 30, 2025, we had capital commitments of RMB3.5 million and RMB14.9 million,
     respectively.


     Contingent Liabilities
     As of June 30, 2025, our Company did not have any material contingent liabilities.


     Financial Risk Management
     Our activities expose us to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, cash flow and fair
     value interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. Our risk management is predominantly controlled
     by the treasury department under policies approved by the Board. Our treasury department identifies, evaluates and
     hedges financial risks in close cooperation with our operating units. The Board provides written principles for overall
     risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit
     risk, use of derivative financial instruments and non-derivative financial instruments and investment of excess liquidity.


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT AND MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF
     SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

     Our Company had no significant investment and/or material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint
     ventures during the six months ended June 30, 2025.


     HUMAN RESOURCES

     As of June 30, 2025, we had 686 full-time employees, all of whom were based in the PRC. We recruit employees
     primarily through employment websites, on-campus recruitment and internal referrals. We enter into standard
     labor contracts with our employees and confidentiality and non-compete agreements with key management and
     professionals. In addition to salary and allowances, we offer competitive remuneration packages to our employees
     including performance-based bonuses, long-term incentive programs (such as our Employee Incentive Scheme
     for selected managers, high-potential talent and key technical professionals) and employee benefit plans. We have
     established periodical review system to assess the performance of employees, which forms the basis of our decisions
     with respect to salary increases and promotions.


     We emphasize the importance of training and development for our employees to enhance their technical skills and
     overall performance, and provide induction training to new joiners on our culture, business and industry to help them
     to fit in as well as tailored, continuing training sessions to improve their skill sets constantly. We are committed to the
     education, recruitment, development and advancement of diverse team members nationwide, and are recognized for
     our commitment to those efforts.
                                                                                                    2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                             17

       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

We are committed to achieving high standards of corporate governance which are crucial to our development and
safeguard the interests of our Shareholders, and recognize the importance of incorporating elements of good
corporate governance in the management structures and internal control procedures of our Group to achieve effective
accountability.


The Company has adopted corporate governance practices based on the principles and code provisions as set out in
the Corporate Governance Code as its own code of corporate governance practices. During the Reporting Period, the
Company has complied with the applicable code provisions under the Corporate Governance Code set out in Part 2 of
Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, save for code provision C.2.1.


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, companies listed on the Stock Exchange are
expected to comply with but may choose to deviate from the requirement that the responsibilities between the
chairman and the chief executive officer should be segregated and should be performed by different individuals. During
the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, the roles of chairman of the Board and general manager are
currently performed by Dr. Liu Guoqing (“Dr. Liu”), our co-founder, chairman of the Board, executive Director and
general manager. In view of Dr. Liu’s substantial contribution to our Group since our establishment and his extensive
experience, it is considered that having Dr. Liu acting as both our chairman of the Board and general manager will
provide strong and consistent leadership to our Group and facilitate efficient execution of our business strategies, and
will be appropriate and beneficial to our Group’s business development and prospects. The Board believes that this
structure will not impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the management of our Group,
given that (i) there are sufficient checks and balances in the Board, as a decision to be made by our Board requires
approval by at least a majority of our Directors, and our Board comprises three independent non-executive Directors,
which is in compliance with the requirement under the Listing Rules; (ii) Dr. Liu and the other Directors are aware
of and undertake to fulfill their fiduciary duties as Directors, which require, among other things, that he or she acts
for the benefit and in the best interests of our Company and will make decisions for our Group accordingly; and (iii)
the balance of power and authority is ensured by the operations of the Board which comprises experienced and high
caliber individuals who meet regularly to discuss issues affecting the operations of our Company. Moreover, the overall
strategic and other key business, financial, and operational policies of our Group are made collectively after thorough
discussion at the Board and/or senior management levels. The Board will continue to review the effectiveness of the
corporate governance structure of our Group in order to assess whether separation of the roles of chairman of the
Board and general manager is necessary.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE

The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct regulating dealings in securities of the Company by
its Directors, Supervisors and employees who are in possession of inside information in relation to the Group or the
Company’s securities.


In response to specific enquiries made by the Board, all Directors and Supervisors confirmed that they have complied
with the provisions of the Model Code during the Reporting Period.
18   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING

     The H Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on December 27, 2024, and the over-allotment option in connection
     with the Global Offering was partially exercised on January 19, 2025. The Company issued a total of 310,369,508 H
     Shares at an issue price of HK$17.00 per share in connection with its Global Offering and the partial exercise of the
     over-allotment option. The gross proceeds raised by the Company from the issuance of new shares in connection with
     its Global Offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment option amounted to approximately HK$679.1 million,
     and the net proceeds (after deducting the underwriting commission, incentive fees, other professional parties’ fees and
     other listing expenses) amounted to approximately HK$619.0 million (the “IPO Net Proceeds”).


     The table below sets out the future plan for the intended uses of IPO Net Proceeds and their expected timeline of
     utilization based on the Company’s current estimation:


                                                                                 Amount of
                                                                                    IPO Net       Amount of
                                                                                  Proceeds           IPO Net            Expected
                                                                   IPO Net      utilized for       Proceeds           timeline for
                                             Approximate         Proceeds     each intended    unutilized for        utilizing the
                                               percentage        allocated       use during    each intended              IPO Net
                                             of the IPO Net         for the   the Reporting        use as of            Proceeds
                                                 Proceeds     intended use          Period     June 30, 2025                in full
                                                              (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)


      Enhancing our R&D capabilities as
         well as recruiting ad retaining
         R&D talents                                  40%             247.6             100            147.6    By the end of 2027
      Increasing our production efficiency
         and solution competitiveness                 30%             185.7             2.8            182.9    By the end of 2027
      Reinforcing our sales and
         marketing capabilities                       20%             123.8            20.7            103.1    By the end of 2027
      Working capital and general
         corporate purposes                           10%              61.9            17.9               44    By the end of 2027

     As of the Latest Practicable Date, there had not been any change in the intended use of the IPO Net Proceeds and the
     expected implementation timeline as previously disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds”
     in the Prospectus, and we did not anticipate any material change to our plan on such intended use of the IPO Net
     Proceeds.
                                                                                                     2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                              19

                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE JULY 2025 PLACING

On July 2, 2025 (after trading hours), the Company and CLSA Limited (the “Sole Placing Agent”) entered into a placing
agreement (the “July 2025 Placing”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to appoint the Sole Placing Agent, and
the Sole Placing Agent agreed to act as the agent of the Company, to procure not less than six (6) placees, who shall
be institutional, corporate professional and other investors, and who and whose ultimate beneficial owners shall be
the independent third parties, on a best effort basis, to subscribe for up to 6,800,000 new Shares (“placing shares”)
(representing approximately 1.67% of the number of Shares in issue (i.e. 406,746,400 Shares, excluding the Treasury
Shares) as enlarged by the allotment and issuance of the placing shares in the July 2025 Placing) at the placing price of
HK$23.26 per placing share. The aggregate nominal value of the placing shares is RMB6,800,000. The placing price of
HK$23.26 per placing share represents a discount of approximately 14.80% to the closing price of HK$27.30 per Share as
quoted on the Stock Exchange on July 2, 2025 (being the date of the placing agreement for the July 2025 Placing). The
July 2025 Placing was conducted under the general mandate granted to the Board at the annual general meeting of the
Company held on May 23, 2025.


On July 9, 2025, the July 2025 Placing was completed. A total of 6,800,000 new H Shares have been successfully placed
by the Sole Placing Agent to no less than six (6) placees at the placing price of HK$23.26 per placing share in the July
2025 Placing. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries,
each of the placees and its ultimate beneficial owners are institutional, corporate professional and other investors
who are Independent Third Parties, and none of the placees has become a substantial shareholder of the Company
immediately after the completion of the July 2025 Placing. The total gross proceeds from the July 2025 Placing are
approximately HK$158.17 million, and the net proceeds from the July 2025 Placing, after deducting the commission
and other related expenses and professional fees, amounted to approximately HK$155.11 million. The net price of the
placing shares was approximately HK$22.81 per Share.


As of the Latest Practicable Date, the Company had not utilized the net proceeds from the July 2025 Placing. For
details of reasons for and the intended uses of net proceeds from the July 2025 Placing, see the announcement of the
Company dated July 9, 2025 for further details. The Company intends to utilize the net proceeds from the July 2025
Placing for such intended uses in the coming two years. As of the Latest Practicable Date, there had not been any
change in the intended use of the net proceeds from the July 2025 Placing and the expected implementation timeline as
previously disclosed in the aforesaid announcement, and we did not anticipate any material change to our plan on such
intended use of the net proceeds from the July 2025 Placing.


INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Board did not recommend the distribution of any interim dividend for the Reporting Period.
20   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

     The Company’s H Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on December 27, 2024. During the
     Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or
     redeemed any of the securities (including the sale of Treasury Shares) of the Company listed on the Stock Exchange. As
     of June 30, 2025, the Company did not hold any Treasury Shares.


     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED
     CORPORATIONS

     As of June 30, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company in the
     Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the SFO), which were required: (i) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
     7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under
     such provisions of the SFO); or (ii) pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register maintained by the
     Company; or (iii) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


     Long position in ordinary shares of the Company:


                                                                                                          Approximate         Approximate
                                                                                                         percentage of        percentage of
                                                     Capacity/                       Number of         in relevant class      in total share
      Name of Director             Class of Shares   Nature of Interest            Shares Held   (1)
                                                                                                            of Shares   (2)
                                                                                                                                   capital(2)


      Dr. Liu Guoqing              Unlisted Shares   Beneficial interest           17,141,751 (L)               19.13%                4.28%
                                                     Interests held jointly with   26,697,145 (L)               29.80%                6.67%
                                                       another person(3)
                                                     Interest in controlled        10,554,540 (L)               11.78%                2.63%
                                                       Corporations(4)
                                   H Shares          Beneficial interest           17,141,752 (L)                 5.52%               4.28%
                                                     Interests held jointly with   26,697,147 (L)                 8.60%               6.67%
                                                       another person       (3)


                                                     Interest in controlled        10,554,542 (L)                 3.40%               2.63%
                                                       Corporations   (4)




      Mr. Yang Guang               Unlisted Shares   Beneficial interest            7,464,254 (L)                 8.33%               1.86%
                                                     Interests held jointly with   36,374,642 (L)               40.60%                9.09%
                                                       another person       (3)


                                   H Shares          Beneficial interest            7,464,254 (L)                 2.40%               1.86%
                                                     Interests held jointly with   36,374,645 (L)               11.72%                9.09%
                                                       another person(3)
                                                                                                                                                2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                               21

                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




                                                                                                                                 Approximate              Approximate
                                                                                                                                percentage of            percentage of
                                                              Capacity/                                    Number of         in relevant class            in total share
  Name of Director                  Class of Shares           Nature of Interest                       Shares Held(1)              of Shares(2)                 capital(2)


  Mr. Zhou Xiang                    Unlisted Shares           Beneficial interest                        7,464,254 (L)                   8.33%                     1.86%
                                                              Interests held jointly with              36,374,642 (L)                   40.60%                     9.09%
                                                                 another person   (3)


                                    H Shares                  Beneficial interest                        7,464,254 (L)                   2.40%                     1.86%
                                                              Interests held jointly with              36,374,645 (L)                   11.72%                     9.09%
                                                                 another person(3)


  Mr. Wang Qicheng                  Unlisted Shares           Beneficial interest                        6,674,095 (L)                   7.45%                     1.66%
                                                              Interests held jointly with              37,164,801 (L)                   41.48%                     9.29%
                                                                 another person(3)
                                    H Shares                  Beneficial interest                        6,674,096 (L)                   2.15%                     1.66%
                                                              Interests held jointly with              37,164,803 (L)                   11.97%                     9.29%
                                                                 another person   (3)



Notes:


(1)      The letter “L” denotes a long position in the Shares.


(2)      The approximate percentage of shareholding interest in the Company is calculated based on the total number of 399,946,400 Shares in issue as at June 30,
         2025, which consists of 310,369,508 H Shares and 89,576,892 Unlisted Shares.


(3)      Pursuant to the Amended Party Agreement, each of Dr. Liu Guoqing, Mr. Yang Guang, Mr. Zhou Xiang, Mr. Wang Qicheng, Mr. Yan Shengye and Mr. Wu
         Jianxin agreed to be parties acting in concert in (i) aligning their votes in the board meetings of the Company, and (ii) aligning their votes in the Shareholders’
         meeting in respect of the Shares beneficially owned by each of them from time to time, since they became and remained as Directors or Shareholders.
         Therefore, under the SFO, each of Dr. Liu Guoqing, Mr. Yang Guang, Mr. Zhou Xiang, Mr. Wang Qicheng, Mr. Yan Shengye and Mr. Wu Jianxin is deemed to be
         interested in the Shares held by each other.


(4)      Dr. Liu Guoqing is the general partner of Youjia Qingcheng, Youjia Zhongcheng and Youjia Licheng, the ESOP Holding Entities. Therefore, under the SFO, Dr.
         Liu Guoqing is deemed to be interested in Shares held by Youjia Qingcheng, Youjia Zhongcheng and Youjia Licheng.



Save as disclosed above and to the best knowledge of the Directors and chief executive of the Company, as of June
30, 2025, none of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company has any interests and/or short positions in the
Shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations, which were required to be
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required,
pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or which were required, pursuant to
the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.
22   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES

     As of June 30, 2025, so far as the Directors are aware, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executive
     of the Company) had an interest or a short position in the Shares or underlying shares of the Company which would be
     required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded
     in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:


     Interests in Shares or underlying Shares of the Company:

                                                                                                        Approximate       Approximate
                                                                                                       percentage of     percentage of
                                                     Capacity/                        Number of     in relevant class    in total share
      Name of Shareholder          Class of Shares   Nature of Interest            Shares Held(1)         of Shares(2)         capital(2)


      Mr. Yan Shengye              Unlisted Shares   Beneficial interest            2,996,735 (L)              3.34%             0.74%
                                                     Interests held jointly with   40,842,161 (L)             45.59%            10.21%
                                                        another person(3)
                                   H Shares          Beneficial interest            2,996,735 (L)              0.96%             0.74%
                                                     Interests held jointly with   40,842,164 (L)             13.15%            10.21%
                                                        another person(3)

      Mr. Wu Jianxin               Unlisted Shares   Beneficial interest            2,097,807 (L)              2.34%             0.52%
                                                     Interests held jointly with   41,741,089 (L)             46.59%            10.43%
                                                        another person(3)
                                   H Shares          Beneficial interest            2,097,808 (L)              0.67%             0.52%
                                                     Interests held jointly with   41,741,091 (L)             13.44%            10.43%
                                                        another person(3)

      Youjia Qingcheng             Unlisted Shares   Beneficial interest            6,193,090 (L)              6.91%              1.54%

      Beijing Siwei Internet Fund H Shares           Beneficial interest(4)        32,611,320 (L)             10.50%              8.15%
        Management Center
        (Limited Partnership)

      Beijing Siwei Tiansheng      H Shares          Interest in controlled        32,611,320 (L)             10.50%              8.15%
        Private Equity Fund                             Corporations(4)
        Management Co., Ltd.

      NavInfo Co., Ltd.            H Shares          Interest in controlled        32,611,320 (L)             10.50%              8.15%
                                                        Corporations(4)

      Shenzhen Zeyi            H Shares              Beneficial interest(5)        21,421,719 (L)              6.90%              5.35%
        Semiconductor
        Investment Partnership
        (Limited Partnership)
                                                                                                        2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                  23

                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




                                                                                           Approximate          Approximate
                                                                                          percentage of        percentage of
                                             Capacity/                   Number of     in relevant class       in total share
Name of Shareholder        Class of Shares   Nature of Interest       Shares Held(1)         of Shares(2)            capital(2)


Shenzhen Zeyi Private      H Shares          Interest in controlled   21,421,719 (L)              6.90%                 5.35%
  Equity Venture Capital                        Corporations(5)
  Fund Management Co.,
  Ltd.

Mr. Chi Ke                 H Shares          Interest in controlled   21,421,719 (L)              6.90%                 5.35%
                                                Corporations(5)

Gongqingcheng Xinxing    H Shares            Interest in controlled   21,421,719 (L)              6.90%                 5.35%
  Entrepreneurship                              Corporations(5)
  Investment Partnership
  (Limited Partnership)

Shenzhen Times Trust     H Shares            Interest in controlled   21,421,719 (L)              6.90%                 5.35%
  Creation No. 1                                Corporations(5)
  Investment Partnership
  (Limited Partnership)

Mr. Chen Yaoqing           H Shares          Interest in controlled   21,421,719 (L)              6.90%                 5.35%
                                                Corporations(5)

Guokai Zhizao             Unlisted Shares    Beneficial interest(6)   20,548,643 (L)             22.93%                 5.13%
  Transformation and
  Upgrading Fund (Limited
  Partnership)

Guokai Investment Fund     Unlisted Shares   Interest in controlled   20,548,643 (L)             22.93%                 5.13%
  Management Co., Ltd.                          Corporations(6)

China Development Bank     Unlisted Shares   Interest in controlled   20,548,643 (L)             22.93%                 5.13%
  Capital Co., Ltd                              Corporations(6)

National Manufacturing     Unlisted Shares   Interest in controlled   20,548,643 (L)             22.93%                 5.13%
  Transformation and                            Corporations(6)
  Upgrade Fund Co., Ltd.

China International Capital H Shares         Interest in controlled   21,481,705 (L)              6.92%                 5.37%
  Corporation Limited                           Corporations(7)
                            H Shares         Interest in controlled      776,800 (S)              0.24%                 0.19%
                                                Corporations(7)

CICC Capital Operations    H Shares          Interest in controlled   20,016,932 (L)              6.44%                 5.00%
  Co., Ltd.                                     Corporations(7)
24   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




                                                                                                                              Approximate            Approximate
                                                                                                                             percentage of          percentage of
                                                                  Capacity/                              Number of        in relevant class         in total share
       Name of Shareholder              Class of Shares           Nature of Interest                  Shares Held(1)            of Shares(2)              capital(2)


       Zhiying Huirong Private          H Shares                  Interest in controlled              17,000,902 (L)                  5.47%                  4.25%
         Fund Management                                             Corporations(8)
         (Beijing) Co., Ltd.

       Zhejiang Puhua Tianqin           H Shares                  Interest in controlled              16,012,381 (L)                  5.15%                  4.00%
         Equity Investment                                           Corporations(9)
         Management Co., Ltd.

       Mr. Zhang Tieshuang              Unlisted Shares           Interest in controlled               5,369,975 (L)                  5.99%                  1.34%
                                                                     Corporations(10)

       Shenzhen Kangchengheng H Shares                            Interest in controlled              45,520,095 (L)                 14.66%                 11.38%
         Capital Management                                          Corporations(11)
         Group Limited

       Mr. Yuan Yakang                  H Shares                  Interest in controlled              45,520,095 (L)                 14.66%                 11.38%
                                                                     Corporations(11)

       KCH International                H Shares                  Beneficial interest(11)             31,092,800 (L)                 10.01%                  7.77%
         Investment Limited

       Tianjin Kangchengheng    H Shares                          Interest in controlled              31,092,800 (L)                 10.01%                  7.77%
          Enterprise Management                                      Corporations(11)
          Consultation
          Partnership (Limited
          Partnership)

       Zhuji Kangchengheng              H Shares                  Interest in controlled              31,092,800 (L)                 10.01%                  7.77%
         Huiying Investment                                          Corporations(11)
         Partnership (Limited
         Partnership)

       Zhuji Economic                   H Shares                  Interest in controlled              31,092,800 (L)                 10.01%                  7.77%
         Development and                                             Corporations(11)
         Financing Investment
         Co., Ltd.

       Zhuji Municipal Finance          H Shares                  Interest in controlled              31,092,800 (L)                 10.01%                  7.77%
         Bureau                                                      Corporations(11)

     Notes:


     (1)      The letter “L” and “S” denote a long position and a short position in the Shares


     (2)      The approximate percentage of shareholding interest in the Company is calculated based on the total number of 399,946,400 Shares in issue as at June 30,
              2025, which consists of 310,369,508 H Shares and 89,576,892 Unlisted Shares.
                                                                                                                                        2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                      25

                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




(3)    Pursuant to the Amended Concert Party Agreement, each of Dr. Liu Guoqing, Mr. Yang Guang, Mr. Zhou Xiang, Mr. Wang Qicheng, Mr. Yan Shengye and
       Mr. Wu Jianxin agreed to be parties acting in concert in (i) aligning their votes in the board meetings of the Company, and (ii) aligning their votes in the
       Shareholders’ meeting in respect of the Shares beneficially owned by each of them from time to time, since they became and remained as Directors or
       Shareholders. Therefore, under the SFO, each of Dr. Liu Guoqing, Mr. Yang Guang, Mr. Zhou Xiang, Mr. Wang Qicheng, Mr. Yan Shengye and Mr. Wu Jianxin is
       deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each other.

(4)    Beijing Siwei Internet Fund Management Center (Limited Partnership) ( 北 京 四 維 互 聯 基 金 管 理 中 心 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Beijing Siwei”) is a limited partnership
       established under the laws of the PRC. Its general partner is Beijing Siwei Tiansheng Private Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 北京四維天盛私募基金管
       理有限公司 ) (“Beijing Siwei Management”). Beijing Siwei is held by Beijing Siwei Management as to 1% and its limited partner, NavInfo Co., Ltd. as to 99%.
       Therefore, under the SFO, each of Beijing Siwei Management and NavInfo Co., Ltd is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Beijing Siwei.

(5)    Shenzhen Zeyi Semiconductor Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 深 圳 澤 奕 半 導 體 投 資 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Shenzhen Zeyi”) is a limited
       partnership established under the laws of the PRC. Its general partner is Shenzhen Zeyi Private Equity Venture Capital Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 深圳澤奕
       私募創業投資基金管理有限公司 ) (“Shenzhen Zeyi Management”), which is in turn held by Mr. Chi Ke ( 池可先生 ) as to 75.23%. Shenzhen Zeyi is held as to 1.03%
       by Shenzhen Zeyi Management, and its limited partners, among which (i) 33.33% is held by Gongqingcheng Xinxing Entrepreneurship Investment Partnership
       (Limited Partnership) ( 共青城欣興創業投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Gongqingcheng”), (ii) 33.33% is held by Shenzhen Times Trust Creation No. 1 Investment
       Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 深圳時代信創壹號投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 ) (“Shenzhen Times”), and (iii) 32.31% is held by nine other limited partners,
       none of which holds one-third or more of the interest therein. Gongqingcheng is held by Mr. Chen Yaoqing ( 陳 瑤 清 先 生 ) as to over 90%, and Shenzhen
       Times is held by a total of 18 partners and none of which holds one-third or more of the interest therein. Therefore, under the SFO, each of Shenzhen Zeyi
       Management, Mr. Chi Ke, Gongqingcheng, Shenzhen Times and Mr. Chen Yaoqing is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Shenzhen Zeyi.

(6)    Guokai Zhizao Transformation and Upgrading Fund (Limited Partnership) ( 國開製造業轉型升級基金 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Guokai Zhizao”) is a limited partnership
       established under the laws of the PRC. Its general partner is Guokai Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 國 開 投 資 基 金 管 理 有 限 責 任 公 司 ) (“Guokai
       Management”), which is in turn wholly owned by China Development Bank Capital Co., Ltd ( 國開金融有限責任公司 ) (“CDB”). Guokai Zhizao is held by Guokai
       Management as to 0.2% and its limited partner, National Manufacturing Transformation and Upgrade Fund Co., Ltd. ( 國家製造業轉型升級基金股份有限公
       司 ) (“Manufacturing Transformation Fund”) as to 99.8%. Manufacturing Transformation Fund is in turn held by CDB as to 13.59% and 19 other shareholders
       as to 86.41%, none of which holds one-third or more of the interest therein. Therefore, under the SFO, each of Guokai Management, CDB and Manufacturing
       Transformation Fund is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Guokai Zhizao.

(7)    Liantong Zhongjin Innovation Industry Equity Investment Fund (Shenzhen) Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 聯通中金創新產業股權投資基金 ( 深圳 ) 合夥企
       業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Liantong CICC”), Qingdao CICC Alpha Intelligent Internet Industry Equity Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) ( 青島中金甲子智能互聯產
       業股權投資基金 ( 有限合夥 )) (“CICC Alpha”) and Zhongjin (Changde) Emerging Industry Venture Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 中金 ( 常德 ) 新興
       產業創業投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“CICC Changde”) directly held 2.63%, 2.32% and 1.48% of the Company’s H Shares, respectively. The general partner of
       Liantong CICC is Liantong CICC Private Equity Investment Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. ( 聯通中金私募股權投資管理 ( 深圳 ) 有限公司 ), which is in turn
       held as to 51% by CICC Capital Operations Co., Ltd. ( 中金資本運營有限公司 )(“CICC Capital”). CICC Capital is ultimately wholly owned by China International
       Capital Corporation Ltd. ( 中國國際金融股份有限公司 ) (“CICC”). The general partner of CICC Alpha is CICC ALPHA (Beijing) Private Equity Investment Fund
       Management Co., Ltd. ( 中金甲子 ( 北京 ) 私募投資基金管理有限公司 ), which is in turn held by CICC Capital as to 51%. The general partner of CICC Changde is
       CICC Capital. Therefore, under the SFO, each of CICC and CICC Capital is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Liantong CICC, CICC Alpha and CICC
       Changde. China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Securities Limited (“CICC Hong Kong”) directly held a long position of 1,464,773 and a short
       position of 776,800 in the unlisted derivatives of the Company. CICC Hong Kong is ultimately wholly owned by CICC. Therefore, under the SFO, CICC is deemed
       to be interested in the unlisted derivatives held by CICC Hong Kong.

(8)    Zhuhai Jiashi Shengqi Venture Capital Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 珠海嘉實盛啟創業投資基金合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Jiashi Shengqi”), Zhuhai
       Jiashi Shengde Venture Capital Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 珠海嘉實盛德創業投資基金合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Jiashi Shengde”) and Zhuhai
       Jiashi Shengxuan Venture Capital Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 珠海嘉實盛烜創業投資基金合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Jiashi Shengxuan”) directly
       held 1.91%, 1.81% and 1.74% of the Company’s H Shares, respectively. The general partner of each of Jiashi Shengqi, Jiashi Shengde and Jiashi Shengxuan
       is Zhiying Huirong Private Fund Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. ( 智 盈 匯 融 私 募 基 金 管 理 ( 北 京 ) 有 限 公 司 ) (“Zhiying Huirong”). Therefore, under the SFO,
       Zhiying Huirong is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Jiashi Shengqi, Jiashi Shengde and Jiashi Shengxuan.

(9)    Tongxiang Wuzhen Puhua Fengqi Venture Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 桐 鄉 烏 鎮 普 華 鳳 棲 創 業 投 資 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Puhua Fengqi”),
       Jinhua Puhua Tianqin Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 金 華 普 華 天 勤 股 權 投 資 基 金 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Puhua Tianqin”)
       and Hangzhou Binjiang Puhua Tianqing Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 杭州濱江普華天晴股權投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Binjiang
       Puhua”) directly held 2.17%, 1.49% and 1.49% of the Company’s H Shares, respectively. The general partner of each of Puhua Fengqi and Puhua Tianqin is
       Zhejiang Puhua Tianqin Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd.. ( 浙 江 普 華 天 勤 股 權 投 資 管 理 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) (“Puhua”). The general partner of Binjiang
       Puhua is Hangzhou Binjiang Puhua Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd., which is in turn held by Puhua as to 70%. Therefore, under the SFO, Zhejiang
       Puhua Tianqin Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Puhua Fengqi, Puhua Tianqin and Binjiang Puhua.

(10)   Harbin Xinrong Qihang Venture Capital Enterprise (Limited Partnership) ( 哈 爾 濱 鑫 榕 啟 航 創 業 投 資 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Xinrong Capital”) and Shenzhen
       Qianhe Wanhe Venture Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 深 圳 千 賀 萬 禾 創 業 投 資 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Shenzhen Wanhe”) directly held 1.99%
       and 3.99% of the Company’s Unlisted Shares, respectively. The general partner of Xinrong Capital is Zhoushan Guangchuan Venture Capital Partnership
       (Limited Partnership) which is in turn held as to 95% by Mr. Zhang Tieshuang ( 張鐵雙先生 ). The general partner of Shenzhen Qianhe Wanhe Venture Capital
       Partnership (Limited Partnership) is Tianjin Yuerong Qihe Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 天津越榕啟赫企業管理合夥企業 ( 有限
       合夥 )) which is held by its general partner, Mr. Zhang Tieshuang as to 10%. Therefore, under the SFO, Mr. Zhang Tieshuang is deemed to be interested in the
       Shares held by Xinrong Capital and Shenzhen Wanhe.
26   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     (11)   Shenzhen Jiaxin Yuande Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 深圳市嘉信元德股權投資基金合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Jiaxin Yuande”),
            Shenzhen Kangchengheng Ruixiang Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 深 圳 市 康 成 亨 睿 享 投 資 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Kangchengheng
            Ruixiang”) and KCH International Investment Limited directly held 3.32%, 1.32% and 10.01% of the Company’s H Shares, respectively. The general partner of
            Jiaxin Yuande is Shenzhen Jialin Xinye Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( 深圳市嘉霖信業股權投資管理有限公司 ) (“Jialin Management”), which is in
            turn held by Shenzhen Kangchengheng Capital Management Group Limited ( 深圳市康成亨資本管理集團有限公司 ) (“Kangchengheng”) as to approximately
            51.5%. The general partner of Kangchengheng Ruixiang is Kangchengheng. Kangchengheng is held as to 87% by Mr. Yuan Yakang ( 袁 亞 康 先 生 ). KCH
            International Investment Limited was held as to 70% by Tianjin Kangchengheng Enterprise Management Consultation Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 天
            津市康成亨企業管理諮詢合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Tianjin KCH”). Tianjin KCH was in turn held as to 1% by its general partner, Kangchengheng and as to 99%
            by its limited partner, Zhuji Kangchengheng Huiying Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 諸暨康成亨匯英創業投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Zhuji
            Kangchengheng”), respectively. Zhuji Kangchengheng was held as to 99% by its limited partner, Zhuji Economic Development and Financing Investment Co.,
            Ltd. ( 諸暨經開創融投資有限公司 ), which was ultimately controlled by Zhuji Municipal Finance Bureau ( 諸暨市財政局 ). Therefore, under the SFO, each of
            Tianjin KCH, Kangchengheng, Mr. Yuan Yakang, Zhuji Kangchengheng, Zhuji Economic Development and Financing Investment Co., Ltd. and Zhuji Municipal
            Finance Bureau is deemed to be interested in the respective Shares held by Jiaxin Yuande, Kangchengheng Ruixiang and KCH International Investment
            Limited.



     Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2025, the Directors are not aware of any other person (other than the Directors
     or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying shares of the
     Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.


     EMPLOYEE INCENTIVE SCHEME

     To attract and retain talents and to provide incentives to our employees for long-term development of our Company,
     the Company adopted the Employee Incentive Scheme by way of establishing ESOP Holding Entities, namely Youjia
     Qingcheng, Youjia Zhongcheng and Youjia Licheng.


     The Employee Incentive Scheme is not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules as it does not involve
     any grant of share options or awards or any issuance of new Shares by our Company after Listing. Given the Shares
     under the Employee Incentive Scheme have already been issued to Youjia Qingcheng, Youjia Zhongcheng and Youjia
     Licheng as of the Latest Practicable Date, there will not be any dilutive effect to the issued Shares as a result of the
     operation of the Employee Incentive Scheme.


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

     Other than the Employee Incentive Scheme, during the period ended June 30, 2025, the Company has not entered into
     any equity-linked agreement.


     CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTOR, SUPERVISOR OR CHIEF EXECUTIVE

     From the date of the latest published annual report of the Company to the date of this report, there were no changes
     in the Directors’, Supervisors’ and chief executive of the Company’s information which are required to be disclosed
     pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.
                                                                                                  2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                           27

                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




CHANGE IN AUDITOR

Reference is made to the announcement dated July 25, 2025 in relation to proposed change of the auditor of the
Company. The term of office of the auditor of the Company, PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”), has expired upon the
conclusion of the Company’s 2024 annual general meeting. After taking into comprehensive consideration of the
Company’s current business operations and future audit service requirements, the Company has decided not to re-
appoint PwC as the auditor of the Company.


According to the Articles of Association and as recommended by the Audit Committee, the Board has resolved to
propose the appointment of Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited as the new auditor of the Company (the “Proposed
Appointment of Auditor”). The Company held and convened the second extraordinary general meeting of the Company
on August 13, 2025, during which an ordinary resolution was passed to approve the Proposed Appointment of Auditor.


REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS AND INTERIM REPORT

The Audit Committee currently comprises our independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Xiang Yang, Mr. Tan
Kaiguo and Dr. Tan Mingkui, and Mr. Tan Kaiguo is the chairman of the Audit Committee.


The condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2025 (the
“Interim Financial Information”) has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, “Interim
Financial Reporting” by the Company. The Interim Financial Information is unaudited but has been reviewed by the
Audit Committee of the Company. The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited condensed interim consolidated
financial statements of the Group for the Reporting Period and is of the view that such financial information has been
prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards, rules and regulations and appropriate disclosures have
been duly made.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Save as disclosed in this report, we are not aware of any material subsequent events since the end of the Reporting
Period to the date of this report.


CHANGE OF CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENT

Reference is made to the announcements of the Company dated July 3, 2025 and July 9, 2025 in relation to the July
2025 Placing. Following the completion of the Placing, the registered share capital of the Company has increased
from RMB399,946,400 to RMB406,746,000 and the total number of issued Shares has increased from 399,946,400 to
406,746,000 Shares, respectively. Therefore, the Board has proposed to make certain amendments to the Articles
of Association to reflect, among others, such changes in the share capital structure of the Company (the “Proposed
Amendments”). The Company held and convened the second extraordinary general meeting of the Company on August
13, 2025, during which a special resolution was passed to approve the Proposed Amendments.


The amended and restated Articles of Association are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company.
28   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     COMPREHENSIVE LOSS



                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        Note         2025            2024
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)       (Audited)


      Revenue                                                            5        345,719          236,675
      Cost of sales                                                      6       (293,968)        (203,254)


      Gross profit                                                                 51,751           33,421


      Selling expenses                                                   6         (53,382)        (32,015)
      General and administrative expenses                                6         (58,936)        (50,196)
      Research and development expenses                                  6         (95,110)        (63,310)
      Net impairment losses on financial assets                                     (9,936)         (6,595)
      Other income                                                       7           8,362           6,259
      Other (losses)/gains – net                                         8          (5,138)          2,501


      Operating loss                                                             (162,389)        (109,935)


      Finance income                                                     9           5,092           1,669
      Finance costs                                                      9          (4,990)         (3,782)
      Finance costs – net                                                              102          (2,113)


      Loss before income tax                                                     (162,287)        (112,048)
      Income tax expense                                                 10             –                –


      Loss for the period                                                        (162,287)        (112,048)


      Loss for the period attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                                    (151,558)        (108,135)
        Non-controlling interests                                                 (10,729)          (3,913)


                                                                                 (162,287)        (112,048)


      Other comprehensive income:
        Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
        Currency translation differences                                               13                –


      Total comprehensive loss for the period                                    (162,274)        (112,048)
                                                                                      2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                               29

                                            CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS




                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                  Note            2025            2024
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)       (Audited)


 Total comprehensive loss for the period attributable to:
   Owners of the Company                                                       (151,548)         (108,135)
   Non-controlling interests                                                    (10,726)           (3,913)


                                                                               (162,274)         (112,048)


 Loss per share attributable to the owners of the Company
   (in RMB)
 Basic and diluted loss per share                                  11             (0.38)             (0.31)


The above condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.
30   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET




                                                                                       As at          As at
                                                                                    30 June    31 December
                                                                                       2025           2024
                                                                          Note     RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)      (Audited)


      ASSETS
      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                        12        52,663         43,883
      Right-of-use assets                                                  13        54,024         61,101
      Intangible assets                                                    14        19,619         18,926
      Investment properties                                                15         4,408          4,529
      Investments in associates                                                         176              –
      Goodwill                                                             16         3,734              –
      Other non-current assets                                             17         6,473         10,754


                                                                                    141,097        139,193


      Current assets
      Inventories                                                          18       121,913        124,161
      Trade and notes receivables                                          19       505,177        506,490
      Other current assets                                                 20        88,873         79,756
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
        (FVOCI)                                                            21        30,627         29,105
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)         22        55,659            800
      Restricted cash                                                      23         4,021          4,842
      Time deposits                                                        23        64,981              –
      Cash and cash equivalents                                            23       566,271        793,943


                                                                                  1,437,522       1,539,097


      Total assets                                                                1,578,619       1,678,290


      EQUITY
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company
      Share capital                                                        24       399,946         399,190
      Reserves                                                             25     1,389,909       1,359,274
      Accumulated comprehensive losses                                             (775,210)       (623,662)


                                                                                  1,014,645       1,134,802


      Non-controlling interests                                                          21           8,323


      Total equity                                                                1,014,666       1,143,125
                                                                                                  2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                           31

                                                         CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET




                                                                                              As at             As at
                                                                                         30 June       31 December
                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                          Note          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)           (Audited)


 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Lease liabilities                                                         13                  781              5,558
 Deferred income                                                           28                 4,493             7,701
 Borrowings                                                                27                64,100            32,100


                                                                                             69,374            45,359


 Current liabilities
 Trade payables                                                            29            186,775             226,341
 Contract liabilities                                                                         1,483             7,724
 Borrowings                                                                27            225,054             159,408
 Lease liabilities                                                         13                12,908            15,479
 Other payables and accruals                                               30                68,359            80,854


                                                                                         494,579             489,806


 Total liabilities                                                                       563,953             535,165


 Total equity and liabilities                                                          1,578,619           1,678,290


The above condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


The financial statements on pages 28 to 70 were approved by the Board of Directors on 22 August 2025 and were signed
on its behalf.




                           Liu Guoqing                                           Yang Guang
                            Director                                              Director
32   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY



                                                                            Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                        Non-
                                                                                  Accumulated                  controlling
                                               Note   Share capital   Reserves         losses         Total         interests    Total equity
                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


      As at 1 January 2025                                 399,190    1,359,274      (623,662)    1,134,802            8,323       1,143,125


      Loss for the period                                        –           –       (151,558)     (151,558)         (10,729)       (162,287)
      Other comprehensive income
         for the year                                            –           –             10            10                 3             13


      Total comprehensive loss                                   –           –       (151,548)     (151,548)         (10,726)       (162,274)


      Issuance of ordinary shares upon
         global offering                                       756      10,898               –       11,654                 –         11,654
      Capital injection by a non-controlling
         shareholder                                             –           –               –            –                 2              2
      Share-based payment                       26               –      19,737               –       19,737                 –         19,737
      Acquisition of a subsidiary                                –           –               –            –            2,422           2,422


      As at June 30, 2025 (Unaudited)                      399,946    1,389,909      (775,210)    1,014,645               21       1,014,666


      As at January 1, 2024                                360,000      780,675       (407,175)     733,500           19,574         753,074


      Loss for the period                                        –           –        (108,135)    (108,135)           (3,913)      (112,048)


      Total comprehensive loss                                   –           –        (108,135)    (108,135)           (3,913)      (112,048)


      Share-based payment                       26               –       15,311              –       15,311                 –         15,311


      As at June 30, 2024 (Audited)                        360,000      795,986       (515,310)     640,676           15,661         656,337


     The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
     notes.
                                                                                                 2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                          33

                          CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                   CASH FLOWS



                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                              Note           2025            2024
                                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Audited)


 Cash flows from operating activities
 Cash used in operations                                                                 (163,266)           (86,233)
 Interest received                                                                          3,951              1,669
 Income taxes paid                                                                              –                (15)


 Net cash used in operating activities                                                   (159,315)           (84,579)


 Cash flows from investing activities
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                 (22,372)          (11,145)
 Purchase of land use rights                                                                     –           (42,017)
 Purchase of intangible assets                                                              (1,581)           (6,518)
 Proceeds from acquisition of subsidiaries                                                     173                 –
 Proceeds from disposal of a subsidiary                                        32               99                 –
 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                       777               252
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or
   loss                                                                       3.2(c)      379,800          1,146,381
 Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            3.2(c)     (435,650)        (1,054,300)
 Purchase of time deposits                                                                (63,840)                 –


 Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                  (142,594)            32,653


 Cash flows from financing activities
 Proceeds from issuance of H shares upon global offering                                   11,654                 –
 Capital injection by non-controlling interests                                                 2                 –
 Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                            225,000           168,504
 Repayment of bank borrowings                                                            (127,354)          (82,912)
 Interest paid for borrowings                                                              (4,568)           (3,039)
 Payment of listing expense                                                               (16,654)             (907)
 Principal elements and interest elements of lease payments                                (8,833)           (7,541)


 Net cash generated from financing activities                                              79,247             74,105


 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                    (222,662)            22,179


 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                 793,943           197,934
 Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                     (5,010)               12


 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                            23         566,271           220,125


The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
34   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     1.     General information

            Minieye Technology Co., Ltd (“Minieye”, or the “Company”) was incorporated in Shenzhen on 10 December 2014 as
            a limited liability company. The address of the Company’s registered office is Floor 25, 9285 Binhe Avenue, Futian
            District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


            Upon approval by the shareholders’ general meeting held in April 2023, the Company was converted into a joint
            stock company with limited liability under the Company Law of the PRC and changed its registered name from
            “Minieye Technology Co., Ltd. ( 深圳佑駕創新科技有限公司 )” to “Minieye Technology Co., Ltd ( 深圳佑駕創新科技
            股份有限公司 )” on 7 June 2023.


            The Company and its subsidiaries (together, “the Group”) are principally engaged in the development,
            manufacture and sales of intelligent driving products and solutions in the PRC.


            On 27 December 2024, the Company has been successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of
            Hong Kong Limited.


            This interim condensed consolidated financial information has not been audited and are presented in Renminbi
            (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.


            These condensed consolidated financial statements were approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 22
            August 2025.


     2.     Basis of preparation and changes in accounting policies

            2.1 Basis of preparation

                   This condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2025 has been
                   prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 34, “Interim financial reporting”. The
                   condensed consolidated interim financial information does not include all the notes of the type normally
                   included in an annual financial report. Accordingly, the condensed consolidated interim financial information
                   should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual audited consolidated financial statements for the
                   year ended 31 December 2024, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards
                   (“IFRSs”).
                                                                                                2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         35

                     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   Basis of preparation and changes in accounting policies (continued)

     2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures

         The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year and corresponding
         interim reporting period, except for the adoption of new and amended standards as set out below.


         (a) New and amended standards adopted by the Group

              A amended standards and interpretation became applicable for the current reporting period. The
              adoption of these and amendments did not have material impact on the Group’s financial position or
              operating result and did not require retrospective adjustment.


                                                                                          Effective for accounting
                                                                                               periods beginning
                Standards and amendments                                                                 on or after


                Amendments to IAS 21 – Lack of Exchangeability                                     1 January 2025

         (b) New and amended standards not yet adopted

              The following new or amended accounting standards have been issued but are not effective for the
              financial year beginning on 1 January 2025 and have not been early adopted by the Group:


                                                                                          Effective for accounting
                                                                                               periods beginning
                Standards and amendments                                                                 on or after


                Amendments to IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 – Amendments to the                                1 January 2026
                  Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments
                Amendments to IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 – Contracts referencing nature-                    1 January 2026
                  dependent electricity
                Annual improvements to IFRS – Annual improvements to IFRS                          1 January 2026
                  Accounting Standards – Volume 11
                IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements                      1 January 2027
                IFRS 19 – Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures                  1 January 2027
                Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 – Sale or contribution of Assets               To be determined
                  between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture

              The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new and amended standards
              and has concluded on a preliminary basis that adoption of these new and amended standards is not
              expected to have a significant impact on the financial performance and positions of the Group when
              they become effective.
36   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     3.     Financial risk management

            3.1 Financial risk factors

                   The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk,
                   fair value interest rate risk and cash flow interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.


                   The interim condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all financial risk management
                   information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction
                   with the Group’s annual financial statements as at 31 December 2024.


                   There have been no significant changes in any risk management policies since the year ended 31 December
                   2024.


                  Liquidity risk

                   Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and cash equivalents. Due to the
                   dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the policy of the Group is to regularly monitor the Group’s
                   liquidity risk and to maintain adequate cash and cash equivalents to meet the Group’s liquidity requirements


                  Maturities of financial liabilities

                   The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their
                   contractual maturities.


                   The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12
                   months equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.


                                                                         Less than         Between          Between
                                                                             1 year 1 and 2 years 2 and 5 years             Total
                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


                     As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
                     Borrowings (including interest payables)               231,713           64,645                  –   296,358
                     Trade payables                                         186,775                 –                 –   186,775
                     Other payables and accruals (excluding
                       payroll and welfare payables, VAT and
                       other taxes payables and warranty
                       provision)                                            26,478                 –                 –    26,478
                     Lease liabilities                                       13,130              793                  –    13,923


                                                                            458,096           65,438                  –   523,534
                                                                                                  2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                           37

                      NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   Financial risk management (continued)

     3.1 Financial risk factors (continued)

         Maturities of financial liabilities (continued)

                                                             Less than        Between         Between
                                                                 1 year 1 and 2 years 2 and 5 years             Total
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


          As at 31 December 2024 (Audited)
          Borrowings (including interest payables)             162,748          32,866              –        195,614
          Trade payables                                       226,341                –             –        226,341
          Other payables and accruals (excluding
            payroll and welfare payables, VAT and
            other taxes payables and warranty
            provision)                                           42,043               –             –          42,043
          Lease liabilities                                      16,111           5,510           131          21,752


                                                               447,243          38,376            131        485,750


     3.2 Fair value estimation

         (a) Fair value hierarchy

              This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the
              financial instruments that are recognized and measured at fair value in the statements of balance
              sheets. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the
              Group has classified its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting
              standards.


              •     Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded
                              derivatives, and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the
                              reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is
                              the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.
38   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     3.     Financial risk management (continued)

            3.2 Fair value estimation (continued)

                  (a) Fair value hierarchy (continued)

                          •        Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for
                                           example, over-the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which
                                           maximize the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-
                                           specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are
                                           observable, the instrument is included in level 2.


                          •        Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the
                                           instrument is included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities.


                          The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as at 30
                          June 2025 and 31 December 2024:


                                                                       Level 1            Level 2           Level 3               Total
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


                          As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
                          Assets                                              –                 –                  –                 –
                          Financial assets at FVOCI                           –                 –            30,627              30,627
                          Financial assets at FVPL                            –           27,653             28,006              55,659


                                                                              –           27,653             58,633              86,286


                                                                       Level 1            Level 2            Level 3              Total
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


                          As at 31 December 2024
                              (Audited)
                          Assets                                              –                 –                  –                 –
                          Financial assets at FVOCI                           –                 –            29,105              29,105
                          Financial assets at FVPL                            –                 –                800               800


                                                                              –                 –            29,905              29,905


                          The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers into and out of fair value hierarchy levels as at the end of
                          each reporting period.
                                                                                                  2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                           39

                      NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   Financial risk management (continued)

     3.2 Fair value estimation (continued)

         (b) Valuation process and technique used to determine fair value

             Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:


             •       Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments; and


             •       Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair value for the
                     remaining financial instruments.


             There were no changes in valuation techniques during the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024.


             The fair value of trade and notes receivables, other receivables, cash and cash equivalents, trade
             payables, other payables and accruals (excluding salaries and welfare payables, VAT and other taxes
             payables and warranty provision), current borrowings, and lease liabilities approximated their carrying
             amounts due to their short maturities or interest bearing.


         (c) Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)

             The following table presents the changes in level 3 items for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and
             2024:


                                                                                                           Financial
                                                                                                    assets at FVOCI
                                                                                                            RMB’000


                 As at 1 January 2025                                                                         29,105
                 Acquisitions                                                                                 68,935
                 Disposals                                                                                   (67,413)


                 As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)                                                               30,627


                 As at 1 January 2024                                                                          36,462
                 Acquisitions                                                                                  57,374
                 Disposals                                                                                    (86,828)


                 As at 30 June 2024 (Audited)                                                                   7,008
40   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     3.     Financial risk management (continued)

            3.2 Fair value estimation (continued)

                   (c) Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)
                       (continued)

                                                                                                 Financial
                                                                                          assets at FVPL
                                                                                                 RMB’000


                            As at 1 January 2025                                                       800
                            Acquisitions                                                           380,000
                            Disposals                                                             (352,800)
                            Fair value gains                                                              6


                            As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)                                          28,006


                            As at 1 January 2024                                                   210,597
                            Acquisitions                                                         1,054,300
                            Disposals                                                            (1,146,381)
                            Fair value gains                                                         2,385


                            As at 30 June 2024 (Audited)                                           120,901
                                                                                                      2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                  41

                     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   Financial risk management (continued)

     3.2 Fair value estimation (continued)

         (d) Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value

             The following table summarizes the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs
             used in recurring level 3 fair value measurements.


             As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)

                                                            Unobservable         Range of   Relationship of unobservable
               Description                     Fair value   inputs                 inputs   inputs to fair value
                                                RMB’000


               Financial assets at FVPL –         28,006    Expected rate of   0.8%–2.2%    The higher the expected rate of
                  Structured deposits and                     return                          return, the higher the fair value
                  wealth management products


              Financial assets at FVOCI –         30,627    Discount rate      1.02%–1.1%   The higher the discount rate, the
                 Notes receivables                                                            lower the fair value

             As at 31 December 2024 (Audited)

                                                            Unobservable         Range of   Relationship of unobservable
               Description                     Fair value   inputs                 inputs   inputs to fair value
                                                RMB’000


               Financial assets at FVPL –            800    Expected rate of        1.80%   The higher the expected rate of
                  Structured deposits and                     return                          return, the higher the fair value
                  wealth management products


              Financial assets at FVOCI –         29,105    Discount rate      0.76%–1.5%   The higher the discount rate, the
                 Notes receivables                                                            lower the fair value

             There were no significant inter-relationships between unobservable inputs that materially affect fair
             values.


             As at 30 June 2025, if the expected rate of return had been 50 basis points higher/lower, the fair value
             of financial assets at FVPL would have been approximately RMB140,000 higher/lower (31 December
             2024: RMB4,000 higher/lower).


             As at 30 June 2025, if the discount rate had been 50 basis points higher/lower, the fair value of
             financial assets at FVOCI would have been approximately RMB153,000 lower/higher (31 December
             2024: RMB143,000 lower/higher).
42   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     4.     Critical accounting estimates and judgements

            The preparation of interim financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
            assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
            income and expense. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


            In preparing these interim condensed consolidated financial statements, the significant judgements made by
            management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the
            same as those of the previous financial year and corresponding interim reporting period.


     5.     Revenue and segment information

            (a) Description of segments and principal activities

                   During the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, the Group is engaged in the development, manufacture
                   and sales of intelligent driving products and solutions. The executive directors of the Company review the
                   operating results of the business as one operating segment to make strategic decisions and resources
                   allocation. Therefore, the Group regards that there is only one business segment which is used to make
                   strategic decisions.


                  Geographical information

                   Majority of the Group’s business and operations are conducted in Mainland China and currently, the Group’s
                   principal market, majority of revenue, operating loss and non-current assets are derived from/located in the
                   PRC. Accordingly, no geographical segment information is presented.


            (b) Revenue during the current period

                                                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                                         2025        2024
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (Unaudited)         (Audited)


                         Sales of products                                                                                         225,195        199,958
                         Services and Vehicle infrastructure cooperative systems                                                   115,580         36,487
                         Others (i)                                                                                                      4,944        230


                                                                                                                                   345,719        236,675


                   All the Group’s revenue is recognized at a point in time.

                   (i)       Others mainly refer to revenue generated from sales of spare parts and rendering of maintenance services.
                                                                                                  2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                           43

                       NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6.   Expenses by nature
     The detailed analysis of cost of sales, selling expenses, general and administrative expenses and research and
     development expenses is as follow:

                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Audited)


      Changes in inventories of finished goods and working in progress                      (4,775)            5,501
      Raw materials and consumables used                                                   261,441           160,660
      Employee benefit expenses                                                            111,818            86,751
      Services fees                                                                         53,248            18,940
      Share-based payment (Note 26)                                                         19,737            15,311
      Office and travel expenses                                                            13,108             7,562
      Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                             8,389             7,626
      Depreciation and amortization (Notes 12、14、15)                                         8,387             7,121
      Advertising and publicity expenses                                                     5,379             1,029
      Processing expenses                                                                    3,845             3,133
      Warranty costs                                                                         2,406             1,712
      Provision for impairment of inventories                                                2,247             9,119
      Outsourced installation expenses                                                       1,225             1,466
      Legal and professional fees                                                            1,021               532
      Testing expenses                                                                         487               362
      Listing expenses                                                                           –            14,298
      Audit’s remuneration                                                                   1,100                 –
      Others                                                                                12,333             7,652


                                                                                           501,396           348,775


7.   Other income
                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Audited)


      Government grants                                                                      4,729              3,214
      Value added tax (“VAT”) refund                                                         3,633              3,045


                                                                                             8,362              6,259


     During the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, the government grants mainly include financial subsidies
     from local government authorities with certain specified conditions, as well as the amortization of deferred
     government grants. There are no unfulfilled conditions or other contingencies attaching to the grants recognized.
44   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     8.     Other (losses)/gains – net

                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)       (Audited)


             Net fair value gains on financial assets at FVPL                3,545           2,385
             Net foreign exchange losses                                     (6,300)          (204)
             Net gains on disposals of property, plant and equipment,
                intangible assets and right-of-use assets                       15              (54)
             Others                                                          (2,376)           375
             Overdue fine                                                       (22)               (1)


                                                                             (5,138)         2,501


     9.     Finance costs – net

                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)       (Audited)


             Finance income
             Interest income from bank deposits                              5,092           1,606
             Other interest income                                                –                63


             Total finance income                                            5,092           1,669


             Finance costs
             Interest expenses on bank borrowings                            (4,568)         (3,039)
             Interest expenses on lease liabilities                           (422)           (743)


             Total finance costs                                             (4,990)         (3,782)


             Finance costs – net                                               102           (2,113)
                                                                                                   2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                            45

                       NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




10. Income tax expense

                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)            (Audited)


    Current income tax expense                                                                  –                     –
    Deferred income tax expense                                                                 –                     –


                                                                                                –                     –


   Taxes on profits assessable have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the jurisdictions in which
   relevant entities operate.


   (i)   PRC corporate income tax (“PRC CIT”)

         The Company and its subsidiaries in the PRC are subject to PRC CIT which is calculated based on the
         applicable tax rate of 25% on the assessable profits of the subsidiaries in accordance with PRC tax laws and
         regulations for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, except for disclosed below.


         The Company obtained its High and New Technology Enterprises (“HNTE”) status in year 2017 and hence
         is entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15% for a three-year period commencing 2017. In 2020 and 2023, the
         Company succeeded the qualification for HNTE and is therefore subject to a preferential income tax rate
         of 15% for a three-year period commencing 2020 and 2023. In addition, the Group’s subsidiary, Nanjing
         Youjia Technology Co., Ltd.( 南京佑駕科技有限公司 ) was qualified as HNTE in year 2020 and succeeded the
         qualification for HNTE in 2023.


         According to a policy promulgated by the State Tax Bureau of the PRC and effective from 2018 onwards,
         enterprises engaged in R&D activities are entitled to claim an additional tax deduction amounting to 75%
         of the qualified R&D expenses incurred in determining its tax assessable profits for that year (“Super
         Deduction”). Starting from March 2021, the additional deduction ratio increased to 100% for manufacturing
         industry. Starting from 1 October 2022, the additional deduction ratio was increased to 100% for other
         industries.


         During the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, certain subsidiaries in mainland China qualified as
         “small low-profit enterprises” under the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC and enjoyed a preferential
         income tax rate of 20%.
46   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     11. Loss per share

            (a) Basic loss per share

                   Basic loss per share for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024 are calculated by dividing the loss
                   attributable to the owners of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                   during the year.


                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)          (Audited)


                     Loss attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                           (151,558)          (108,135)
                     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                       (thousand shares)                                                             399,858           351,277


                     Basic loss per share (RMB per share)                                               (0.38)            (0.31)


            (b) Diluted loss per share

                   Diluted loss per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
                   outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. As the Group incurred losses for
                   the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, any potential ordinary shares included in the calculation of
                   diluted loss per share would be anti-dilutive. Accordingly, diluted loss per share for the six months ended 30
                   June 2025 and 2024 are the same as basic loss per share of the respective period.
                                                                                                                      2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                               47

                             NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




12. Property, plant and equipment

                                                                        Computers                                 Construction
                                      Machinery and                  and electronic       Other     Leasehold      in progress
                                             molds Transportation       equipment      equipment improvements          (“CIP”)        Total
                                           RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


    As at 31 December 2024
    Cost                                     48,503         5,832           10,080         1,114       10,540           4,579        80,648
    Accumulated depreciation                (17,296)       (3,064)          (7,816)        (562)        (8,027)             –       (36,765)


    Net book amount                          31,207         2,768            2,264          552         2,513           4,579        43,883


    Period ended June 30, 2025
       (Unaudited)
    Opening net book amount                  31,207         2,768            2,264          552         2,513           4,579        43,883
    Additions                                 5,965          705             7,289          618         2,680               –        17,257
    Disposals                                   (48)         (281)             (41)          (24)            –           (329)         (723)
    Disposal of subsidiary                       (5)         (294)               (7)          (4)          (27)             –          (337)
    Depreciation                             (4,763)         (440)            (671)        (185)         (882)              –        (6,941)
    Reclassification                          3,510             –                –             –        (3,396)          (114)            –
    Transfer (Note 14)                            –             –                –             –             –           (476)         (476)


    Closing net book amount                  35,866         2,458            8,834          957           888           3,660        52,663


    As at June 30, 2025 (Unaudited)
    Cost                                     57,925         5,962           17,321         1,704        9,797           3,660        96,369
    Accumulated depreciation                (22,059)       (3,504)          (8,487)        (747)        (8,909)             –       (43,706)


    Net book amount                          35,866         2,458            8,834          957           888           3,660        52,663
48   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     12. Property, plant and equipment (continued)

                                                                                Computers                                    Construction
                                             Machinery and                   and electronic        Other       Leasehold      in progress
                                                    molds Transportation        equipment      equipment    improvements          (“CIP”)       Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


             As at 31 December 2023
             Cost                                   28,212         5,369             9,303         1,012           7,937            8,378      60,211
             Accumulated depreciation              (10,312)        (2,179)           (6,048)        (316)          (5,659)              –     (24,514)


             Net book amount                        17,900         3,190             3,255           696           2,278            8,378      35,697


             Period ended June 30, 2024
                (Audited)
             Opening net book amount                17,900         3,190             3,255           696           2,278            8,378      35,697
             Additions                                987               –                 –            –           1,367           15,309      17,663
             Disposals                                (120)           (79)              (44)         (18)               –               –        (261)
             Depreciation                           (3,297)         (454)             (972)         (123)          (1,225)              –      (6,071)
             Reclassification                        5,406           352               309            47                –          (6,114)          –
             Transfer (Note 14)                          –              –                 –            –                –          (6,518)     (6,518)


             Closing net book amount                20,876         3,009             2,548           602           2,420           11,055      40,510


             As at June 30, 2024 (Audited)


             Cost                                   34,485         5,642             9,568         1,041           9,304           11,055      71,095
             Accumulated depreciation              (13,609)        (2,633)           (7,020)        (439)          (6,884)              –     (30,585)


             Net book amount                        20,876         3,009             2,548           602           2,420           11,055      40,510
                                                                          2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                   49

                        NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13. Leases

                                                                      As at             As at
                                                                   30 June     31 December
                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                (Unaudited)        (Audited)


    Right-of-use assets
    Offices and factories                                           12,328             19,007
    Land use rights                                                 41,696             42,094


                                                                    54,024             61,101


    Lease liabilities
    Current                                                         12,908             15,479
    Non-current                                                        781              5,558


                                                                    13,689             21,037
50   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     14. Intangible assets

                                                                    Software
                                                                    RMB’000


             Six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
             Opening net book amount                                  18,926
             Transfer (Note 12)                                         476
             Amortization charge                                      (1,325)
             Disposal                                                    (39)
             Additions                                                 1,581


             Closing net book amount                                  19,619


             As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
             Cost                                                     25,378
             Accumulated amortization                                 (5,759)


             Net book amount                                          19,619


             Six months ended 30 June 2024 (Audited)
             Opening net book amount                                  10,340
             Transfer (Note 12)                                        6,518
             Amortization charge                                        (929)
             Disposal                                                    (46)


             Closing net book amount                                  15,883


             As at 30 June 2024 (Audited)
             Cost                                                     19,069
             Accumulated amortization                                 (3,186)


             Net book amount                                          15,883
                                                                                                   2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                            51

                     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15. Investment properties

                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)          (Audited)


    Opening net book amount                                                                   4,529              4,771
    Depreciation charge                                                                        (121)              (121)


    Closing net book value                                                                    4,408              4,650


    At end of the period
    Cost                                                                                      5,094              5,094
    Accumulated depreciation                                                                   (686)              (444)


    Net book value                                                                            4,408              4,650


   The investment properties are stated at cost less depreciation and impairment, if any.


   The fair values of the Group’s investment properties are close to the book value.


16. Goodwill

                                                                                               As at             As at
                                                                                            30 June     31 December
                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)          (Audited)


    At the beginning of the period                                                                –                   –
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 31)                                                     3,734                   –


    At the end of the period                                                                  3,734                   –
52   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     17. Other non-current assets

                                                                              As at           As at
                                                                           30 June     31 December
                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)       (Audited)


             Long-term receivables                                                –          1,113
             Non-current rental deposits                                     3,658           7,663
             Prepayment for purchase of property, plant and equipment        2,815           1,978


                                                                             6,473          10,754


     18. Inventories

                                                                              As at           As at
                                                                           30 June     31 December
                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)       (Audited)


             Raw materials                                                  54,685          62,364
             Semi-finished goods                                            13,275           9,990
             Finished goods                                                 45,924          45,508
             Contract fulfillment costs                                     26,782          22,936


                                                                           140,666         140,798


             Less: provision of inventories                                 (18,753)        (16,637)


                                                                           121,913         124,161
                                                                                                  2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                           53

                     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




19. Trade and notes receivables

                                                                                             As at              As at
                                                                                          30 June        31 December
                                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)           (Audited)


    Notes receivables                                                                      22,867              49,681


    Trade receivables
      Due from third parties                                                              517,027            489,779
      Less: credit loss allowances                                                         (34,717)           (32,970)


                                                                                          482,310            456,809


                                                                                          505,177            506,490


   The Group’s credit period to its customers was typically within one year. As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December
   2024, the aging analysis of the trade and notes receivables based on recognized date is as follows:


                                                                                             As at              As at
                                                                                          30 June        31 December
                                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)           (Audited)


    Up to 1 year                                                                          434,145            459,444
    1 to 2 years                                                                           66,113              65,479
    2 to 3 years                                                                           20,893               9,109
    Over 3 years                                                                           18,743               5,428


                                                                                          539,894            539,460


   The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and notes receivables approximated their fair values as at the balance
   sheet dates.
54   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     20. Other current assets

                                                                                                     As at           As at
                                                                                                   30 June    31 December
                                                                                                     2025            2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)          (Audited)


             Other receivables
             – Advance to staff                                                                      3,152          2,275
             – Deposits                                                                              6,932          4,081
             – Others                                                                               20,131            400


                                                                                                    30,215          6,756
             Less: credit loss allowances                                                           (5,739)          (708)


                                                                                                    24,476          6,048


             Prepayment
             – Products and services procurement                                                    41,818         52,699


             Value-added tax (“VAT”) recoverable                                                    22,579         17,451


             Others                                                                                      –          3,558


                                                                                                    88,873         79,756


            As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, the fair values of other current assets of the Group, except for the
            prepayments and VAT recoverable to be deducted which are not financial assets, approximated their carrying
            amounts.


            The carrying amounts of the Group’s other current assets are all denominated in RMB.
                                                                                                     2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                              55

                       NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




21. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

    The Group’s financial assets measured at FVOCI include the following:


                                                                                                 As at             As at
                                                                                              30 June     31 December
                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                           (Unaudited)        (Audited)


     Notes receivables classified as financial assets at FVOCI                                 30,627             29,105


    Notes receivables held both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling of these assets are classified as
    FVOCI. All the aging of notes receivable is within one year.


22. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

    The Group’s financial assets measured at FVPL include the following:


                                                                                                 As at             As at
                                                                                              30 June     31 December
                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                           (Unaudited)        (Audited)


     Investment in structured deposits and wealth management products issued
       by banks                                                                                55,659                800


                                                                                               55,659                800


    The principal and return of the private equity funds and the structured deposits and wealth management products
    are not guaranteed, hence their contractual cash flows do not qualify for solely payments of principal and interest.
    Therefore, the private equity funds and the structured deposits and wealth management products issued by banks
    are measured at FVPL.


    Information about the Group’s exposure to financial risk and information about the methods and assumptions used
    in determining fair value of these financial assets at FVPL are set out in Note 3.2.
56   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     23. Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                As at           As at
                                                                                             30 June     31 December
                                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)        (Audited)


             Cash at banks                                                                   635,273          798,785
             Less: restricted cash                                                             (4,021)          (4,842)
             Less: time deposits                                                              (64,981)               –


             Cash and cash equivalents                                                       566,271          793,943


            Cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                As at           As at
                                                                                             30 June     31 December
                                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)        (Audited)


             – RMB                                                                           130,237          202,349
             – HKD                                                                           256,853          591,115
             – USD                                                                           179,025              426
             – SGD                                                                                61               53
             – EUR                                                                                95                 –


                                                                                             566,271          793,943


            As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, restricted cash in the amount of RMB15,000 and RMB15,000 is the
            frozen funds used for electronic toll collection, and RMB4,006,000 and RMB4,827,000 is the frozen funds for
            litigation.
                                                                                                2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         57

                       NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24. Share capital

    A summary of movements in the Company’s authorized, issued and fully paid share capital is as follows:


                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                          shares     Share capital
                                                                                                          RMB’000


     As at 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2024                                      399,190,000              399,190
     Issuance of ordinary shares upon global offering                                    756,000                756


     As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)                                                 399,946,000              399,946


25. Reserves

    The following table shows a breakdown of the statements of balance sheets line items “reserves” and their
    movements during the respective periods. A description of the nature and purpose of each reserve is provided
    below the table.


                                                                                    Share-based
                                                                         Share          payment
                                                                      premium          reserves                Total
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


     As at 1 January 2025                                             1,265,229           94,045         1,359,274
     Issuance of ordinary shares upon global offering                    10,898                –              10,898
     Share-based payment (Note 26)                                            –           19,737              19,737


     As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)                                   1,276,127          113,782         1,389,909


                                                                                    Share-based
                                                                        Capital         payment
                                                                      reserves          reserves               Total
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


     As at 1 January 2024                                               715,341           65,334             780,675
     Share-based payment (Note 26)                                            –           15,311              15,311


     As at 30 June 2024 (Audited)                                       715,341           80,645             795,986
58   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     26. Share-based payment

            (a) Share award schemes

                   (i)    In March 2016, the shareholders approved an Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP A Plan) which
                          proposes to grant certain incentive shares of the Company to certain executives and employees at
                          a later date by way of transfer of shares held by Dr. Liu Guoqing, in order to attract and retain the
                          talents and to provide incentives that align the interests of Shareholders, the Company and employees,
                          for long-term development of the Company.


                          In August 2016, 77,855 equity shares were granted to an employee under the ESOP A Plan through
                          an equity transfer with a vesting commencement date of August 2016. These awards did not include
                          a service period condition and were made at a consideration of RMB1 per share as rewards for his
                          services, full time devotion and professional expertise to the Group.


                          In December 2020, Shenzhen Youjia Qingcheng Investment L.P. ( 深 圳 佑 駕 清 成 投 資 企 業 ( 有 限
                          合 夥 )) was incorporated in the PRC under the Company Law of the PRC as a vehicle for holding
                          ordinary shares (“Restricted Shares”) for the remaining employees of the Company, other than those
                          mentioned above, pursuant to ESOP A Plan.


                          From 2016 to 2023, pursuant to the ESOP A Plan, certain directors, management and employees
                          (the “Grantees”) were granted 11,954,979 Restricted Shares through Shenzhen Youjia Qingcheng
                          Investment L.P. ( 深圳佑駕清成投資企業 ( 有限合夥 )) at a consideration of RMB0.01 per share as an
                          incentive for their services, full-time commitment and expertise to the Group.


                          All Restricted Shares granted vest as follows: 4 years of service from the date of commencement for
                          employees granted shares from 2016 to 2020; 4 years of service from the date of grant for employees
                          granted shares from 2021 to October 2023; 3 years of service from the date of successful listing for
                          employees granted shares after October 2023.


                          In May 2024, for employees granted shares after 2020, the vesting periods have been modified as
                          follows: 1 year of service from the date of successful listing for half of the restricted shares; 3 years of
                          service from the date of successful listing for the other half of the restricted shares.


                          If the employee ceases to be employed by the Group during that period, the awarded shares will be
                          forfeited and the forfeited shares will be repurchased by Dr. Liu Guoqing at the subscribed share of the
                          contributed capital at grant date together with the contractually agreed interest price and reallocated
                          in subsequent grants (if any) at the discretion of Dr. Liu Guoqing.
                                                                                                   2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                            59

                     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




26. Share-based payment (continued)

   (a) Share award schemes (continued)

       (i)    (continued)


                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June24
                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                   Number of total Number of total
                                                                                    equity awards      equity awards
                                                                                       (Unaudited)          (Audited)


               As at 1 January                                                          12,386,181         11,954,979
               Granted                                                                            –           520,169
               Forfeited                                                                          –             88,967


               As at 30 June                                                            12,386,181         12,386,181


              The fair value of each awarded restricted shares was calculated based on the most recent transaction
              price of the Company’s share at the grant date.


       (ii)   In March 2022, the shareholders approved an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP B Plan), which
              proposes to grant certain incentive shares of the Company to certain executives and employees in
              the form of a capital increase, in order to attract and retain the talents and to provide incentives that
              align the interests of Shareholders, the Company and employees, for long-term development of the
              Company.


              In April and May 2021, Shenzhen Youjia Licheng L.P. ( 深 圳 佑 駕 礪 成 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) and Shenzhen
              Youjia Zhongcheng Investment L.P. ( 深圳佑駕眾成投資企業 ( 有限合夥 )) were incorporated in the PRC
              under the PRC Company Law as a vehicle to hold ordinary shares (“Restricted Shares”) for the benefit
              of the employees of the Company under the ESOP B Plan.


              Pursuant to ESOP B Plan，certain directors, management and employees (the “Grantees”) were
              granted 8,722,901 Restricted Shares through Shenzhen Youjia Zhongcheng Investment L.P. ( 深 圳
              佑 駕 眾 成 投 資 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) and Shenzhen Youjia Licheng L.P. ( 深 圳 佑 駕 礪 成 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 ))
              at a consideration of RMB0.01 per share as an incentive for their services, full-time commitment
              and expertise to the Group. All Restricted Shares granted vest as follows: for employees who are
              granted shares from 2018 to September 2023, four years from the date of grant of the shares; and for
              employees who are granted shares after October 2023, three years from the date of the successful
              IPO.
60   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     26. Share-based payment (continued)

            (a) Share award schemes (continued)

                   (ii)   (continued)
                          In May 2024, for employees granted shares after 2020, the vesting periods have been modified as
                          follows: 1 year of service from the date of successful listing for half of the restricted shares; 3 years of
                          service from the date of successful listing for the other half of the restricted shares.


                          If the employee ceases to be employed by the Group during that period, the awarded shares will be
                          forfeited and the forfeited shares will be repurchased by Dr. Liu Guoqing at the subscribed share of the
                          contributed capital at grant date together with a contractually agreed interest price and reallocated in
                          subsequent grants, if any, at the discretion of Dr. Liu Guoqing.


                          Set out below are the movement in the number of awarded restricted shares under the ESOP B Plan:


                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                                 Number of total Number of total
                                                                                                  equity awards      equity awards
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)          (Audited)


                            As at 1 January                                                            8,722,901          8,722,901
                            Granted                                                                             –           597,512
                            Forfeited                                                                           –           597,512


                            As at 30 June                                                              8,722,901          8,722,901


                          The fair value of each awarded restricted shares was calculated based on the most recent transaction
                          price of the Company’s shares at the grant date.


            (b) Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions

                   Total expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognized during the period as part of
                   employee benefit expense were as follows:


                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)          (Audited)


                     Share-based payment expenses                                                         19,737             15,311
                                                                                                  2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                           61

                     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. Borrowings

                                                                                             As at              As at
                                                                                          30 June      31 December
                                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)          (Audited)


    Bank borrowings included in non-current liabilities
    Bank Borrowings – unsecured and unguaranteed                                           68,100              53,500
    Bank Borrowings – unsecured but guaranteed (a)                                         33,362              39,796
    Less: long-term borrowings due within one year                                        (37,362)            (61,196)


                                                                                           64,100              32,100


                                                                                             As at              As at
                                                                                          30 June      31 December
                                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)          (Audited)


    Bank borrowings included in current liabilities
    Long-term borrowings due within one year-unsecured and unguaranteed                      4,000             21,400
    Long-term borrowings due within one year-unsecured but guaranteed (a)                  33,362              39,796
    Bank Borrowings – unsecured and unguaranteed                                          157,692              78,212
    Bank Borrowings – unguaranteed but secured (b)                                         30,000              20,000


                                                                                          225,054            159,408


   (a)   As at 30 June 2025, the unsecured long-term loans of RMB33,362,000 (31 December 2024: RMB39,796,000)
         with the effective interest rate ranged from 3.45% to 3.5% per annum were guaranteed by the Group’s
         subsidiary, Hubei Youjia Technology Co., Ltd.


   (b)   As at 30 June 2025, the short-term loan of RMB30,000,000 (31 December 2024: RMB20,000,000) at an
         annualized interest rate of 3.9% was secured by certain non-core patents as the collateral.
62   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     28. Deferred income

                                                                                                     As at             As at
                                                                                                   30 June     31 December
                                                                                                      2025             2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)          (Audited)


             Government grants                                                                       4,493             7,701


            The Group received government grants for R&D projects and talent subsidies. The government grants were
            recorded as deferred income and credited to profit or loss according to the use progress of these subsidies.


     29. Trade payables

                                                                                                     As at             As at
                                                                                                   30 June     31 December
                                                                                                      2025             2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)          (Audited)


             Payables for purchase of raw materials                                                186,775           226,341


            (a)    The carrying amounts of trade payables approximated their fair values due to their short-term maturity in
                   nature.


            (b)    As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, the aging analysis of the trade payables based on recognized
                   date is as follows:


                                                                                                     As at             As at
                                                                                                   30 June     31 December
                                                                                                      2025             2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)          (Audited)


                     Within 1 year                                                                 159,426           181,829
                     1 to 2 years                                                                    7,636            23,787
                     Over 2 years                                                                   19,713            20,725


                                                                                                   186,775           226,341
                                                                                             2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                      63

                    NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




30. Other payables and Accruals

                                                                                        As at              As at
                                                                                      30 June     31 December
                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)         (Audited)


    Payroll and welfare payables                                                       23,541             22,860
    Accrued listing expenses                                                                –             16,654
    Warranty provision                                                                 15,480             13,292
    Accrued expenses                                                                    9,001             11,237
    Payable for long-term assets                                                        9,246             10,801
    VAT and other taxes payables                                                        2,860              2,659
    Endorsed notes receivable that have not been derecognised and not yet due           6,505              2,182
    Others                                                                              1,726              1,169


                                                                                       68,359             80,854


   As at 30 June 2025, the carrying amount of the Group’s other payables and accruals were primarily denominated
   in RMB.
64   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     31. Business combination

            On 15 April 2025, Minieye Technology Co., Ltd. invested RMB10,000,000 in Shenzhen Pengchi Zhixing Technology
            Co., Ltd., acquiring a 75% equity interest in its issued share capital. Shenzhen Pengchi Zhixing Technology Co.,
            Ltd. holds 100% ownership of Shanghai Zhuifeng Zhixing Technology Co., Ltd. (collectively, the “Pengchi Group”).
            Pursuant to the agreement, Minieye Technology Co., Ltd. is contractually obligated to contribute an additional
            RMB10,000,000 to the Pengchi Group before 31 March 2026.


            Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as follows:


             Purchase consideration:
             Cash paid                                                                                              10,000
             Unpaid consideration                                                                                   10,000


             Total purchase consideration                                                                           20,000


            The assets and liabilities recognized as a result of the acquisition are as follows:


                                                                                                                 As at the
                                                                                                          acquisition date
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                              10,173
             Trade receivables                                                                                         929
             Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                        10,243
             Inventories                                                                                               488
             Trade payables                                                                                         (2,461)
             Other payables and accruals                                                                              (684)


             Net identifiable assets acquired                                                                       18,688


             Less: non-controlling interest                                                                          2,422
             Add: goodwill                                                                                           3,734


                                                                                                                    20,000
                                                                                                    2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                              65

                         NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




32. Disposal of subsidiary

    On 20 June 2025, Minieye Technology Co., Ltd. disposed of its 51% controlling interest in wholly-owned subsidiary
    Hunan Youxian Wanglian Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. to Shanghai Panzhuo Information Technology Co., Ltd.,
    receiving total cash consideration of RMB184,000 in this transaction.


    Details of the net assets disposed of are as follows:


                                                                                                              As at the
                                                                                                         disposal date
                                                                                                              RMB’000


     Net assets disposed of:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                          86
     Trade receivables                                                                                           64,872
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                              1,796
     Inventory                                                                                                           3
     Property, plant and equipment                                                                                     337
     Long-term receivables                                                                                        3,133
     Trade payables                                                                                             (55,601)
     Other payables and accruals                                                                                (16,113)
     Lease liabilities                                                                                                 (30)


     Net assets disposed of                                                                                      (1,517)
     Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                                             1,877
     Less: Fair value of remain interest                                                                               176


     Consideration satisfied by cash                                                                                   184


    An analysis of the cash flows of cash and cash equivalents in respect of disposal of subsidiaries is as follows:


     Cash consideration                                                                                                184
     Cash and cash equivalents disposed of                                                                             (86)


     Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries                                98
66   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     33. Related party transactions

            Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or
            exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also
            considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. Members of key
            management and their close family members of the Group are also considered as related parties.


            The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties during the
            periods presented. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out
            in the normal course of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.


            (a) Names and relationships with related parties

                   The table set forth below summaries the names of the related parties involved in transactions in the period
                   and nature of their relationship with the Group.


                         Name of related party                                                      Relationship with the Group


                         China Design Group Co., Ltd.                                            Non-controlling shareholder of
                                                                                                                   the subsidiary
                         Zhongyan Zhike Data Technology (Shanghai)                               Non-controlling shareholder of
                           Co., Ltd.                                                                               the subsidiary
                         Shanghai Tian Qu Technology Co., Ltd.                                   Non-controlling shareholder of
                                                                                                                   the subsidiary
                         China Satellite Navigation and Communication                      Fellow subsidiary of NavInfo Co., Ltd.
                           Co., Ltd.
                         Jiangsu Xintong Intelligent Transportation Technology                Fellow subsidiary of China Design
                           Development Co., Ltd.                                                                  Group Co., Ltd.
                         Hunan Youxiang Wanglian Intelligent                                              Associate of the Group
                           Technology Co., Ltd (i)
                         Dr. Liu Guoqing                                                                   Founding shareholder

                   In the opinion of the management of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in the
                   normal course of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective parties.


                   (i)      Hunan Youxiang Wanglian Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd become an associate of the Group on June
                            20, 2025.
                                                                             2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                      67

                    NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




33. Related party transactions (continued)

    (b) Transactions with related parties

                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                   (Unaudited)        (Audited)


         Sales of goods or services
         China Satellite Navigation and Communication Co., Ltd.         4,580              2,588
         China Design Group Co., Ltd.                                       –              1,370
         Shanghai Tian Qu Technology Co., Ltd.                            150                   –
         Hunan Youxiang Wanglian Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd          145                   –


                                                                        4,875              3,958


    (c) Balance with related parties

        Trade and notes receivables

                                                                         As at             As at
                                                                      30 June     31 December
                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                   (Unaudited)        (Audited)


         Jiangsu Xintong Intelligent Transportation Technology
         Development Co., Ltd.                                          6,049             10,796
         China Design Group Co., Ltd.                                   8,183              9,158
         China Satellite Navigation and Communication Co., Ltd.        10,442              7,510
         Zhongyan Zhike Data Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.            3,693              3,764
         Shanghai Tian Qu Technology Co., Ltd.                            412                761
         Hunan Youxiang Wanglian Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd       21,964                   –


                                                                       50,743             31,989
68   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     33. Related party transactions (continued)

            (c) Balance with related parties (continued)

                  Other receivables

                                                                                                  As at              As at
                                                                                               30 June     31 December
                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                           (Unaudited)         (Audited)


                     Dr. Liu Guoqing                                                                  –               479
                     Hunan Youxiang Wanglian Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd                    10,678                  –


                                                                                                10,678                479


            (d) Guarantees

                   No related party guarantees.


            (e) Key management compensation

                   Key management includes directors (executive and non-executive) and the senior management of the
                   Group. The compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is shown below:


                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                           (Unaudited)         (Audited)


                     Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                 2,292               2,625
                     Pension obligations, housing funds, medical insurances and other
                       social insurances                                                           224                161
                     Share-based payment expenses                                                5,978               3,324


                                                                                                 8,494               6,110
                                                                                             2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                      69

                      NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




34. Commitments

   (a) Capital commitments

        Significant capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not recognized as
        liabilities is as follows:


                                                                                        As at              As at
                                                                                      30 June     31 December
                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)         (Audited)


         Property, plant and equipment                                                  4,688              3,348
         Intangible assets                                                                246                 176
         Capital contribution for equity investment                                    10,000                   –


                                                                                       14,934              3,524


35. Dividend

   No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company during the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024.
70   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     DEFINITIONS




     In this report, the following expressions shall have the following meanings unless the context otherwise requires.


     “AI”                                         artificial intelligence


     “Articles of Association”                    the articles of association of the Company as amended from time to time


     “Audit Committee”                            the audit committee of the Company


     “Board”                                      the board of Directors


     “Company” or “our Company” or                Minieye Technology Co., Ltd ( 深圳佑駕創新科技股份有限公司 ), a limited
       “the Company”                              liability company established under the laws of the PRC on December
                                                  10, 2014 and converted into a joint stock company with limited liability
                                                  on June 7, 2023, the H Shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange
                                                  (stock code: 2431)


     “Corporate Governance Code”                  Corporate Governance Code, as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                                                  Rules


     “Director(s)”                                director(s) of the Company


     “Employee Incentive Scheme”                  the pre-IPO employee incentive scheme adopted by the Company, which
                                                  is not subject to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and the principal terms
                                                  of which are set out in the section headed “Appendix VI – Statutory and
                                                  General Information – D. Employee Incentive Scheme” in the Prospectus


     “Global Offering”                            the Hong Kong public offering and the international offering of the
                                                  Company, the details of which are described in the Prospectus


     “Group” or “our Group” or “the Group”        the Company and its subsidiaries
       or “we” or “us”


     “H Share(s)”                                 overseas listed foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a
                                                  nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which is/are listed on the Main Board of
                                                  the Stock Exchange and subscribed for and traded in Hong Kong dollars


     “Hong Kong”                                  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


     “HK$” or “HKD”                               Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
                                                                                    2 0 2 5 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                             71

                                                                                       DEFINITIONS




“IFRS”                      IFRS Accounting Standards, which include standards, amendments and
                            interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting Standards
                            Board and interpretation issued by the International Accounting
                            Standards Committee


“Latest Practicable Date”   September 15, 2025, being the latest practicable date for the purpose
                            of ascertaining certain information in this interim report prior to its
                            publication


“LiDAR”                     light detection and ranging, a method for measuring distances by
                            illuminating the target with laser light and measuring the reflection with
                            a sensor


“Listing”                   the listing of the H Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


“Listing Date”              December 27, 2024, the date on which our H Shares are listed on the
                            Main Board of the Stock Exchange


“Listing Rules”             the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                            Hong Kong Limited


“Model Code”                Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers, as
                            set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


“OEM”                       automotive original equipment manufacturer


“PRC” or “China”            the People’s Republic of China, excluding, for the purposes of this report
                            only, Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s
                            Republic of China and Taiwan


“Prospectus”                the prospectus of the Company dated December 17, 2024 in relation to
                            the Global Offering and the Listing


“Reporting Period”          the six months ended June 30, 2025


“RMB”                       Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“R&D”                       research and development


“SFO”                       Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)


“SGD”                       Singaporean dollars, the lawful currency of Singapore
72   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     DEFINITIONS




     “Shares(s)”                   Unlisted Share(s) and H Share(s)


     “Shareholder(s)”              holder(s) of Share(s)


     “Stock Exchange”              The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


     “subsidiary(ies)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


     “Supervisor(s)”               supervisor(s) of the Company


     “tier-one supplier”           automotive system integrator, company that supply assembled
                                   components or systems directly to OEMs


     “Treasury Share(s)”           has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


     “Unlisted Share(s)”           ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal
                                   value of RMB1.00 each, which are not listed or traded on any stock
                                   exchange


     “USD”                         U.S. dollars, the lawful currency of the United States


     “Youjia Licheng”              Shenzhen Youjia Licheng Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                                   ( 深圳佑駕礪成投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )), a limited partnership established
                                   under the laws of the PRC on May 28, 2021, and one of the ESOP Holding
                                   Entities


     “Youjia Qingcheng”            Shenzhen Youjia Qingcheng Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                                   ( 深圳佑駕清成投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )), a limited partnership established
                                   under the laws of the PRC on December 10, 2020, and one of the ESOP
                                   Holding Entities


     “Youjia Zhongcheng”           Shenzhen Youjia Zhongcheng Investment Partnership (Limited
                                   Partnership) ( 深 圳 佑 駕 眾 成 投 資 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )), a limited
                                   partnership established under the laws of the PRC on April 29, 2021, and
                                   one of the ESOP Holding Entities


     “%”                           per cent
