MINIEYE TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD
(a joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability) Stock Code : ����




   INTERIM REPORT
   ����
                        CONTENTS
                     Corporate Information      2
                        Financial Highlights    4
       Management Discussion and Analysis       5
Corporate Governance and Other Information     13
      Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                     Comprehensive Loss        32
      Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                           Balance Sheet       34
      Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                        Changes in Equity      36
      Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                              Cash Flows       37
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
                        Financial Statements   38
                                 Definitions   65
2   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




    CORPORATE INFORMATION




    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                           STRATEGY COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors                          Dr. Liu Guoqing (Chairperson)
    Dr. Liu Guoqing (Chairman of the Board and   Mr. Yang Guang
      General Manager)                           Dr. Tan Mingkui
    Mr. Yang Guang
    Mr. Zhou Xiang                               JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES(1)
    Mr. Wang Qicheng
                                                 Ms. Luo Xiwen
    Non-executive Directors                      Ms. Chan Yan Lam (ACG, HKACG)
    Ms. Liu Yiran
    Mr. Zhang Jianping(2)                        AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES(1)
    Independent non-executive Directors          Dr. Liu Guoqing
    Mr. Tan Kaiguo                               Ms. Chan Yan Lam
    Dr. Tan Mingkui
    Ms. Su Jia Alice(3)                          AUDITOR

    AUDIT COMMITTEE(3)                           Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited
                                                 Certified Public Accountants
    Mr. Tan Kaiguo (Chairperson)                 Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Dr. Tan Mingkui                              Unit 4301–07, 43/F, COSCO Tower
    Ms. Su Jia Alice                             183 Queen’s Road Central
                                                 Hong Kong
    REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL
    COMMITTEE(3)                                 LEGAL ADVISOR
    Dr. Tan Mingkui (Chairperson)                As to Hong Kong laws:
    Mr. Tan Kaiguo                               Grandall Zimmern Law Firm
    Ms. Su Jia Alice                             14/F, The Hong Kong Club Building
                                                 3A Chater Road
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE(3)(4)                   Central, Hong Kong


    Ms. Su Jia Alice (Chairperson)               COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
    Mr. Tan Kaiguo
    Dr. Tan Mingkui                              SBI China Capital Hong Kong Securities Limited
                                                 4/F, Henley Building
                                                 No. 5 Queen’s Road Central
                                                 Hong Kong
                                                                                                                                      2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                    3

                                                                                                                  CORPORATE INFORMATION




REGISTERED OFFICE, HEADQUARTERS                                                    STOCK CODE
AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
THE PRC                                                                            2431


25th Floor, Tower A, Building 1                                                    LISTING DATE
Zhongzhou Binhai Commercial Center
No. 9285 Binhe Avenue                                                              December 27, 2024
Shangsha Community, Sha Tau Street
Futian District, Shenzhen                                                          HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Guangdong Province, PRC
                                                                                   Tricor Investor Services Limited
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN                                                     17/F, Far East Finance Centre
HONG KONG                                                                          16 Harcourt Road
                                                                                   Hong Kong
Room 1918
19/F, Lee Garden One                                                               PRINCIPAL BANKS
33 Hysan Avenue
Causeway Bay                                                                       China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Hong Kong                                                                          Shenzhen Branch


COMPANY WEBSITE                                                                    China Construction Bank Corporation
                                                                                   Shenzhen Branch
www.minieye.cc
                                                                                   Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
                                                                                   Shenzhen Branch




Note:


1.      Ms. Tam Hiu Kwan resigned from her roles as a joint company secretary and an authorized representative of the Company with effect from February 20, 2026.
        Ms. Chan Yan Lam was appointed as a joint company secretary and authorized representative of the Company with effect from February 20, 2026.


2.      With effect from June 12, 2026, Mr. Bi Lei ceased to serve as a non-executive Director and Mr. Zhang Jianping has been appointed as a non-executive
        Director.


3.      With effect from June 12, 2026, Dr. Xiang Yang ceased to serve as an independent non-executive Director, a member of the Audit Committee, a member of
        the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the chairman of the Nomination Committee and Ms. Su Jia Alice has been appointed as an independent
        non-executive Director, a member of the Audit Committee, a member of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the chairman of the Nomination
        Committee.


4.      With effect from June 12, 2026, Ms. Liu Yiran ceased to serve as a member of the Nomination Committee and Mr. Tan Kaiguo has been appointed as a
        member of the Nomination Committee.


5.      With effect from June 12, 2026, the supervisory committee of the Company has been abolished, Mr. Liao Diguang, Mr. Ao Zhengguang and Mr. Wan Hao were
        therefore ceased to serve as supervisors of the Company.
4   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




    The Board is pleased to announce the unaudited consolidated interim results of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2026,
    together with the comparative figures for the corresponding period in 2025.


    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                                 For the six months ended
                                                                                                          June 30,
                                                                                                       2026                   2025
                                                                                                (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                                                    (RMB in thousands,
                                                                                                  except for percentages)


      Revenue                                                                                       449,953                345,719
      Gross profit                                                                                   80,529                 51,751
      Gross profit margin                                                                            17.9%                  15.0%
      Operating loss                                                                               (154,507)              (162,389)
      Loss for the period                                                                          (159,912)              (162,287)
      Loss for the period attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                                        (156,429)              (151,558)
      Non-controlling interests                                                                      (3,483)               (10,729)
                                                                                                                  2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                            5

                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
Business Review
We are a leading technology enterprise specializing in intelligent driving, intelligent cabins and driverless vehicles in China. With the
mission of “improving road safety, optimizing driving and riding experiences, enhancing transportation efficiency and revolutionizing
the industrial ecosystem”, we provide safe, efficient and accessible solutions to global customers. We have strategically laid out two
business segments: “intelligent components and solutions” and “driverless vehicles and operational services”, leveraging intelligent
technologies to empower diverse portfolio, including L2 to L4 passenger and cargo applications, underpinned on our integrated
strengths in algorithm development, software engineering and hardware design. During the Reporting Period, the Group continued
to advance the R&D and industrial deployment of physical AI technologies, actively pursuing technology transfer and capability reuse
from L2+ driver assistance to L4 autonomous driving. Our business achieved steady growth, with significant breakthroughs in both
domestic and international market expansion.

I.    Intelligent Components and Solutions
      During the Reporting Period, our Group’s revenue from intelligent components and solutions amounted to RMB381.8 million,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 30.7% and accounting for approximately 84.8% of our Group’s total revenue in the
      Reporting Period.

      We have developed a comprehensive portfolio of intelligent components and solutions with various intelligent driving functions,
      covering from L0 to L2+ intelligent driving solutions that are in-house developed and proven by mass production, and also
      the intelligent cabin solutions, enabling us to meet the diverse needs of our customers by offering multiple configurations at
      different price points within a single vehicle model, as well as meeting various customization needs across various vehicle
      models. We believe that our strategic positioning is well-aligned with prevailing market trends and lays a solid foundation for us
      to capture extensive market opportunities.

      (I)   Intelligent Driving Solutions
            During the Reporting Period, our Group’s revenue from intelligent driving solutions amounted to RMB256.6 million,
            representing a year-on-year increase of 10.9% and accounting for 57.0% of our Group’s total revenue in the Reporting
            Period.

            During the Reporting Period, the Group’s intelligent driving solutions continued to expand into overseas markets, with a
            significant increase in the number of export vehicle projects. Multiple vehicle models have achieved large-scale delivery.
            The continued growth of export projects has become an important driver for the growth of the Group’s intelligent driving
            business.

            (1)    iSafety Driver Assistance Solutions
                   Our iSafety series are solutions that enable intelligent driving from L0 to L2, which are designed to be highly
                   adaptable to mainstream system-on-chip (SoC) platforms and are able to realize intelligent driving functions based
                   on electronic control unit (ECU) platforms requiring low computing power consumption, with a primary focus on
                   improving vehicle safety. Attributable to our full-stack in-house capabilities, we can flexibly adapt solutions to
                   different chip platforms. Our customers include both commercial vehicle and passenger vehicle manufacturers.

                   During the Reporting Period, the existing design wins of iSafety steadily entered the mass production and delivery
                   phase. On the one hand, the iSafety driver assistance solutions have been adopted by multiple passenger vehicle
                   OEMs for their export models, covering emerging markets such as Southeast Asia, the Middle East, and Latin
                   America, contributing increasing growth to our overseas business. On the other hand, driven by the continuous
                   advancement of the automatic emergency braking systems (AEBS) regulations and rising industry penetration rate,
                   the Group is able to leverage its leading algorithm performance, stable mass production and delivery capability, and
                   extensive project experience, enabling the Group’s AEBS projects secured from mainstream domestic commercial
                   vehicle OEMs to have also entered the mass production and delivery phase. At the same time, the Group actively
                   advanced its internationalization strategy by establishing a partnership with a leading Indian automotive parts
                   manufacturer to jointly promote the deployment of advanced driver assistance system (ADAS) and driver monitoring
                   system (DMS) in the Indian market. By providing full-stack ADAS and DMS solutions for both passenger and
                   commercial vehicles, the Group has achieved significant breakthroughs in the South Asia market.
6   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                         At the regulatory level, the industry-wide safety standards framework is being rapidly refined. In June 2026, the
                         Ministry of Industry and Information Technology officially released the mandatory national standard of the Safety
                         Requirements for Combined Driver Assistance Systems of Intelligent Connected Vehicles (《智能網聯汽車組合駕
                         駛輔助系統安全要求》), which outlines the unified safety baselines for L2 combined driver assistance systems and
                         shall take effect in January 2027. Amendments to industry standards issued by the Ministry of Transport mandates
                         the installation of AEBS in newly produced commercial passenger vehicles and commercial trucks, with phased
                         implementation starting in 2026. A mandatory national standard for AEBS in light vehicles has also been released,
                         requiring new passenger vehicles and light trucks to be equipped with AEBS starting in 2028. The intensive rollout
                         of the aforesaid regulations signifies that ADAS safety functions are rapidly transitioning from “optional add-ons”
                         to “standard equipment”. The compliance thresholds across the sector have risen significantly, and market share
                         is further concentrating toward leading suppliers equipped with full-stack in-house R&D capabilities and proven
                         mass-production and delivery experience. As a core supplier in the domestic ADAS sector, the Group, leveraging
                         its superior algorithm performance, stable mass-production and delivery capabilities, and extensive project
                         experience, is fully prepared with robust technological and product reserves, and is well-positioned to continue
                         capitalizing on the growth dividends driven by these regulatory tailwinds.

                  (2)    iPilot Mid- to High-Level Driver Assistance Solutions
                         Our iPilot series features mid- to high-level driver assistance functions, with a focus on L2+ functions, and can
                         deliver advanced intelligent driving functions including navigate on autopilot (NOA), home automated valet parking
                         (HAVP) and automatic parking assist (APA), spanning various scenarios including driving on highways and urban
                         routes, as well as parking. We possess end-to-end full-stack development and adaptation capabilities ranging from
                         perception algorithms to control, enabling flexible customization of solutions according to different automotive-
                         grade requirements.

                         During the Reporting Period, the Group consecutively won multiple landmark design wins across a wide range
                         of vehicle platforms from leading domestic independent brands and renowned automakers. The aggregate full
                         lifecycle order value is estimated at approximately RMB1 billion and above. Mass production for these projects is
                         scheduled to commence sequentially in the second half of 2026, with the products to be deployed in both domestic
                         and overseas versions of the respective vehicle models. These design wins strongly validate that the Group’s
                         integrated intelligent driving solutions possess the competitiveness to meet both domestic and international
                         standards and hold international potential, which marks a crucial milestone in the Group’s globalization journey
                         within the passenger vehicle intelligence sector to serve as a powerful engine to accelerate the implementation of
                         the Group’s global strategy.

                         At the technical level, the Group continues to increase R&D investment in cutting-edge technologies such as
                         end-to-end large models. Leveraging data flywheel-driven end-to-end large models and multimodal intelligent
                         interaction technologies, the Group continuously optimizes decision-making efficiency and generalization
                         capabilities in complicated scenarios. We believe that the large-scale operational data from L2 scenarios serves
                         as a critical foundation for L4 technological iteration. Through massive closed-loop of mass-production data,
                         the Group continuously refines its algorithms, laying a solid foundation for the future transition of technologies
                         to L4 scenarios, thereby building a long-term technological moat spanning from advanced driver assistance to
                         autonomous driving.

          (II)    Intelligent Cabin Solutions
                  During the Reporting Period, our Group’s revenue from intelligent cabin solutions amounted to RMB125.2 million,
                  representing a year-on-year increase of 105.9% and accounting for 27.8% of our Group’s total revenue in the Reporting
                  Period.

                  Our intelligent cabin solutions are centered around sensing and interaction, and are designed to enhance the in-cabin
                  experience for both drivers and passengers, primarily comprising driver monitoring system (DMS), occupant monitoring
                  system (OMS) and multimodal interaction solutions. Supported by in-house algorithms, deeply integrating multimodal
                  sensing technology and large model capabilities to achieve proactive interaction responses for voice, gestures and
                  facial expressions, and leveraging generative artificial intelligence technologies to provide personalized service
                  recommendations.
                                                                                                                  2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                            7

                                                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




      During the Reporting Period, our intelligent cabin business maintained a strong momentum. Not only did multiple existing
      design wins enter the mass-production and delivery phase, but the solicitation of new orders also continued to progress steadily.
      At the regulatory level, the mandatory national standard of the Safety Requirements for Combined Driver Assistance Systems
      of Intelligent Connected Vehicles, released in June 2026, explicitly mandates that combined driver assistance systems must be
      equipped with driver monitoring capabilities, including hands-off detection and gaze monitoring, and shall take effect in January
      2027. This regulation is expected to further accelerate the penetration rate of DMS in the domestic OEM market. In overseas
      markets, our products are fully compliant with EU ADDW and DDAW regulations. Backed by extensive practical experience
      in global expansion, they have been highly favored by OEMs for their export vehicle models. During the Reporting Period, the
      Group’s intelligent cabin DMS and OMS products secured design wins from leading independent brands alongside our iPilot
      domain controllers, enabling synergistic delivery across our cabin and driving product portfolio and further strengthening the
      foundation for business growth. We believe that as the cabin and driving integration deepens, and as domestic and international
      safety regulations continue to elevate in-cabin sensing requirements, suppliers possessing full-stack capabilities in both
      intelligent driving and intelligent cabin will secure a more advantageous competitive position.


II.   Driverless Vehicles and Operational Services
      During the Reporting Period, our Group’s revenue from driverless vehicles and operational services amounted to RMB52.6
      million, representing a year-on-year increase of 423.4% and accounting for approximately 11.7% of our Group’s total revenue in
      the Reporting Period.


      Our L4 autonomous driving business supports fully automated driving within designated areas and operational scenarios.
      Leveraging years of R&D accumulation and shared underlying technologies, we are actively exploring additional L4 autonomous
      driving business scenarios, gradually replicating our autonomous driving capabilities from passenger to cargo transport. Our
      products include complete vehicle delivery solutions, such as driverless logistics and autonomous buses. During the Reporting
      Period, driven by a combination of supportive policies, technological breakthroughs, and robust market demand, our driverless
      vehicle business has entered a phase of scaled commercial deployment, rapidly expanding its market potential. Capitalizing on
      the technological assets and automotive-grade mass-production experience accumulated from its L2+ OEM business, the Group
      has successfully transferred its mature hardware designs, software architectures, and engineering systems to the driverless
      vehicle sector, establishing a virtuous cycle of “technology R&D – product innovation – scenario implementation”, significantly
      accelerating our commercialization progress.


      In the driverless logistics vehicle sector, we achieved explosive growth during the Reporting Period. We consecutively secured
      multiple project cooperations ranging from hundreds to thousands of units. Our market footprint now spans key domestic
      regions, including Eastern and Central China, and has successfully expanded into overseas markets such as Australia and
      Southeast Asia, marking a leapfrog development from domestic to international markets. We have established deep strategic
      partnerships with upstream and downstream industry players, integrating complete vehicle manufacturing systems with
      scenario-based operational resources. Together, we are advancing the scaled design, production and delivery, as well as project
      operation of driverless logistics vehicles, building a sustainable business closed loop. Our product applications are continuously
      diversifying, covering segmented sectors such as urban distribution, supply and distribution across city-county administrative
      regions, “last-mile” terminal delivery, park logistics, and supermarket distribution, allowing us to meet the logistics needs
      across various industries, including fresh produce, food, pharmaceuticals, and building materials. We believe that driverless
      logistics vehicles are currently at a critical juncture, transitioning to scaled commercial deployment. Capitalizing on its leading
      map-free technology accumulation, automotive-grade mass-production systems, and diversified customer base, the Group has
      forged a leading edge within this niche sector and is well-positioned to continuously capitalize on the growth dividends of this
      rapidly expanding industry.


      In the autonomous bus sector, we achieved significant progress in commercial deployment during the Reporting Period. We
      secured an order for over a hundred autonomous buses, with a total contract value exceeding RMB130 million, inclusive of tax.
      The delivered products are primarily deployed in local cultural tourism, micro-circulation within parks, and urban public transit
      scenarios, marking a pivotal transition of our autonomous bus business from demonstration projects to scaled commercial
      delivery.
8   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




           In terms of ecosystem development, the Group continuously deepened industrial synergy during the Reporting Period, building
           an open and win-win new ecosystem for intelligent driving. In March 2026, the Group officially signed a strategic cooperation
           agreement with CATL Intelligent, a subsidiary of CATL. Both parties will focus on promoting the deep coupling of the “intelligent
           brain” and the “intelligent carrier”, and will collaborate extensively in joint development of intelligent chassis, co-construction
           of battery swapping and mobile power delivery technology ecosystem, scenario-driven collaborative innovation, and overseas
           market expansion, jointly developing globally competitive intelligent and electrified solutions. In June 2026, the Group signed
           a strategic cooperation agreement with LDROBOT in the physical AI sector. Both parties will conduct in-depth synergy in the
           field of physical AI, jointly building a physical AI technology foundation, establishing a full-scenario physical AI product matrix,
           advancing scenario implementation and commercialization synergy, and expanding the boundaries of intelligent application
           scenarios. Furthermore, the Group has jointly established a company with neueHCT, focusing on the research and development
           of physical AI technologies. This initiative aims to build a unified cross-scenario physical AI technology foundation and establish
           diversified business models including hardware sales, algorithm licensing and mobility services, initially accelerating the
           entry of unmanned transportation into key overseas markets, including Europe, the Middle East, and Southeast Asia, while
           continuously enriching the Group’s product portfolio in the field of driverless vehicles. We believe that physical AI, as the core
           technology bridging digital intelligence and the physical world, is driving the intelligent driving industry toward a commercial
           leap from single-point technologies to full-scenario.


    Business Outlook
    Centered on our two core business segments, intelligent components and solutions, and driverless vehicles and operational services,
    we are committed to empowering the intelligent driving ecosystem with physical AI technologies. Looking ahead, as the trend toward
    equalized access to vehicle intelligence deepens and autonomous driving technologies continue to mature, intelligent driving is
    accelerating its transition from advanced driver-assistance to fully autonomous driving. Furthermore, breakthroughs in physical AI
    technology will propel autonomous driving from single-scenario to full-scenario applications, continuously expanding the industry’s
    market potential.


    We will continue to drive technological innovation. Leveraging data flywheel-driven end-to-end large model technologies, we will
    deepen the technological transition and capability reuse from L2+ ADAS to L4 autonomous driving, while accelerating the R&D and
    iteration of our physical AI technology foundation and general-purpose large models. We will accelerate the scaled commercial
    delivery of our driverless vehicle business, propelling driverless logistics vehicles to large-scale commercial deployment, and
    simultaneously expanding the commercialization of additional L4 scenarios such as autonomous buses. Furthermore, we will continue
    to expand our global footprint. While consolidating our leading position in the domestic market, we will accelerate the commercial
    deployment of our driverless vehicles and intelligent driving products in overseas markets, including Asia-Pacific, Europe, and the
    Middle East. Additionally, we will actively seek opportunities to cultivate new business formats. Through ecosystem partnerships and
    joint-venture arrangements, we will continuously enrich our product portfolio in driverless vehicles, and explore diversified business
    models including hardware sales, algorithm licensing and mobility services to drive the long-term sustainable development of the
    Group.


    Since June 30, 2026 and up to the date of this report, there was no material adverse change in our financial or trading position or
    prospects and there was no event that would materially affect the information set out in our Group’s consolidated financial statements
    in this report.
                                                                                                             2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                      9

                                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Financial Review
Revenue
We generated revenue primarily from two major business segments: intelligent components and solutions, and driverless vehicles
and operational services. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue by business line for the years indicated:

                                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                      2026                                  2025
                                                                 Amount                %             Amount                     %
                                                                      (RMB in thousands, except for percentages)


  Intelligent components and solutions                           381,775                84.8            292,118               84.5
    Intelligent driving solutions                                256,612                57.0            231,334               66.9
    Intelligent cabin solutions                                  125,163                27.8             60,784               17.6


  Driverless vehicles and operational services                    52,642                11.7             10,058                2.9
  Others                                                          15,536                 3.5             43,543               12.6


  Total                                                          449,953               100.0            345,719              100.0


Our revenue from intelligent components and solutions increased by 30.7% from RMB292.1 million for the six months ended June 30,
2025 to RMB381.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026.

Our revenue from driverless vehicles and operational services increased by 423.4% from RMB10.1 million for the six months ended
June 30, 2025 to RMB52.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026.

Cost of Sales
Our cost of sales increased by 25.7% from RMB294.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB369.4 million for the six
months ended June 30, 2026, primarily due to the increase in the delivered volume of our solutions, and the increase in our cost of
sales was in line with our revenue growth.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Our gross profit increased by 55.6% from RMB51.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB80.5 million for the six
months ended June 30, 2026, primarily due to the increase in our gross profit margin driven by business growth and an improvement
in our gross profit margin.

Our gross profit margin increased from 15.0% for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to 17.9% for the six months ended June 30,
2026, primarily due to the scale effect achieved as we expanded our business scale.

Selling Expenses
Our selling expenses decreased by 36.8% from RMB53.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB33.7 million for the six
months ended June 30, 2026, primarily due to the optimization of sales strategy, improvement in operational efficiency, decrease in
share-based payment expense and reduction of non-essential expenditure.

General and Administrative Expenses
Our general and administrative expenses increased by 0.8% from RMB58.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB59.4
million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, remained relatively stable compared with the same period last year.

Research and Development Expenses
Our research and development expenses increased by 33.0% from RMB95.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to
RMB126.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, primarily due to the growth in personnel expenses arising from an increase
in the number of R&D personnel, together with the increase in experimental testing and other expenses resulting from higher demand
for R&D projects.
10   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Net Impairment Losses on Financial Assets
     Our net impairment losses on financial assets increased by 24.9% from RMB9.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to
     RMB12.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, primarily due to the increase in provisions for trade receivables and other
     receivables.

     Other Income
     Our other income decreased by 32.8% from RMB8.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB5.6 million for the six
     months ended June 30, 2026, primarily due to a year-on-year decrease in government grants received.

     Other Losses – Net
     Our net other losses increased by 62.0% from a loss of RMB5.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to a loss of RMB8.3
     million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, primarily due to a foreign exchange loss of RMB6.3 million arising from the settlement
     and increased holding of Hong Kong dollars.

     Finance Costs – Net
     Our net finance costs increased by 5,389.2% from a revenue of RMB0.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to the expense
     of RMB5.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, primarily due to a decrease in interest income, together with an increase in
     interest expenses arising from the expansion of interest-bearing liabilities.

     Loss for the Period
     As a result of the foregoing, loss for the period decreased by 1.5% from a loss of RMB162.3 million for the six months ended June 30,
     2025 to a loss of RMB159.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026.

     Non-IFRS Measures
     To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are presented in accordance with IFRS, we also use adjusted net loss
     (non-IFRS measure) and adjusted net loss margin (non-IFRS measure) as additional financial measures, which are not required by,
     or presented in accordance with IFRS. We believe these non-IFRS measures, when shown in conjunction with the corresponding
     IFRS measures, facilitate comparisons of operating performance from year to year and company to company by eliminating potential
     impacts of items.

     The following table reconciles our adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) for the period indicated with our net loss for the period, or
     loss for the period presented in accordance with IFRS:

                                                                                                                            Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                                   2026                           2025
                                                                                                                                (RMB in thousands)


           Loss for the Period                                                                                                  (159,912)                     (162,287)


           Add:
             Share-based payment(1)                                                                                                 7,542                       19,737


           Adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)                                                                                 (152,370)                     (142,550)

     Note:


     (1)      Share-based payment is a non-cash expense arising from granting share-based awards to selected employees. It mainly represents the arrangement that we
              receive services from employees as consideration for our equity instruments. Share-based payment is not expected to result in future cash payments. Share-
              based payment is recorded under our selling expenses, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses; and share-based
              payment in the above table represents the sum of that recorded under each type of such expenses.
                                                                                                                      2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                 11

                                                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Liquidity and Capital Resources
We monitor and maintain a level of liquidity deemed adequate to finance our operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash
flows. As of June 30, 2026, we had RMB341.9 million in cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and time deposits, as compared to
RMB690.7 million as of December 31, 2025. Our cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of cash at banks denominated in RMB
and HKD, with a small portion in USD, Euro and SGD.


After the Reporting Period, we continued to carry out financing activities with the intention of raising a total of approximately RMB340.0
million. The relevant financing is still in progress. If these financings are implemented, the Company believes it will replenish the
Group’s working capital, strengthen its cash resources, optimize its capital structure, enhance the Group’s financial resilience against
risks, and support the Group’s daily operations and business development. For details, please refer to the section headed “Events
After the Reporting Period” in this report and the announcements to be published by the Company in due course.


Our net operating cash outflow during the Reporting Period was RMB249.4 million, representing an increase from RMB159.3 million
in the corresponding period of 2025. Our net cash used in operating activities during the Reporting Period is calculated by adjusting
our loss before income tax of RMB159.9 million by non-cash and other items to arrive at an operating loss before changes in working
capital of RMB99.9 million.


Indebtedness
Borrowings
As of June 30, 2026, we had total borrowings of RMB471.7 million, as compared to that of RMB372.5 million as of December 31, 2025.
The increase in the balance of our borrowings was primarily due to the growing cash requirements in line with the expansion of our
driverless vehicle business, R&D investments, and production capacity construction, and our continued efforts to optimize our debt
structure by making better utilization of our debt financing resources and raising funds with lower costs. We primarily borrow from
reputable commercial banks in China.


Lease Liabilities
Our lease liabilities are in relation to properties that we lease primarily for our offices and factories. As of December 31, 2025 and
June 30, 2026, we recognized total lease liabilities of RMB28.0 million and RMB38.8 million, respectively. The fluctuation in our lease
liabilities was primarily due to the changes in leases for offices.


Key Financial Ratios
Our current ratio (calculated as current assets divided by current liabilities as of the same date) decreased to 1.92x as of June 30, 2026
from 2.41x as of December 31, 2025, primarily due to (i) decrease in cash and cash equivalents; (ii) increase in operating liabilities; and
(iii) increase in non-current liabilities due within one year.


Our asset-liability ratio (calculated as total assets divided by total liabilities as of the same date) decreased to 1.85x as of June 30, 2026
from 2.26x as of December 31, 2025, primarily due to the expansion of the Company’s total liabilities, driven by an increase in trade
payables and interest-bearing borrowings, coupled with the contraction of the asset base resulting from sustained cash consumption
by share repurchases and high-intensity research and development investments, which collectively led to a corresponding decrease in
the asset-liability ratio.


As of June 30, 2026 and as of December 31, 2025, our gearing ratio (calculated as total interest-bearing borrowings and lease
liabilities divided by total equity) was approximately 57.83% and 35.67%, respectively.


Charge on Assets
As of June 30, 2026, the Company had no assets under charge or pledge (FY2025: RMB30.0 million).


Contingent Liabilities
As of June 30, 2026, our Company did not have any material contingent liabilities.
12   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Financial Risk Management
     Our activities expose us to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, cash flow and fair value interest
     rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. Our risk management is predominantly controlled by the treasury department
     under policies approved by the Board. Our treasury department identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close cooperation
     with our operating units. The Board provides written principles for overall risk management, as well as policies covering specific
     areas, such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, use of derivative financial instruments and non-derivative financial
     instruments and investment of excess liquidity.


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT AND MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF
     SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
     On May 29, 2026, the Company entered into the sale and purchase agreement with ZTO Express Co., Ltd. (the “Seller”), ZTO WH
     Holding Limited (the “Subscriber”) and Xi‘an Tongtu Technology Co., Ltd (the “Target Company”), pursuant to which the Seller has
     conditionally agreed to sell, and the Company has conditionally agreed to acquire, 50% equity interest in the Target Company for
     a total consideration of RMB25,000,000 which shall be settled (i) partly in cash in the amount of RMB5,000,000; and (ii) partly by
     the allotment and issue of consideration shares of 2,339,208 H Shares at the issue price of HK$9.81 per H Share (totaling a share
     consideration of RMB20,000,000) to the Subscriber under the general mandate granted at the annual general meeting of the Company
     held on May 23, 2025 credited as fully paid.


     As of the date of this report, the acquisition has not been completed. Upon completion of the acquisition, the Target Company will
     become a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and its results will be consolidated in the results of the Group. For details,
     please refer to the announcement of the Company dated May 29, 2026.


     During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed above, the Group did not make any other material acquisitions or disposals of its
     subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.


     HUMAN RESOURCES
     As of June 30, 2026, we had 920 full-time employees, all of whom were based in the PRC. We recruit employees primarily through
     employment websites, on-campus recruitment and internal referrals. We enter into standard labor contracts with our employees and
     confidentiality and non-compete agreements with key management and professionals. In addition to salary and allowances, we offer
     competitive remuneration packages to our employees including performance-based bonuses, long-term incentive programs (such as
     our Employee Incentive Schemes for selected managers, high-potential talent and key technical professionals) and employee benefit
     plans. We have established periodical review system to assess the performance of employees, which forms the basis of our decisions
     with respect to salary increases and promotions.


     We emphasize the importance of training and development for our employees to enhance their technical skills and overall
     performance, and provide induction training to new joiners on our culture, business and industry to help them to fit in as well
     as tailored, continuing training sessions to improve their skill sets constantly. We are committed to the education, recruitment,
     development and advancement of diverse team members nationwide, and are recognized for our commitment to those efforts.
                                                                                                                  2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                            13

        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
We are committed to achieving high standards of corporate governance which are crucial to our development and safeguard
the interests of our Shareholders, and recognize the importance of incorporating elements of good corporate governance in the
management structures and internal control procedures of our Group to achieve effective accountability.


The Company has adopted corporate governance practices based on the principles and code provisions as set out in the Corporate
Governance Code as its own code of corporate governance practices. During the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with the
applicable code provisions under the Corporate Governance Code set out in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, save for code
provision C.2.1.


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, companies listed on the Stock Exchange are expected to comply
with but may choose to deviate from the requirement that the responsibilities between the chairman and the chief executive officer
should be segregated and should be performed by different individuals. During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report,
the roles of chairman of the Board and general manager are currently performed by Dr. Liu Guoqing (“Dr. Liu”), our co-founder,
chairman of the Board, executive Director and general manager. In view of Dr. Liu’s substantial contribution to our Group since our
establishment and his extensive experience, it is considered that having Dr. Liu acting as both our chairman of the Board and general
manager will provide strong and consistent leadership to our Group and facilitate efficient execution of our business strategies, and
will be appropriate and beneficial to our Group’s business development and prospects. The Board believes that this structure will not
impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the management of our Group, given that (i) there are sufficient
checks and balances in the Board, as a decision to be made by our Board requires approval by at least a majority of our Directors, and
our Board comprises three independent non-executive Directors, which is in compliance with the requirement under the Listing Rules;
(ii) Dr. Liu and the other Directors are aware of and undertake to fulfil their fiduciary duties as Directors, which require, among other
things, that he or she acts for the benefit and in the best interests of our Company and will make decisions for our Group accordingly;
and (iii) the balance of power and authority is ensured by the operations of the Board which comprises experienced and high caliber
individuals who meet regularly to discuss issues affecting the operations of our Company. Moreover, the overall strategic and other
key business, financial, and operational policies of our Group are made collectively after thorough discussion at the Board and/or
senior management levels. The Board will continue to review the effectiveness of the corporate governance structure of our Group in
order to assess whether separation of the roles of chairman of the Board and general manager is necessary.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE
The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct regulating dealings in securities of the Company by its Directors
and employees who are in possession of inside information in relation to the Group or the Company’s securities.


In response to specific enquiries made by the Board, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the provisions of the Model
Code during the Reporting Period.


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
The H Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on December 27, 2024, and the over-allotment option in connection with the Global
Offering was partially exercised on January 19, 2025. The Company issued a total of 310,369,508 H Shares at an issue price of
HK$17.00 per share in connection with its Global Offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The gross proceeds
raised by the Company from the issuance of new shares in connection with its Global Offering and the partial exercise of the over-
allotment option amounted to approximately HK$679.1 million, and the net proceeds (after deducting the underwriting commission,
incentive fees, other professional parties’ fees and other listing expenses) amounted to approximately HK$619.0 million (the “IPO Net
Proceeds”).
14   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     The table below sets out the future plan for the intended uses of IPO Net Proceeds and their expected timeline of utilization based on
     the Company’s current estimation:


                                                                                       Amount of        Amount of
                                                                                          IPO Net          IPO Net        Amount of
                                                                                        Proceeds         Proceeds            IPO Net           Expected
                                                  Approximate           IPO Net    unutilized for      utilized for        Proceeds          timeline of
                                                   percentage         Proceeds     each intended    each intended     unutilized for        utilizing the
                                                        of the        allocated         use as of   use during the    each intended              IPO Net
                                                      IPO Net            for the   December 31,         Reporting          use as of           Proceeds
                                                     Proceeds     intended use               2025           Period    June 30, 2026                in full
                                                                 (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)


      Enhancing our R&D capabilities as well as
         recruiting and retaining relevant R&D
         talents                                          40%             247.6                0                 0                0                  N/A
      Increasing our production efficiency and
         solution competitiveness                         30%             185.7            168.0              16.7            151.3    By the end of 2027
      Reinforcing our sales and marketing
         capabilities                                     20%             123.8              91.6             24.4              67.2   By the end of 2027
      Working capital and general corporate
         purposes                                         10%              61.9              38.4             38.4                0                  N/A


      Total                                              100%             619.0            298.0              79.5            218.5


     As of the date of this report, there had not been any change in the intended use of the IPO Net Proceeds and the expected
     implementation timeline as previously disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus, and we
     did not anticipate any material change to our plan on such intended use of the IPO Net Proceeds.


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE JULY 2025 PLACING
     On July 2, 2025 (after trading hours), the Company and CLSA Limited (the “Sole Placing Agent”) entered into a placing agreement (the
     “July 2025 Placing”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to appoint the Sole Placing Agent, and the Sole Placing Agent agreed to
     act as the agent of the Company, to procure not less than six (6) placees, who shall be institutional, corporate professional and other
     investors, and who and whose ultimate beneficial owners shall be the independent third parties, on a best effort basis, to subscribe for
     up to 6,800,000 new Shares (“placing shares”) (representing approximately 1.67% of the number of Shares in issue (i.e. 406,746,400
     Shares, excluding the Treasury Shares) as enlarged by the allotment and issuance of the placing shares in the July 2025 Placing) at
     the placing price of HK$23.26 per placing share. The aggregate nominal value of the placing shares is RMB6,800,000. The placing
     price of HK$23.26 per placing share represents a discount of approximately 14.80% to the closing price of HK$27.30 per Share as
     quoted on the Stock Exchange on July 2, 2025 (being the date of the placing agreement for the July 2025 Placing).


     The July 2025 Placing was conducted under the general mandate granted to the Board at the annual general meeting of the Company
     held on May 23, 2025. On July 9, 2025, the July 2025 Placing was completed. A total of 6,800,000 new H Shares have been successfully
     placed by the Sole Placing Agent to no less than six (6) placees at the placing price of HK$23.26 per placing share in the July 2025
     Placing. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, each of the placees
     and its ultimate beneficial owners are institutional, corporate professional and other investors who are Independent Third Parties, and
     none of the placees has become a substantial shareholder of the Company immediately after the completion of the July 2025 Placing.
     The total gross proceeds from the July 2025 Placing are approximately HK$158.2 million, and the net proceeds from the July 2025
     Placing, after deducting the commission and other related expenses and professional fees, amounted to approximately HK$155.1
     million (the “July 2025 Placing Proceeds”). The net price of the placing shares was approximately HK$22.81 per Share.
                                                                                                                                    2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                 15

                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




The table below sets out the future plan for the intended uses of the July 2025 Placing Proceeds and their expected timeline of
utilization based on the Company’s current estimation:


                                                                                         Amount of         Amount of
                                                                                          July 2025         July 2025        Amount of
                                                                                            Placing           Placing         July 2025            Expected
                                                  Approximate           July 2025         Proceeds          Proceeds            Placing          timeline of
                                                   percentage             Placing    unutilized for       utilized for        Proceeds          utilizing the
                                                         of the         Proceeds     each intended     each intended     unutilized for            July 2025
                                                     July 2025          allocated          use as of      use during     each intended               Placing
                                                       Placing             for the   December 31,      the Reporting           use as of           Proceeds
                                                     Proceeds       intended use               2025            Period    June 30, 2026                 in full
                                                                   (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)


 Enhancing the performance of our Group’s
   intelligent driving solutions and meeting
   the rapidly growing demand for large-
   scale implementation of mid- to high-level
   intelligent driving projects                           40%                62.0              15.8              15.8                 0                  N/A
 Technological upgrading of L4 autonomous
   driving solutions to support the commercial
   deployment of autonomous passenger and
   cargo transport scenarios                              30%                46.5                 0                 0                 0                  N/A
 Exploring potential strategic partnership,
   alliance and acquisition opportunities                 20%                31.0              20.0                 0              20.0    By the end of 2027
 Working capital and general corporate purposes           10%                15.5              14.0              14.0                 0                   N/A


 Total                                                   100%               155.0              49.8              29.8              20.0


As of the date of this report, there had not been any change in the intended use of the July 2025 Placing Proceeds and the expected
implementation timeline as previously disclosed in the section headed “Uses of Proceeds from The Placing” in the announcement
dated July 3, 2025, and we did not anticipate any material change to our plan on such intended use of the July 2025 Placing Proceeds.


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE DECEMBER 2025 PLACING
On November 26, 2025 (after trading hours), the Company and CLSA Limited, Guotai Junan Securities (Hong Kong) Limited and
SBI China Capital Financial Services Limited (the “Joint Placing Agents”) entered into a placing agreement (the “December 2025
Placing”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to appoint the Joint Placing Agents, and the Joint Placing Agents agreed to act
as the agent of the Company, to procure not less than six (6) placees, who shall be institutional, corporate professional and other
investors, and who and whose ultimate beneficial owners shall be the independent third parties, on a best effort basis, to subscribe for
up to 14,012,800 new Shares (“placing shares”) (representing approximately 3.33% of the number of Shares in issue (i.e. 420,759,200
Shares, excluding the Treasury Shares) as enlarged by the allotment and issuance of the placing shares in the December 2025
Placing) at the placing price of HK$14.88 per placing share. The aggregate nominal value of the placing shares is RMB14,012,800. The
placing price of HK$14.88 per placing share represents a discount of approximately 9.98% to the closing price of HK$16.53 per Share as
quoted on the Stock Exchange on November 25, 2025 (being the date on which the price for the December 2025 Placing was fixed).
16   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     The December 2025 Placing was conducted under the general mandate granted to the Board at the annual general meeting of the
     Company held on May 23, 2025. On December 2, 2025, the December 2025 Placing was completed. A total of 14,012,800 new H Shares
     have been successfully placed by the Placing Agents to no less than six (6) placees at the placing price of HK$14.88 per placing
     share in the December 2025 Placing. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having made all reasonable
     enquiries, each of the placees and its ultimate beneficial owners are institutional, corporate professional and other investors who
     are Independent Third Parties, and none of the placees has become a substantial shareholder of the Company immediately after the
     completion of the December 2025 Placing. The total gross proceeds from the December 2025 Placing are approximately HK$208.5
     million, and the net proceeds from the December 2025 Placing, after deducting the commission and other related expenses and
     professional fees, amounted to approximately HK$204.4 million (the “December 2025 Placing Proceeds”). The net price of the placing
     shares was approximately HK$14.59 per Share.


     As of June 30, 2026, the Company had fully utilized the December 2025 Placing Proceeds in accordance with the intended use as set
     out in the announcements of the Company dated November 26, 2025 and December 2, 2025 in relation to the December 2025 Placing.


     The table below sets out the utilization of the December 2025 Placing Proceeds by the Company during the Reporting Period:

                                                                                             Amount of       Amount of
                                                                                        December 2025 December 2025          Amount of
                                                                                                Placing         Placing December 2025            Expected
                                                        Approximate December 2025             Proceeds        Proceeds          Placing        timeline of
                                                         percentage          Placing      unutilized for    utilized for      Proceeds        utilizing the
                                                              of the       Proceeds      each intended   each intended    unutilized for   December 2025
                                                      December 2025        allocated          use as of use during the   each intended             Placing
                                                             Placing          for the    December 31,        Reporting        use as of          Proceeds
                                                           Proceeds    intended use                2025          Period  June 30, 2026               in full
                                                                      (HK$ million)       (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)


      Enhancing the performance of our Group’s
        intelligent driving solutions and meeting
        the rapidly growing demand for large-
        scale implementation of mid- to high-level
        intelligent driving projects                            30%              61.3             61.3             61.3               0                N/A
      Technological upgrading of L4 autonomous
        driving solutions to support the commercial
        deployment of autonomous passenger and
        cargo transport scenarios                               70%             143.1            119.6            119.6               0                N/A


      Total                                                    100%             204.4            180.9            180.9               0


     As at 30 June 2026, the December 2025 Placing Proceeds has been fully utilized.
                                                                                                                                     2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                              17

                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board did not recommend the distribution of any interim dividend for the Reporting Period.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 8,346,200 H Shares on the Stock Exchange at the consideration of
approximately HK$120 million (excluding transaction fees).


                                                                               Number of
                                                                                H Shares
                                                                             repurchased
                                                                                 (held as              Price per H Share repurchased                Total
Month of repurchase                                                      treasury shares)                    Highest             Lowest     consideration
                                                                                                               (HKD)              (HKD)        (HKD’000)


2026
January                                                                           5,011,200                    17.50              14.49            79,845
February                                                                          1,333,000                    15.00              14.65            19,956
April                                                                             2,002,000                    10.30               9.86            20,384


Total                                                                             8,346,200                                                       120,185*


*       The total consideration included in the above table has been subject to rounding adjustments


The Board believes that the above share repurchases reflect the management’s firm confidence in the long-term value of the
Group and is conducive to enhancing the Group’s capital market value and its ability to deliver returns to Shareholders. The share
repurchases are in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


As of June 30, 2026, the 8,346,200 repurchased H Shares were held by the Company as treasury shares. As of the date of this report,
the Company had no present intention to use or sell the treasury shares.


Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries had
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the securities of the Company listed on the Stock Exchange, nor sold any treasury shares of the
Company.


H Share Full Circulation
As disclosed in the announcements made by the Company on February 4, 2026 and February 6, 2026, the Company has received a
filing notice dated January 26, 2026 issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission in respect of the implementation of the
H Share full circulation for an aggregate of 89,576,892 Unlisted Shares (the “H Share Full Circulation”) and received the approval
granted by the Stock Exchange on February 6, 2026 for the listing of and permission to deal in 89,576,892 H Shares upon completion
of the H Share Full Circulation. See circular dated February 19, 2025 and announcements dated July 24, 2025, February 4, 2026 and
February 6, 2026 for further details of the H Share Full Circulation.
18   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED
     CORPORATIONS
     As of June 30, 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company in the Shares, underlying
     shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were
     required: (i) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
     interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii) pursuant to section
     352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register maintained by the Company; or (iii) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


     Long positions in the Shares or underlying shares of the Company:

                                                                                                                                   Approximate            Approximate
                                                                                                                                     percentage             percentage
                                                                                                                     Number of in relevant class         in total issued
       Name of Director            Class of Shares         Capacity/Nature of Interest                             Shares held(1)    of Shares(2)        share capital(2)


       Dr. Liu Guoqing             Unlisted Shares         Beneficial interest                                      17,141,751 (L)           19.14%               4.05%
                                                           Interests held jointly with another person(3)            21,602,603 (L)           24.12%               5.11%
                                                           Interest in controlled corporations(4)                   10,554,540 (L)           11.78%               2.49%
                                   H Shares                Beneficial interest                                      17,341,752 (L)            5.20%               4.10%
                                                           Interests held jointly with another person(3)            21,602,604 (L)            6.48%               5.11%
                                                           Interest in controlled corporations(4)                   10,554,542 (L)            3.16%               2.49%

       Mr. Yang Guang              Unlisted Shares         Beneficial interest                                       7,464,254 (L)            8.33%               1.76%
                                                           Interests held jointly with another person(3)            31,280,100 (L)           34.92%               7.39%
                                   H Shares                Beneficial interest                                       7,464,254 (L)            2.24%               1.76%
                                                           Interests held jointly with another person(3)            31,480,102 (L)            9.44%               7.44%

       Mr. Zhou Xiang              Unlisted Shares         Beneficial interest                                       7,464,254 (L)            8.33%               1.76%
                                                           Interests held jointly with another person(3)            31,280,100 (L)           34.92%               7.39%
                                   H Shares                Beneficial interest                                       7,464,254 (L)            2.24%               1.76%
                                                           Interests held jointly with another person(3)            31,480,102 (L)            9.44%               7.44%

       Mr. Wang Qicheng            Unlisted Shares         Beneficial interest                                       6,674,095 (L)            7.45%               1.58%
                                                           Interests held jointly with another person(3)            32,070,259 (L)           35.80%               7.58%
                                   H Shares                Beneficial interest                                       6,674,096 (L)            2.00%               1.58%
                                                           Interests held jointly with another person(3)            32,270,260 (L)            9.68%               7.63%

     Notes:

     (1)      The letter “L” denotes a long position in the Shares.

     (2)      The approximate percentage of shareholding interest in the Company is calculated based on the total number of 423,098,408 Shares in issue as at June 30,
              2026, which consists of 333,521,516 H Shares and 89,576,892 Unlisted Shares.

     (3)      Pursuant to the Amended Concert Party Agreement, each of Dr. Liu Guoqing, Mr. Yang Guang, Mr. Zhou Xiang, Mr. Wang Qicheng, Mr. Yan Shengye and
              Mr. Wu Jianxin agreed to be parties acting in concert in (i) aligning their votes in the board meetings of the Company, and (ii) aligning their votes in the
              Shareholders’ meeting in respect of the Shares beneficially owned by each of them from time to time, since they became and remained as Directors or
              Shareholders. The acting-in-concert relationship in respect of Mr. Yan Shengye and Mr. Wu Jianxin lapsed upon 12 months after the Listing. Therefore, under
              the SFO, each of Dr. Liu Guoqing, Mr. Yang Guang, Mr. Zhou Xiang and Mr. Wang Qicheng is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each other.

     (4)      Dr. Liu Guoqing is the general partner of Youjia Qingcheng, Youjia Zhongcheng and Youjia Licheng, the ESOP Holding Entities. Therefore, under the SFO, Dr.
              Liu Guoqing is deemed to be interested in Shares held by Youjia Qingcheng, Youjia Zhongcheng and Youjia Licheng.
                                                                                                                        2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                    19

                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




Save as disclosed above and to the best knowledge of the Directors and chief executive of the Company, as of June 30, 2026, none
of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company has any interests and/or short positions in the Shares, underlying shares or
debentures of the Company or its associated corporations, which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have
under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to
therein or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.


Following the abolition of the supervisory committee of the Company with effect from June 12, 2026, the Company had no supervisor as
at June 30, 2026.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
As of June 30, 2026, so far as the Directors are aware, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the
Company) had an interest or a short position in the Shares or underlying shares of the Company which would be required to be
disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:


Interests in Shares or underlying Shares of the Company:

                                                                                                                Approximate       Approximate
                                                                                                                  percentage        percentage
                                                                       Capacity/                  Number of in relevant class    in total issued
 Name of Shareholder                                 Class of Shares   Nature of Interest       Shares held(1)    of Shares(2)   share capital(2)


 Youjia Qingcheng                                    Unlisted Shares   Beneficial interest       6,193,090 (L)          6.91%             1.46%

 Beijing Siwei Internet Fund Management Center       H Shares          Beneficial interest(3)   32,611,320 (L)          9.78%             7.71%
   (Limited Partnership)

 Beijing Siwei Tiansheng Private Equity Fund         H Shares          Interest in controlled   32,611,320 (L)          9.78%             7.71%
   Management Co., Ltd.                                                   Corporations(3)

 NavInfo Co., Ltd.                                   H Shares          Interest in controlled   32,611,320 (L)          9.78%             7.71%
                                                                          Corporations(3)

 Shenzhen Zeyi Semiconductor Investment              H Shares          Beneficial interest(4)   21,421,719 (L)          6.42%             5.06%
   Partnership (Limited Partnership)

 Shenzhen Zeyi Private Equity Venture Capital Fund   H Shares          Interest in controlled   21,421,719 (L)          6.42%             5.06%
   Management Co., Ltd.                                                   Corporations(4)

 Mr. Chi Ke                                          H Shares          Interest in controlled   21,421,719 (L)          6.42%             5.06%
                                                                          Corporations(4)

 Gongqingcheng Xinxing Entrepreneurship Investment H Shares            Interest in controlled   21,421,719 (L)          6.42%             5.06%
   Partnership (Limited Partnership)                                      Corporations(4)

 Shenzhen Times Trust Creation No. 1 Investment      H Shares          Interest in controlled   21,421,719 (L)          6.42%             5.06%
   Partnership (Limited Partnership)                                      Corporations(4)

 Mr. Chen Yaoqing                                    H Shares          Interest in controlled   21,421,719 (L)          6.42%             5.06%
                                                                          Corporations(4)
20   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




                                                                                                                                   Approximate            Approximate
                                                                                                                                     percentage             percentage
                                                                                     Capacity/                       Number of in relevant class         in total issued
       Name of Shareholder                                     Class of Shares       Nature of Interest            Shares held(1)    of Shares(2)        share capital(2)


       Guokai Zhizao Transformation and Upgrading Fund         Unlisted Shares       Beneficial interest(5)         20,548,643 (L)           22.94%               4.86%
         (Limited Partnership)

       Guokai Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd.             Unlisted Shares       Interest in controlled         20,548,643 (L)           22.94%               4.86%
                                                                                        Corporations(5)

       China Development Bank Capital Co., Ltd                 Unlisted Shares       Interest in controlled         20,548,643 (L)           22.94%               4.86%
                                                                                        Corporations(5)

       National Manufacturing Transformation and Upgrade Unlisted Shares             Interest in controlled         20,548,643 (L)           22.94%               4.86%
         Fund Co., Ltd.                                                                 Corporations(5)

       Zhiying Huirong Private Fund Management (Beijing)       H Shares              Interest in controlled         17,000,902 (L)            5.10%               4.02%
          Co., Ltd.                                                                     Corporations(6)

       Mr. Zhang Tieshuang                                     Unlisted Shares       Interest in controlled          5,369,975 (L)            5.99%               1.27%
                                                                                        Corporations(7)

       Shenzhen Kangchengheng Capital Management               H Shares              Interest in controlled         35,812,255 (L)           10.74%               8.46%
         Group Limited                                                                  Corporations(8)

       Mr. Yuan Yakang                                         H Shares              Interest in controlled         35,812,255 (L)           10.74%               8.46%
                                                                                        Corporations(8)

       KCH International Investment Limited                    H Shares              Interest in controlled         24,564,960 (L)            7.37%               5.81%
                                                                                        Corporations(8)

       Tianjin Kangchengheng Enterprise Management             H Shares              Interest in controlled         24,564,960 (L)            7.37%               5.81%
          Consultation Partnership (Limited Partnership)                                Corporations(8)

       Zhuji Kangchengheng Huiying Investment                  H Shares              Interest in controlled         24,564,960 (L)            7.37%               5.81%
         Partnership (Limited Partnership)                                              Corporations(8)

       Zhuji Economic Development and Financing                H Shares              Interest in controlled         24,564,960 (L)            7.37%               5.81%
         Investment Co., Ltd.                                                           Corporations(8)

       Zhuji Municipal Finance Bureau                          H Shares              Interest in controlled         24,564,960 (L)            7.37%               5.81%
                                                                                        Corporations(8)

     Notes:


     (1)      The letter “L” denote a long position in the Shares.


     (2)      The approximate percentage of shareholding interest in the Company is calculated based on the total number of 423,098,408 Shares in issue as at June 30,
              2026, which consists of 333,521,516 H Shares and 89,576,892 Unlisted Shares.


     (3)      Beijing Siwei Internet Fund Management Center (Limited Partnership) ( 北 京 四 維 互 聯 基 金 管 理 中 心 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Beijing Siwei”) is a limited partnership
              established under the laws of the PRC. Its general partner is Beijing Siwei Tiansheng Private Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 北京四維天盛私募基金管
              理有限公司 ) (“Beijing Siwei Management”). Beijing Siwei is held by Beijing Siwei Management as to 1% and its limited partner, NavInfo Co., Ltd. as to 99%.
              Therefore, under the SFO, each of Beijing Siwei Management and NavInfo Co., Ltd is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Beijing Siwei.
                                                                                                                                     2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                   21

                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




(4)   Shenzhen Zeyi Semiconductor Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 深 圳 澤 奕 半 導 體 投 資 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Shenzhen Zeyi”) is a limited
      partnership established under the laws of the PRC. Its general partner is Shenzhen Zeyi Private Equity Venture Capital Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 深圳澤奕
      私募創業投資基金管理有限公司 ) (“Shenzhen Zeyi Management”), which is in turn held by Mr. Chi Ke ( 池可先生 ) as to 75.23%. Shenzhen Zeyi is held as to 1.03%
      by Shenzhen Zeyi Management, and its limited partners, among which (i) 33.33% is held by Gongqingcheng Xinxing Entrepreneurship Investment Partnership
      (Limited Partnership) ( 共青城欣興創業投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Gongqingcheng”), (ii) 33.33% is held by Shenzhen Times Trust Creation No. 1 Investment
      Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 深圳時代信創壹號投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 ) (“Shenzhen Times”), and (iii) 32.31% is held by nine other limited partners,
      none of which holds one-third or more of the interest therein. Gongqingcheng is held by Mr. Chen Yaoqing ( 陳 瑤 清 先 生 ) as to over 90%, and Shenzhen
      Times is held by a total of 18 partners and none of which holds one-third or more of the interest therein. Therefore, under the SFO, each of Shenzhen Zeyi
      Management, Mr. Chi Ke, Gongqingcheng, Shenzhen Times and Mr. Chen Yaoqing is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Shenzhen Zeyi.


(5)   Guokai Zhizao Transformation and Upgrading Fund (Limited Partnership) ( 國開製造業轉型升級基金 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Guokai Zhizao”) is a limited partnership
      established under the laws of the PRC. Its general partner is Guokai Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 國 開 投 資 基 金 管 理 有 限 責 任 公 司 ) (“Guokai
      Management”), which is in turn wholly owned by China Development Bank Capital Co., Ltd ( 國開金融有限責任公司 ) (“CDB”). Guokai Zhizao is held by Guokai
      Management as to 0.2% and its limited partner, National Manufacturing Transformation and Upgrade Fund Co., Ltd. ( 國家製造業轉型升級基金股份有限公
      司 ) (“Manufacturing Transformation Fund”) as to 99.8%. Manufacturing Transformation Fund is in turn held by CDB as to 13.59% and 19 other shareholders
      as to 86.41%, none of which holds one-third or more of the interest therein. Therefore, under the SFO, each of Guokai Management, CDB and Manufacturing
      Transformation Fund is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Guokai Zhizao.


(6)   Zhuhai Jiashi Shengqi Venture Capital Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 珠海嘉實盛啟創業投資基金合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Jiashi Shengqi”), Zhuhai
      Jiashi Shengde Venture Capital Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 珠海嘉實盛德創業投資基金合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Jiashi Shengde”) and Zhuhai
      Jiashi Shengxuan Venture Capital Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 珠海嘉實盛烜創業投資基金合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Jiashi Shengxuan”) directly
      held 1.79%, 1.69% and 1.62% of the Company’s H Shares, respectively. The general partner of each of Jiashi Shengqi, Jiashi Shengde and Jiashi Shengxuan
      is Zhiying Huirong Private Fund Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. ( 智 盈 匯 融 私 募 基 金 管 理 ( 北 京 ) 有 限 公 司 ) (“Zhiying Huirong”). Therefore, under the SFO,
      Zhiying Huirong is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Jiashi Shengqi, Jiashi Shengde and Jiashi Shengxuan.


(7)   Harbin Xinrong Qihang Venture Capital Enterprise (Limited Partnership) ( 哈 爾 濱 鑫 榕 啟 航 創 業 投 資 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Xinrong Capital”) and Shenzhen
      Qianhe Wanhe Venture Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 深圳千賀萬禾創業投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Shenzhen Wanhe”) directly held 2.00% and
      4.00% of the Company’s Unlisted Shares, respectively. The general partner of Xinrong Capital is Zhoushan Guangchuan Venture Capital Partnership (Limited
      Partnership) (“Zhoushan Guangchuan”), which is in turn held as to 95.00% by Mr. Zhang Tieshuang ( 張鐵雙先生 ). The general partner of Shenzhen Wanhe
      is Tianjin Yuerong Qihe Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 天津越榕啟赫企業管理合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) which is held by its general
      partner, Zhoushan Guangchuan as to 90%. Therefore, under the SFO, Mr. Zhang Tieshuang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Xinrong Capital
      and Shenzhen Wanhe.


(8)   Shenzhen Jiaxin Yuande Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 深圳市嘉信元德股權投資基金合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Jiaxin Yuande”),
      Shenzhen Kangchengheng Ruixiang Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 深 圳 市 康 成 亨 睿 享 投 資 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Kangchengheng
      Ruixiang”) and KCH International Investment Limited directly held 2.52%, 0.85% and 7.37% of the Company’s H Shares, respectively. The general partner of
      Jiaxin Yuande is Shenzhen Jialin Xinye Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( 深圳市嘉霖信業股權投資管理有限公司 ) (“Jialin Management”), which is in
      turn held by Shenzhen Kangchengheng Capital Management Group Limited ( 深圳市康成亨資本管理集團有限公司 ) (“Kangchengheng”) as to approximately
      51.5%. The general partner of Kangchengheng Ruixiang is Kangchengheng. Kangchengheng is held as to 87% by Mr. Yuan Yakang ( 袁 亞 康 先 生 ). KCH
      International Investment Limited was held as to 70% by Tianjin Kangchengheng Enterprise Management Consultation Partnership (Limited Partnership)
      ( 天 津 市 康 成 亨 企 業 管 理 諮 詢 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Tianjin KCH”). Tianjin KCH was in turn held as to 0.0007% by its general partner, Kangchengheng
      Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 深 圳 市 康 成 亨 資 產 管 理 有 限 公 司 ) (“Kangchengheng Asset Management”) and as to 71.43% by its limited partner, Zhuji
      Kangchengheng Huiying Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 諸 暨 康 成 亨 匯 英 創 業 投 資 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Zhuji Kangchengheng Huiying”).
      Kangchengheng Asset Management was held as to 93.33% by Kangchengheng. Zhuji Kangchengheng Huiying was held as to 94% by its limited partner,
      Zhuji Economic Development and Financing Investment Co., Ltd. ( 諸暨經開創融投資有限公司 ), which was ultimately controlled by Zhuji Municipal Finance
      Bureau ( 諸暨市財政局 ). Therefore, under the SFO, each of Tianjin KCH, Kangchengheng, Mr. Yuan Yakang, Zhuji Kangchengheng Huiying, Zhuji Economic
      Development and Financing Investment Co., Ltd. and Zhuji Municipal Finance Bureau is deemed to be interested in the respective Shares held by Jiaxin
      Yuande, Kangchengheng Ruixiang and KCH International Investment Limited.


Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2026, the Directors are not aware of any other person (other than the Directors or chief
executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the
register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.
22   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     EMPLOYEE INCENTIVE SCHEMES
     Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme
     To attract and retain talents and to provide incentives to our employees for long-term development of our Company, the Company
     adopted the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme by way of establishing ESOP Holding Entities, namely Youjia Qingcheng, Youjia
     Zhongcheng and Youjia Licheng.


     The Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme is not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules as it does not involve any
     grant of share options or awards or any issuance of new Shares by our Company after Listing. Given the Shares under the Pre-IPO
     Employee Incentive Scheme have already been issued to Youjia Qingcheng, Youjia Zhongcheng and Youjia Licheng as of the date of this
     report there will not be any dilutive effect to the issued Shares as a result of the operation of the Employee Incentive Scheme.


     Post-IPO Share Schemes
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement and circular each dated December 12, 2025, the Company proposed to adopt the H
     Share Option Scheme and the H Share Award Scheme to, among others, attract, motivate, and retain directors, supervisors, senior
     management, and employees who have made material contributions to the Company’s continuous operation, development, and long-
     term growth. Each of the H Share Option Scheme and the H Share Award Scheme is subject to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The
     adoption of the H Share Option Scheme and H Share Award Scheme was approved by the Shareholders at the extraordinary general
     meeting held by the Company on January 6, 2026.


     A summary of each of the H Share Option Scheme and H Share Award Scheme is set forth below.


     H Share Option Scheme
     (1)   Purposes
           The purposes of the H Share Option Scheme are to (i) facilitate the achievement of the Company’s long-term sustainable
           development and performance objectives; (ii) closely align the interests of the grantees with those of Shareholders, investors,
           and the Company to enhance corporate cohesion, and promote the maximization of the Company’s value; (iii) improve the
           Company’s incentive mechanisms to attract, motivate, and retain Directors, Supervisors, senior management, and employees
           who have made material contributions to the Company’s continuous operation, development, and long-term growth; and (iv)
           recognize and affirm the contributions made or to be made by eligible participants to the Company.


     (2)   Scheme limit
           The total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options (“Options”) that may be granted under the H Share
           Option Scheme and all share options and share awards that may be granted under any other schemes of the Company would be
           no more than 42,075,920 Shares (the “H Share Option Scheme Limit”), representing no more than 10% of the total number of
           Shares in issue (excluding any treasury shares) as at the adoption date (i.e. January 6, 2026).


            As at the date of this report, the total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all Options that may be granted under
            the H Share Option Scheme was 42,075,920 Shares, representing 9.68% of the issued share (excluding treasury shares) of the
            Company.


     (3)   Participants
           Eligible participants of the H Share Option Scheme include (i) director(s), supervisor(s), senior management and employee(s)
           (whether full time or part time employees) of the Company and/or of any of its subsidiaries (including persons who are granted
           Options under the H Share Option Scheme as an inducement to enter into employment contracts with these companies)
           (“Employee Participants”) and (ii) director(s) and employee(s) (whether full time or part time employees) of the holding
           company(ies), fellow subsidiary(ies) or associated company(ies) of the Company (“Related Entity Participants”). For avoidance
           of doubt, the eligible participants of the H Share Option Scheme shall include independent non-executive Director(s).
                                                                                                                      2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                 23

                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




      In assessing the eligibility of Employee Participants, the Board will consider all relevant factors as appropriate, including,
      among others, (i) his/her skills, knowledge, experience, expertise and other relevant personal qualities; (ii) his/her performance,
      time commitment, responsibilities or employment conditions and the prevailing market practice and industry standard; (iii) his/
      her contribution made or expected to be made to the growth of the Group; (iv) his/her length of engagement or employment with
      the Group; and (v) his/her educational and professional qualifications, and knowledge in the industry.


      In assessing the eligibility of the Related Entity Participants, the Board will consider all relevant factors as appropriate,
      including, among others (i) the positive impacts (including support, assistance, guidance, advice, efforts and/or contributions)
      brought by, or expected from, the Related Entity Participant on the Group’s business development in terms of an increase in
      revenue or profits, an addition of expertise to the Group and/or other aspects in support of the development and growth of
      the Group’s business; (ii) the actual degree of involvement in and/or cooperation with the Group and length of collaborative
      relationship the Related Entity Participant has established with the Group via its role and position held with the Related Entity; (iii)
      the number, scale and nature of the projects which promote the business, development and growth of the Group in which the
      Related Entity Participant is involved; (iv) whether the Related Entity Participant has referred or introduced opportunities to the
      Group which have materialised into further business relationships; (v) whether the Related Entity Participant has assisted the
      Group in tapping into new markets and/or increased its market share; and (vi) the materiality and nature of the business relation
      between the Related Entity of which the Related Entity Participant holds office or position on the one hand and the Group on the
      other hand, and the Related Entity Participant’s contribution in such Related Entity which may benefit the core business of the
      Group through a collaborative relationship.

(4)   Maximum entitlement of each participant
      The total number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all Options granted under the H Share Option Scheme and all
      share options and share awards under other schemes of the Company to each participant during any 12-month period up to and
      including the relevant date of grant (including both exercised and unexercised Options and share options as well as vested and
      unvested share awards, but excluding any Options, share options or share awards that have lapsed pursuant to the terms of the
      H Share Option Scheme or such Other Schemes) shall not exceed 1.0% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury
      shares) unless the proposed grant is separately approved by independent Shareholders at a general meeting of the Company.


      Notwithstanding the foregoing, each grant of Options to a Director, the chief executive or a substantial shareholder of the
      Company or any of their respective associates shall require the approval of the independent non-executive Directors (excluding
      any independent non-executive director who is a proposed grantee of such Options) and the total number of Shares issued
      and to be issued in respect of all Options granted under the H Share Option Scheme and all share options and share awards
      under other schemes of the Company to each participant during any 12-month period up to and including the relevant date of
      grant (including both exercised and unexercised Options and share options as well as vested and unvested share awards, but
      excluding any Options, share options or share awards that have lapsed pursuant to the terms of the H Share Option Scheme
      or such any other schemes of the Company) shall not exceed 0.1% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury
      shares) unless the proposed grant is separately approved by independent Shareholders at a general meeting of the Company.


(5)   Vesting period
      The vesting period in respect of any Options shall not be less than 12 months (or such other period as the Listing Rules may
      prescribe or permit from time to time). Options granted to Employee Participants may be subject to a shorter vesting period as
      determined by (i) the Remuneration Committee if such Employee Participant is a Director or a senior manager (as defined under
      Rule 17.01A of the Listing Rules) of the Company, or (ii) the Board if such Employee Participant is not a Director or a senior
      manager (as defined under Rule 17.01A of the Listing Rules) of the Company, under any of the following circumstances: (a) the
      grant of “compensatory” Options to new Employee Participants as replacement for share awards or share options forfeited
      when leaving their former employer; (b) the grant of Options to Employee Participants whose employment is terminated by
      reason of death, disability or any force majeure event; (c) the grant of Options subject to performance-based vesting conditions as
      determined by the Board, in lieu of the standard time-based vesting schedule; and (d) the grant of Options in multiple tranches
      within a year for administrative and compliance-related reasons.
24   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     (6)   Exercise period
           In respect of any Option, the Board will determine and notify the grantee of the period during which the Option may be exercised,
           which period shall expire in any event not later than the last day of the 10-year period after the date of grant and, for the
           avoidance of doubt, the Board may also, if it decides to fix different time periods for Options in respect of different grantees, set
           conditions and/or restrictions on the exercise of such Option during the period when an Option may be exercised.


     (7)   Exercise price of an Option and the basis of determining the exercise price of an Option
           The exercise price of an Option shall be specified in the grant presented to each grantee in writing.


            The exercise price (to be adjusted in accordance with the terms of the H Share Option Scheme) shall be determined by the
            Board and notified to the grantees, and shall not be less than the highest of the following:


            (a)    the closing price of the H Shares as shown in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange on the date of grant;


            (b)    the average of the closing prices of the H Shares as shown in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five
                   business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and


            (c)    the nominal value of the H Shares.

     (8)   Performance targets and clawback mechanism
           Unless otherwise determined by the Board or specified in the grant, there is generally no performance target that needs to be
           achieved before the exercise of an Option granted to a Grantee, provided that:


            (a)    In respect of any participant who is a Director or senior manager (as defined under Rule 17.01A of the Listing Rules) of the
                   Company, the Remuneration Committee may, or in respect of any other participant, the Board may, establish performance
                   targets against the attainment of which the Options (as the case may be) granted to the participants concerned. The
                   Directors (or, as the case may be, the Remuneration Committee) shall have the authority, after the grant of any Option (as
                   the case may be) which is performance linked, to make fair and reasonable adjustments to the prescribed performance
                   targets during the vesting period if there is a change in circumstances, provided that any such adjustments shall be less
                   stringent than the original performance targets and are considered fair and reasonable by the Directors (or, as the case
                   may be, the Remuneration Committee).


            (b)    Proposed performance targets include business, financial, operations and creation of capital value for the Group’s
                   business segments (such as increase in revenue and net profit) as well as that for the participants based on individual
                   performance indicators relevant to their roles and responsibilities. The Directors (or, as the case may be, the
                   Remuneration Committee) will conduct assessment at the end of a performance period by comparing the performance
                   of the business segments and the individual performance of the participants with the pre-agreed targets to determine
                   whether the targets and the extents to which the targets have been met.


            The Board may at its discretion specify any conditions (including performance targets (if any)) which must be satisfied before the
            Options may be exercised.


            In circumstances where it, in the absolute opinion of the Board, may be regarded as inequitable for any Options to be vested
            or retained and/or (in case such Option has been exercised) the underlying H Shares issued and allotted upon exercise of
            such Option to be held (as the case may be) by any grantee, including but not limited to where there has been a material
            misstatement or omission in the financial reports of the Group or if the relevant grantee has committed any fraud or serious
            misconduct, such Option if any, and (in case such Option has been exercised) the underlying H Shares issued and allotted upon
            exercise of such Option if any, shall be subject to clawback. For the avoidance of doubt, any Options, (in case such Option has
            been exercised) the underlying H Shares issued and allotted upon exercise of such Options may be subject to clawback pursuant
            to the Company’s policy on clawback, as amended from time to time.
                                                                                                                  2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                            25

                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




(9)   Term of the H Share Option Scheme
      The H Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for the period commencing from the date of adoption (i.e. January 6,
      2026) and expiring on the day falling one day immediately before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date of adoption (both dates
      inclusive), which may be terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of the H Share Option Scheme. The remaining life
      of the H Share Option Scheme is 9 years and 3 months.


      The H Share Option Scheme may be terminated at any time by the Board at its absolute discretion without Shareholders’
      approval, provided that the Board will only exercise such discretion under specific circumstances where the Board determines
      appropriate, such as, but not limited to where the Board is of the view that the H Share Option Scheme can no longer serve its
      designated purposes or when a new share award scheme is proposed to be adopted to replace the H Share Option Scheme.
      After the expiry or termination of the H Share Option Scheme, no further Options shall be offered or granted under the H Share
      Option Scheme, but in all other respects the provisions of the H Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect to
      the extent necessary to give effect to the vesting and exercise of any Options granted under the H Share Option Scheme prior
      thereto or otherwise as may be required in accordance with the provisions of the H Share Option Scheme, and Options granted
      prior to such expiry or termination shall continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance with the H Share Option Scheme and
      their terms of grant.


H Share Award Scheme
(1)   Purposes
      The purposes of the H Share Award Scheme are to (i) promote the achievement of long-term sustainable development and
      performance goals of the Company; (2) closely align the interests of the Employee Participants with those of Shareholders,
      investors and the Company to enhance the cohesion of the Company and to facilitate the maximization of the value of the
      Company; and (3) improve the Company’s incentive mechanism to attract, motivate and retain Employee Participants who have
      made contributions to the sustainable operation, business development and long-term growth of the Company.


(2)   Scheme limit
      The total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all award shares (“Awards”) that may be granted under the H
      Share Award Scheme and all share options and share awards that may be granted under any other schemes of the Company
      would be no more than 42,075,920 Shares (the “H Share Award Scheme Limit”), representing no more than 10% of the total
      number of Shares in issue (excluding any treasury shares) as at the adoption date (i.e. January 6, 2026).


      As at the date of this report, the total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all Awards that may be granted under
      the H Share Award Scheme was 42,075,920 Shares, representing 9.68% of the issued share (excluding treasury shares) of the
      Company.


(3)   Participants
      Eligible participants of the H Share Award Scheme include any Employee Participants. For avoidance of doubt, the eligible
      participants of the H Share Award Scheme shall exclude independent non-executive Director(s).


      The basis of determining eligibility of the Eligible Participants to the grant of any Awards shall be determined by the Board and/
      or the authorised person in their absolute discretion from time to time on the basis of the amount of contribution the eligible
      participant has made or is likely to make towards the success of the Group and all relevant factors as aforementioned and as
      appropriate, including, among others: (i) his/her skills, knowledge, experience, expertise and other relevant personal qualities;
      (ii) his/her performance, time commitment, responsibilities or employment conditions and the prevailing market practice and
      industry standard; (iii) his/ her contribution made or expected to be made to the growth of the Group; and (iv) his/her educational
      and professional qualifications, and knowledge in the industry.
26   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




            A person shall not be considered as an eligible participant of the H Share Award Scheme if, as at the date of grant: (i) he/she has
            been publicly censured or declared inappropriate by any securities regulatory authority in the past 12 months; (ii) he/she has
            been imposed an administrative punishment by any securities regulatory authority or administrative authority, or prosecuted for
            criminal liabilities by any judicial authority in the past 12 months due to any serious violation of laws and regulations; (iii) he/she
            is prohibited from participating in the H Share Award Scheme as stipulated by laws and regulations; (iv) he/she has committed
            any other act that seriously violates the relevant provisions of the Group or causes significant damage to the interests of the
            Group as determined by the Board; or (v) has any other circumstance as determined by the Board for safeguarding the interests
            of the Group and ensuring compliance with the applicable laws and regulations relating to the operation of the H Share Award
            Scheme.

     (4)   Maximum entitlement of each participant
           The total number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all Awards granted under the H Share Award Scheme and all
           share options and share awards under other schemes of the Company to each participant during any 12-month period up to
           and including the relevant date of grant shall not exceed 1.0% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares)
           unless the proposed grant is separately approved by independent Shareholders at a general meeting of the Company.

            Notwithstanding the foregoing, each grant of Awards to a Director (other than an independent non-executive Director), the chief
            executive or a substantial shareholder of the Company or any of their respective associates shall require the approval of the
            independent non-executive Directors and the total number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all Awards granted
            under the H Share Award Scheme and all share options and share awards under other schemes of the Company to each
            participant during any 12-month period up to and including the relevant date of grant shall not exceed 0.1% of the total number
            of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares) unless the proposed grant is separately approved by independent Shareholders at
            a general meeting of the Company.

     (5)   Source of Shares for Awards under the H Share Award Scheme
           The source of the Shares under the H Share Award Scheme shall be:

            (a)    H Shares acquired by the trustee through on-market or off-market transactions at the prevailing market price by utilizing
                   the scheme funds in accordance with the instructions of the Company and the relevant requirements under the H Share
                   Award Scheme. The Board and/or the authorised persons may, in accordance with the H Share Award Scheme, give
                   instructions to the trustee in relation to the acquisition of H Shares and specify any conditions or terms, including but not
                   limited to the specified price or price range for the acquisition, the maximum amount of funds for the acquisition and/or
                   the maximum number of H Shares to be acquired; and

            (b)    the new H Shares allotted and issued by the Company (for the avoidance of doubt, including transfer of treasury shares),
                   which shall rank pari passu in all respects with the fully paid Shares in issue on the date of allotment.

     (6)   Vesting period
           Subject to all applicable laws, rules or regulations, the Board and/or the authorised persons may determine the vesting criteria
           and conditions and the vesting periods for the Awards to be granted to each grantee pursuant to the H Share Award Scheme.
           Save for any other resolution of the Board, the vesting period in respect of any Awards granted shall be no less than 12 months
           from (and including) the date of grant.

            Awards may be subject to a shorter vesting period as determined by (i) the Remuneration Committee under any of the following
            circumstances:

            (a)    grants of “make-whole” Awards to a new eligible participant to replace the share awards or share options that such
                   eligible participant of the H Share Award Scheme forfeited when leaving his/her previous employer;

            (b)    the time for granting Awards may be delayed due to administrative or compliance requirements, which typically
                   necessitate granting awards in batches within a year. In such cases, the vesting period may be adjusted to take into
                   account the time when the Awards would have been granted if not for such administrative or compliance requirements;
                                                                                                                  2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                            27

                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




      (c)   grants of Awards with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule such as where the Awards may vest evenly over a period
            of 12 months or release in batches with the first batch vesting within 12 months after the Grant Date, and the final batch
            vesting after 12 months following the Grant Date;


      (d)   grants of Awards with performance-based vesting conditions as determined by the Board, in lieu of time-based vesting
            criteria; and


      (e)   grants of Awards with a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months.


(7)   Purchase price of an Award
      The Board and/or the authorised person may in its absolute discretion determine whether to require the grantees to pay any
      purchase price for obtaining the Awards and, if so required, determine the amount of the purchase price after taking into
      account the practices of comparable companies and the effectiveness of the Scheme in attracting talents and motivating the
      Grantees to contribute to the long-term development of the Group. For the avoidance of doubt the Board and/or the authorised
      person may determine the purchase price to be at nil consideration.

(8)   Performance targets and clawback mechanism
      Vesting of the Awards shall be subject to the performance targets, if any, to be satisfied by the grantees as determined by the
      Remuneration Committee from time to time. The Remuneration Committee shall have the authority, after the grant of any
      Award which is performance-linked, to make fair and reasonable adjustments to the prescribed performance targets during the
      vesting period if there is a change in circumstances, provided that any such adjustments shall be less stringent than the original
      performance targets and considered fair and reasonable by the Remuneration Committee.


      The performance targets may include (i) the annual results and performance of the Group or members of the Group; (ii) the
      achievement of milestones of important projects of the Group; (iii) the key performance indicators of the eligible participant’s
      department and/or business unit; and (iv) the position held by the eligible participants and the results of their annual appraisal,
      etc., which may vary among the grantees. The Remuneration Committee will conduct assessment from time to time by
      comparing the performance with the pre-set targets to determine whether such targets and the extents to which have been
      met. If, after the assessment, the Remuneration Committee determines that any prescribed performance targets have not been
      met, the unvested Awarded Shares shall lapse automatically.


      The H Share Award Scheme will also give the Board discretion (but not obligation) to impose that any Awarded Share shall be
      subject to a clawback under certain circumstances. Upon occurrence of such circumstances, the Board may (but is not obliged
      to) claw back such number of Shares granted (to the extent not already vested) as the Board may consider appropriate.


(9)   Term of the H Share Award Scheme
      The H Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten (10) years commencing on the date of adoption (i.e.
      January 6, 2026), after which no additional Awards shall be granted, provided that the H Share Award Scheme will remain in full
      force in all other respects, if there are any Shares that are granted but unvested by the end of the H Share Award Scheme term,
      the H Share Award Scheme will be extended until such Shares have vested. The remaining life of the H Share Award Scheme is
      9 years and 3 months.


Details of Grants under the H Share Option Scheme and H Share Award Scheme
During the Reporting Period and as of the date of this report, no options or awards had been granted under the H Share Option
Scheme or the H Share Award Scheme.
28   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Save as otherwise disclosed in this report, during the Reporting Period, the Company has not entered into any equity-linked
     agreement.


     CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
     Changes in the information of the Directors since the date of the latest published annual report of the Company are as follows:


     Change in Directors
     With effect from June 12, 2026, Mr. Bi Lei ceased to serve as a non-executive Director and Mr. Zhang Jianping (“Mr. Zhang”) has been
     appointed as a non-executive Director.


     Mr. Zhang has been with NavInfo Co., Ltd. since July 2004, holding senior management positions for an extended period. He currently
     serves as deputy general manager and general manager of the Southern Region of NavInfo Co., Ltd., general manager of Beijing
     Century Gaotong Technology Co., Ltd. ( 北京世紀高通科技股份有限公司 ), and general manager of Beijing Zhongjiaoyuke Technology
     Co., Ltd. ( 北 京 中 交 宇 科 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司 ). Mr. Zhang also holds several important industry positions, including member of the
     Surveying and Mapping Subcommittee of the National Technical Committee on Geographic Information of the Standardization
     Administration of China ( 中 國 國 家 標 準 委 員 會 地 理 資 訊 標 準 化 委 員 會 測 繪 分 技 術 委 員 會 ), chairman of the High-Definition Map
     Working Committee of the China Geographic Information Industry Association ( 中 國 地 理 資 訊 產 業 協 會 高 精 地 圖 工 委 會 ), vice
     chairman of the Global Geographic Information Working Committee of the China Geographic Information Industry Association ( 中國
     地理資訊產業協會全球地理資訊工委會 ), vice chairman of the Digital Twin Subcommittee of the China Institute of Communications
     ( 中國通信學會數位孿生分委會 ), and member of the Automotive Intelligent Shared Mobility Working Committee of the China Society
     of Automotive Engineers ( 中國汽車工程學會汽車智慧共用出行工委會 ). He possesses extensive experience and influence in industry
     standard-setting, technological direction leadership, and industrial resource integration.


     Mr. Zhang studied at Wuhan University from September 2000 to June 2004, obtaining a bachelor’s degree in Cartography and
     Geographic Information Systems. From September 2008 to June 2010, he obtained a Master of Engineering degree in Surveying and
     Mapping Engineering from Wuhan University. From September 2023 to June 2025, he completed the EMBA program at the Guanghua
     School of Management, Peking University. From September 2025 to present, he has been studying for an Executive Engineering
     Doctorate at the State Key Laboratory of Information Engineering in Surveying, Mapping and Remote Sensing, Wuhan University.


     With effect from June 12, 2026, Dr. Xiang Yang ceased to serve as an independent non-executive Director, a member of the Audit
     Committee, a member of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the chairman of the Nomination Committee and Ms. Su Jia
     Alice (“Ms. Su”) has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director, a member of the Audit Committee, a member of the
     Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the chairman of the Nomination Committee.


     Ms. Su has approximately 20 years of experience in investment banking, private equity, management consulting and corporate
     finance. From August 2003 to July 2005, she worked as a corporate consultant at Bain. From July 2005 to May 2007, she worked as
     an investment analyst at the International Finance Corporation of the World Bank Group. From August 2009 to November 2016, she
     held various positions at Merrill Lynch (Asia Pacific) Limited, lastly serving as a responsible officer for Type 1, 4, 6 regulated activities
     under Hong Kong SFC and a director in the Global Investment Banking Division. From November 2016 to July 2017, she served as
     deputy general manager of Investor Relations and the Board Office at Lufax Holding Ltd (stock code: 6623), a company listed on the
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange. From November 2017 to August 2019, she served as a director in the Investment Banking Division at
     China Renaissance Holdings Limited (stock code: 1911), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. From December 2020 to
     January 2024, she served as chief financial officer at Jiangsu Huoshixing Technology Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇火星石科技有限公司 ) (formerly
     known as Jiangsu Niuchuang New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇牛創新能源科技有限公司 )). Since December 2024, she has been
     serving as chief financial officer at PPLabs Technology Limited. Since February 2026, she has been serving as an independent non-
     executive director of Beijing Galbot AI Co., Ltd. ( 北京銀河通用機器人股份有限公司 ).
                                                                                                                 2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                           29

                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




Ms. Su obtained a Bachelor of Science in Economics (double major in Accounting and Finance) from the Wharton School of the
University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the School of Engineering and Applied Science,
University of Pennsylvania in 2003. She obtained a Master of Business Administration with a concentration in Finance from the
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 2009. Ms. Su is also a member of EtaKappaNu, the IEEE Honor Society.


Change in Supervisory Committee of the Company
With Effect from June 12, 2026, the supervisory committee of the Company was abolished upon the approval from the Shareholders at
the annual general meeting of the Company.


Save as disclosed above, there was no change in the information of the Directors and chief executive of the Company since the latest
published annual report and up to the date of this interim report which was required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
Listing Rules.


REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS AND INTERIM REPORT
The Audit Committee currently comprises our independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Tan Kaiguo, Dr. Tan Mingkui and Ms.
Su Jia Alice, and Mr. Tan Kaiguo is the chairman of the Audit Committee.


The condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2026 (the “Interim Financial
Information”) has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, “Interim Financial Reporting” by the
Company. The Interim Financial Information is unaudited but has been reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Company. The Audit
Committee has reviewed the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Group for the Reporting Period
and is of the view that such financial information has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards, rules and
regulations and appropriate disclosures have been duly made.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Placing of new H Shares under General Mandate
As disclosed in the announcement made by the Company on July 22, 2026 (after trading hours), the Company and CLSA Limited (the
“Placing Agent”) entered into a placing agreement (the “July 2026 Placing”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to appoint the
Placing Agent, and the Placing Agent agreed to act as the agent of the Company, to procure not less than six (6) placees, who shall be
institutional, corporate professional and other investors, and who and whose ultimate beneficial owners shall be the independent third
parties, on a best effort basis, to subscribe for up to 20,132,400 new H Shares (“Placing Shares”) (representing approximately 4.63%
of the number of Shares in issue (i.e. 434,884,608 Shares, excluding the Treasury Shares) as enlarged by the allotment and issuance
of the placing shares in the July 2026 Placing) at the placing price of HK$6.23 per Placing Share. The aggregate nominal value of the
placing shares is RMB20,132,400. The placing price of HK$6.23 per Placing Share represents a discount of approximately 15.0% to the
closing price of HK$7.33 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on July 22, 2026 (being the date on which the placing price was
fixed). The July 2026 Placing was conducted under the general mandate granted to the Board at the annual general meeting of the
Company held on June 12, 2026.


On July 28, 2026, the July 2026 Placing was completed. A total of 20,132,400 new H Shares have been successfully placed by the
Placing Agent to no less than six (6) placees at the placing price of HK$6.23 per Placing Share in the July 2026 Placing. To the best of
the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, each of the placees and its ultimate beneficial
owners are institutional, corporate professional and other investors who are Independent Third Parties, and none of the placees has
become a substantial shareholder of the Company immediately after the completion of the July 2026 Placing. The total gross proceeds
from the July 2026 Placing are approximately HK$125.42 million, and the net proceeds from the July 2026 Placing, after deducting the
commission and other related expenses and professional fees, amounted to approximately HK$122.25 million (the “July 2026 Placing
Proceeds”). The net price of the Placing Shares was approximately HK$6.07 per share.
30   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     As of the date of this report, the Company had not utilized the net proceeds from the July 2026 Placing. For the reasons of and the
     intended uses of net proceeds from the July 2026 Placing, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated July 22, 2026 and
     July 28, 2026 for further details. The Company intends to utilize the net proceeds from the July 2026 Placing for such intended uses
     in the coming two years. As of the date of this report, there had not been any change in the intended use of the net proceeds from the
     July 2026 Placing and the expected implementation timeline as previously disclosed in the aforesaid announcement, and we did not
     anticipate any material change to our plan on such intended use of the net proceeds from the July 2026 Placing.


     Deemed Disposal of Equity Interest in a subsidiary and Grant of Repurchase Right
     On August 28, 2026, the Company, Shenzhen Yaoxing Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 深圳曜行投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 ))
     (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) (“Shenzhen Yaoxing Investment”), Hangzhou Yaoxing Innovation Power Technology Co.,
     Ltd. ( 杭州曜行創新動力科技有限公司 ) (“Yaoxing Power”), Quanzhou Haisi No.1 New Energy Industry Investment Partnership (Limited
     Partnership) ( 泉 州 海 絲 壹 號 新 能 源 產 業 投 資 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Dongfeng Quanzhou Fund”), CICC Porsche (Shanghai) Venture
     Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 中 金 保 時 捷 ( 上 海 ) 創 業 投 資 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“CICC Porsche Fund”), Hangzhou
     Yuanjing Xinchuang Small and Medium Sized Entrepreneurship Investment Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) ( 杭州元璟新
     創中小創業投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 ))(“Yuanjing Capital”), Longyan Xingjing Fuying Venture Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership)
     ( 龍 岩 新 景 富 盈 創 業 投 資 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Xingjing Fuying”), Suzhou Poly Pengfei Phase II Venture Capital Partnership
     Enterprise (Limited Partnership) ( 蘇 州 聚 合 鵬 飛 二 期 創 業 投 資 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Juhe Capital”), Foshan Leading Equity
     Investment Fund Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) ( 佛山市領航股權投資基金合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) (“Foshan Leading”)
     and Nanjing Horizon Information Technology Co., Ltd. ( 南京地平線信息技術有限公司 ) (“Horizon”) (Dongfeng Quanzhou Fund, CICC
     Porsche Fund, Yuanjing Capital, Xingjing Fuying, Juhe Capital, Foshan Leading and Horizon, collectively “Investors”) entered into a
     capital increase agreement, pursuant to which, among others, the Investors agreed to make capital contributions in the aggregate
     amount of RMB240,000,000 into Yaoxing Power by way of cash contribution in return for approximately 13.79% equity interest in
     aggregate in the enlarged registered capital of Yaoxing Power (“Capital Increase”).


     In connection with the Capital Increase, the Company, Shenzhen Yaoxing Investment, Yaoxing Power, neueHCT (Ningbo) Co., Ltd. ( 智
     駕新程 ( 寧波 ) 智能科技有限公司 ), Matrix Kairos Limited and the Investors entered into a shareholders’ agreement on August 28, 2026
     (“Shareholders’ Agreement”), which shall be effective on the completion of the Capital Increase, to govern, among other matters,
     the affairs, business and management of Yaoxing Power, and the relationship, the rights and obligations among the shareholders of
     Yaoxing Power. Pursuant to the Shareholders’ Agreement, the Investors are granted certain standard minority shareholder rights with
     respect to Yaoxing Power, including, among others, pre-emptive right, right of first refusal, right of co-sale, and repurchase right.


     Upon the completion of the Capital Increase, the Company’s indirect interest in Yaoxing Power will be diluted from approximately
     70.0% to approximately 60.34%. As such, the Capital Increase will constitute a deemed disposal of the Company under Rule 14.29 of
     the Listing Rules.


     Save as disclosed above, we are not aware of any material subsequent events since the end of the Reporting Period up to the date of
     this report.
                                                                                                             2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                      31

                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




CHANGE OF CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENT
During the Reporting Period, our Company proposed to make certain amendments to the Company’s Articles of Association as
previously disclosed in the circular of the Company dated May 21, 2026, and set out below:


Abolition of the Supervisory Committee
Pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Company Law, the Arrangements on the Transitional Period for the Implementation of
Supporting Systems and Rules under the New Company Law (《關於新配套制度規則實施相關過渡期安排》), the Guidelines for the
Articles of Association of Listed Companies (《上 市 公 司 章 程 指 引》) and other laws and regulations, and in light of the Company’s
actual conditions, the Company has decided not to maintain a supervisory committee, and the Audit Committee under the Board
shall exercise the powers and functions of the supervisory committee as stipulated in the Company Law. The systems related to the
supervisory committee of the Company, such as the Working Rules for the supervisory committee, shall be repealed simultaneously,
and relevant clauses regarding the supervisory committee in related rules and regulations and the Articles of Association of the
Company shall be amended accordingly.


Completion of the December 2025 Placing
Reference is made to the announcements of the Company dated November 26, 2025 and December 2, 2025 in relation to the
December 2025 Placing. Following the completion of the December 2025 Placing, the registered capital of the Company was changed
to RMB420,759,200, and the number of shares was changed to 420,759,200 shares. Therefore, the Board has proposed to make certain
amendments to the Articles of Association to reflect such changes in the share capital structure of the Company, and, in accordance
with the Company Law and the relevant rules of the Stock Exchange, to amend the clauses relating to external guarantees in the
Articles of Association and to amend the External Guarantee Management System accordingly.


At the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 12, 2026, special resolution was passed by the shareholders of the
Company to approve the above proposed amendments. Details of the amendments to the Company’s Articles of Association are set
out in the Company’s circular and announcement dated May 21, 2026 and June 12, 2026, respectively.


The amended and restated Articles of Association of the Company are available on the websites of both the Stock Exchange and the
Company.
32   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     COMPREHENSIVE LOSS



                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                   Note         2026                  2025
                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                          (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


       Revenue                                      5         449,953               345,719
       Cost of sales                                6        (369,424)             (293,968)


       Gross profit                                           80,529                 51,751


       Selling expenses                             6         (33,726)              (53,382)
       General and administrative expenses          6         (59,401)              (58,936)
       Research and development expenses            6        (126,501)              (95,110)
       Net impairment losses on financial assets              (12,412)               (9,936)
       Other income                                 7           5,623                 8,362
       Other (losses)/gains-net                     8          (8,323)               (5,138)
       Share of results of associates, net                       (296)                    –


       Operating loss                                        (154,507)             (162,389)


       Finance income                               9           1,981                 5,092
       Finance costs                                9          (7,376)               (4,990)


       Finance costs – net                                     (5,395)                 102


       Loss before income tax                                (159,902)             (162,287)
       Income tax expense                           10            (10)                    –


       Loss for the period                                   (159,912)             (162,287)


       Loss for the year/period attributable to:
         Owners of the Company                               (156,429)             (151,558)
         Non-controlling interests                             (3,483)              (10,729)


                                                             (159,912)             (162,287)
                                                                                                            2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                     33



                                   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS




                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          Note                    2026                  2025
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


  Other comprehensive income:
    Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
    Currency translation differences                                                               (201)                      13


  Total comprehensive loss for the period                                                      (160,113)                (162,274)


  Total comprehensive loss for the period attributable to:
    Owners of the Company                                                                      (156,618)                (151,548)
    Non-controlling interests                                                                    (3,495)                 (10,726)


                                                                                               (160,113)                (162,274)


  Loss per share attributable to the owners of the Company (in RMB)
  Basic and diluted loss per share                                          11                     (0.38)                  (0.38)


The above condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
34   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     BALANCE SHEET



                                                                                    As at          As at
                                                                                 30 June    31 December
                                                                                    2026            2025
                                                                      Note      RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)        (Audited)


       ASSETS
       Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                   12        161,868         131,134
       Right-of-use assets                                             13         94,744          85,387
       Goodwill                                                        14          3,734           3,734
       Other intangible assets                                         15         41,238          21,063
       Investment properties                                           16          4,166           4,287
       investments in associates                                       17          9,704          10,000
       Other non-current assets                                        18         26,496           9,524


                                                                                 341,950         265,129


       Current assets
       Inventories                                                     19        209,639         157,667
       Trade and notes receivables                                     20        704,055         648,823
       Other current assets                                            21        167,315          98,658
       Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
          income (FVOCI)                                               22         62,570          58,600
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)    23         90,308          91,307
       Restricted cash                                                 24          4,286           4,073
       Cash and cash equivalents                                       24        337,567         686,603


                                                                               1,575,740       1,745,731


       Total assets                                                            1,917,690       2,010,860


       EQUITY
       Equity attributable to owners of the Company
       Share capital                                                   25        423,098          420,759
       Reserves                                                        26      1,641,228        1,723,798
       Accumulated comprehensive losses                                       (1,180,240)      (1,023,811)


                                                                                 884,086       1,120,746


       Non-controlling interests                                                  (1,413)          2,082


       Total equity                                                              882,673       1,122,828
                                                                                                            2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                     35



                                          CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF BALANCE SHEET




                                                                                                   As at                  As at
                                                                                                30 June            31 December
                                                                                                   2026                    2025
                                                                           Note                RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)                (Audited)


  LIABILITIES
  Non-current liabilities
  Lease liabilities                                                         13                   23,457                  15,034
  Deferred income                                                           29                    3,350                   3,928
  Borrowings                                                                28                  113,412                  71,367
  Other liabilities                                                         30                   73,998                  73,998


                                                                                                214,217                 164,327


  Current liabilities
  Trade payables                                                            31                  381,551                 321,687
  Contract liabilities                                                                            3,714                   2,721
  Borrowings                                                                28                  358,262                 301,126
  Lease liabilities                                                         13                   15,345                  12,950
  Other payables and accruals                                               32                   61,928                  85,221


                                                                                                820,800                 723,705


  Total liabilities                                                                           1,035,017                 888,032


  Total equity and liabilities                                                                1,917,690                2,010,860


The above condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


The condensed consolidated financial statements on pages 32 to 64 were approved by the Board of Directors on 28 August 2026 and
were signed on its behalf.


Liu Guoqing                                                 Yang Guang
Director                                                    Director
36   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY



                                                              Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                         Non-
                                                          Share               Accumulated                          controlling       Total
                                                Note     capital     Reserves       losses              Total        interests      equity
                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


       As at 1 January 2026                              420,759     1,723,798     (1,023,811)        1,120,746         2,082     1,122,828


       Loss for the period                                     –             –       (156,429)        (156,429)        (3,483)    (159,912)
       Other comprehensive income for
         the year                                              –          (189)             –             (189)           (12)        (201)


       Total comprehensive loss                                –          (189)      (156,429)        (156,618)        (3,495)    (160,113)


       Issuance of ordinary shares                         2,339        17,661              –           20,000               –      20,000
       Repurchase of shares                                    –      (107,584)             –         (107,584)              –    (107,584)
       Share-based payment                       27            –         7,542              –            7,542               –       7,542


       As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)                    423,098     1,641,228     (1,180,240)         884,086         (1,413)     882,673


       As at 1 January 2025                              399,190      1,359,274      (623,662)        1,134,802         8,323     1,143,125


       Loss for the period                                     –             –       (151,558)         (151,558)       (10,729)    (162,287)
       Other comprehensive income for
         the year                                              –            10              –                10              3           13


       Total comprehensive loss                                –            10       (151,558)         (151,548)       (10,726)    (162,274)


       Issuance of ordinary shares upon
         global offering                                     756        10,898              –            11,654              –       11,654
       Capital injection by a non-controlling
         shareholder                                           –             –              –                 –             2             2
       Share-based payment                       27            –        19,737              –            19,737             –        19,737
       Acquisition of a subsidiary                             –             –              –                 –         2,422         2,422


       As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)                    399,946      1,389,919      (775,220)        1,014,645            21     1,014,666


     The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                            2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                     37

                             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                      CASH FLOWS



                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            Note                   2026                  2025
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


  Cash flows from operating activities
  Cash used in operations                                                                       (251,356)               (163,266)
  Interest received                                                                                1,981                   3,951
  Income taxes paid                                                                                  (10)                      –


  Net cash used in operating activities                                                         (249,385)               (159,315)


  Cash flows from investing activities
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                      (57,900)                (22,372)
  Purchase of land use rights                                                                       (123)                      –
  Purchase of other intangible assets                                                            (14,400)                 (1,581)
  Proceeds from acquisition of subsidiaries                                                            –                     173
  Proceeds from disposal of a subsidiary                                                               –                      99
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                            636                     777
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit
    or loss                                                                 3.2(c)               479,797                 379,800
  Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         3.2(c)              (481,010)               (435,650)
  Purchase of time deposits                                                                            –                 (63,840)


  Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                         (73,000)               (142,594)


  Cash flows from financing activities
  Proceeds from issuance of H shares upon global offering                                              –                  11,654
  Capital injection by non-controlling interests                                                       –                       2
  Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                                  299,810                 225,000
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                                                  (199,373)               (127,354)
  Payment on repurchase of shares                                                               (107,584)                      –
  Interest paid for borrowings                                                                    (6,756)                 (4,568)
  Payment of listing expense                                                                           –                 (16,654)
  Principal elements and interest elements of lease payments                                      (8,224)                 (8,833)


  Net cash generated from financing activities                                                   (22,127)                79,247


  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                          (344,512)               (222,662)


  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                       686,603                793,943
  Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                           (4,524)                (5,010)


  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                         24                  337,567                566,271


The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
38   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     1.     General information
            Minieye Technology Co., Ltd (“Minieye”, or the “Company”) was incorporated in Shenzhen on 10 December 2014 as a limited
            liability company. The address of the Company’s registered office is 25th Floor, Tower A, Building 1, Zhongzhou Binhai
            Commercial Center, No. 9285 Binhe Avenue, Shangsha Community, Sha Tau Street, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong
            Province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

            Upon approval by the shareholders’ general meeting held in April 2023, the Company was converted into a joint stock company
            with limited liability under the Company Law of the PRC and changed its registered name from “Minieye Technology Co., Ltd. ( 深
            圳佑駕創新科技有限公司 )” to “Minieye Technology Co., Ltd ( 深圳佑駕創新科技股份有限公司 )” on 7 June 2023.

            The Company and its subsidiaries (together, “the Group”) are principally engaged in the development, manufacture and sales of
            intelligent driving products and solutions in the PRC.

            On 27 December 2024, the Company has been successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
            Limited.

            This interim condensed consolidated financial information has not been audited and are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless
            otherwise stated.

            These condensed consolidated financial statements were approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 28 August 2026.

     2.     Basis of preparation and changes in accounting policies
            2.1 Basis of preparation
                   This interim condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2026 has been
                   prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 34, “Interim financial reporting”. The condensed
                   consolidated interim financial information does not include all the notes of the type normally included in an annual
                   financial report. Accordingly, the condensed consolidated interim financial information should be read in conjunction with
                   the Group’s annual audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025, which have been
                   prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards (“IFRSs”).

            2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
                   The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year and corresponding interim
                   reporting period, except for the adoption of new and amended standards as set out below.

                  (a) New and amended standards adopted by the Group
                          A number of new or amended standards and interpretation became applicable for the current reporting period. The
                          adoption of these new standards and amendments did not have material impact on the Group’s financial position or
                          operating result and did not require retrospective adjustment.

                                                                                                                             Effective for
                                                                                                                       accounting periods
                             Standards and amendments                                                                beginning on or after


                             Amendments to IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 – Amendments to the Classification and                         1 January 2026
                               Measurement of Financial Instruments

                             Amendments to IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 – Contracts referencing nature-dependent                       1 January 2026
                               electricity

                             Annual improvements to IFRSs – Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting                          1 January 2026
                               Standards – Volume 11

                          The application of these amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards has had no material impact to the Group’s
                          financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out in these
                          condensed consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                           2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                     39



                      NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   Basis of preparation and changes in accounting policies (continued)
     2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (continued)
         (b) New and amended standards not yet adopted
             The following new or amended accounting standards have been issued but are not effective for the financial year
             beginning on 1 January 2026 and have not been early adopted by the Group:


                                                                                                                  Effective for
                                                                                                            accounting periods
                 Standards and amendments                                                                 beginning on or after


                 IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements                                   1 January 2027

                 IFRS 19 and its amendments – Subsidiaries without Public Accountability:                        1 January 2027
                   Disclosures

                 Amendments to IAS 21 – Translation to hyperinflationary presentation currency                   1 January 2027

                 Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 – Sale or contribution of Assets between an                 To be determined
                   Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture

             The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new and amended standards and has
             concluded on a preliminary basis that adoption of these new and amended standards, except for IFRS 18, is not
             expected to have a significant impact on the financial performance and positions of the Group when they become
             effective.

             IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 Presentation of financial statements, introducing new requirements that will help to
             achieve comparability of the financial performance of similar entities and provide more relevant information
             and transparency to users. Even though IFRS 18 will not impact the recognition or measurement of items in the
             financial statements, its impacts on presentation and disclosure are expected to be pervasive, in particular those
             related to the statement of financial performance and providing management-defined performance measures
             within the financial statements.

             Management is currently assessing the detailed implications of applying the new standard on the Group’s
             consolidated financial statements. From the high-level preliminary assessment performed, the following potential
             impacts have been identified:

             Although the adoption of IFRS 18 will have no impact on the Group’s net profit, the Group expects that grouping
             items of income and expenses in the statement of profit or loss into the new categories will impact how operating
             profit is calculated and reported.

             The line items presented on the primary financial statements might change as a result of the application of the
             concept of ‘useful structured summary’ and the enhanced principles on aggregation and disaggregation.

             The Group does not expect there to be a significant change in the information that is currently disclosed in the
             notes because the requirement to disclose material information remains unchanged; however, the way in which the
             information is grouped might change as a result of the aggregation/disaggregation principles. In addition, there will
             be significant new disclosures required for:

             •      management-defined performance measures;

             •      a break-down of the nature of expenses for line items presented by function in the operating category of the
                    statement of profit or loss – this break-down is only required for certain nature expenses; and

             •      for the first annual period of application of IFRS 18, a reconciliation for each line item in the statement of
                    profit or loss between the restated amounts presented by applying IFRS 18 and the amounts previously
                    presented applying IAS 1.
40   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     3.     Financial risk management
            3.1 Financial risk factors
                   The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, fair value
                   interest rate risk and cash flow interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

                   The interim condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all financial risk management information and
                   disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual
                   financial statements as at 31 December 2025.

                   There have been no significant changes in any risk management policies since the year ended 31 December 2025.

                  Liquidity risk
                   Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and cash equivalents. Due to the dynamic nature
                   of the underlying businesses, the policy of the Group is to regularly monitor the Group’s liquidity risk and to maintain
                   adequate cash and cash equivalents to meet the Group’s liquidity requirements

                  Maturities of financial liabilities
                   The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual
                   maturities.

                   The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal
                   their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                                      Less than           Between            Between
                                                                         1 year       1 and 2 years      2 and 5 years              Total
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000


                      As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)
                      Borrowings (including interest
                        payables)                                      367,987               98,452             16,142             482,581
                      Trade payables                                   381,551                    –                  –             381,551
                      Other payables and accruals (excluding
                        payroll and welfare payables,
                        VAT and other taxes payables and
                        warranty provision)                              15,341                   –                  –              15,341
                      Lease liabilities                                  16,424              13,018             11,231              40,673
                      Other liabilities                                       –                   –             73,998              73,998

                                                                       781,303             111,470             101,371             994,144

                                                                      Less than           Between            Between
                                                                         1 year       1 and 2 years      2 and 5 years              Total
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000


                      As at 31 December 2025 (Audited)
                      Borrowings (including interest payables)          307,469              60,327              12,314            380,110
                      Trade payables                                    321,687                   –                   –            321,687
                      Other payables and accruals (excluding
                        payroll and welfare payables, VAT and
                        other taxes payables and warranty
                        provision)                                       23,213                   –                   –             23,213
                      Lease liabilities                                  13,788               7,759               7,867             29,414
                      Other liabilities                                       –                   –              73,998             73,998

                                                                        666,157              68,086              94,179            828,422
                                                                                                            2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                      41



                      NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   Financial risk management (continued)
     3.2 Fair value estimation
         (a) Fair value hierarchy
             This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial
             instruments that are recognized and measured at fair value in the statements of balance sheets. To provide an
             indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group has classified its financial
             instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards.

             •      Level 1:     The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded
                                 derivatives, and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting
                                 period. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid
                                 price. These instruments are included in level 1.

             •      Level 2:     The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example,
                                 over-the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximize the
                                 use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all
                                 significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included
                                 in level 2.

             •      Level 3:     If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                                 included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities.


             The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value as at 30 June 2026 and 31
             December 2025:

                                                            Level 1              Level 2             Level 3              Total
                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000


                 As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)
                 Assets
                 Financial assets at FVOCI                         –                    –             62,570              62,570
                 Financial assets at FVPL                          –                    –             90,308              90,308


                                                                   –                    –            152,878             152,878


                                                              Level1              Level2              Level3              Total
                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000


                 As at 31 December 2025
                   (Audited)
                 Assets
                 Financial assets at FVOCI                          –                   –             58,600              58,600
                 Financial assets at FVPL                           –                   –             91,307              91,307


                                                                    –                   –            149,907             149,907


             The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers into and out of fair value hierarchy levels as at the end of each
             reporting period.
42   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     3.     Financial risk management (continued)
            3.2 Fair value estimation (continued)
                  (b) Valuation process and technique used to determine fair value
                          Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

                          •        Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments; and

                          •        Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair value for the remaining
                                   financial instruments.

                          There were no changes in valuation techniques during the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025.

                          The fair value of trade and notes receivables, other receivables, cash and cash equivalents, trade payables, other
                          payables and accruals (excluding salaries and welfare payables, VAT and other taxes payables and warranty
                          provision), current borrowings, and lease liabilities approximated their carrying amounts due to their short
                          maturities or interest bearing.

                  (c) Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)
                          The following table presents the changes in level 3 items for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025:

                                                                                                                            Financial assets
                                                                                                                                   at FVOCI
                                                                                                                                   RMB’000


                              As at 1 January 2026                                                                                   58,600
                              Acquisitions                                                                                          106,780
                              Disposals                                                                                            (102,810)

                              As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)                                                                          62,570


                              As at 1 January 2025                                                                                     29,105
                              Acquisitions                                                                                             68,935
                              Disposals                                                                                               (67,413)

                              As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)                                                                          30,627

                                                                                                                            Financial assets
                                                                                                                                    at FVPL
                                                                                                                                   RMB’000


                              As at 1 January 2026                                                                                   91,307
                              Acquisitions                                                                                          481,010
                              Disposals                                                                                            (479,797)
                              Fair value gains                                                                                       (2,212)

                              As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)                                                                          90,308


                              As at 1 January 2025                                                                                       800
                              Acquisitions                                                                                           380,000
                              Disposals                                                                                             (352,800)
                              Fair value gains                                                                                             6

                              As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)                                                                          28,006
                                                                                                             2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                            43



                     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   Financial risk management (continued)
     3.2 Fair value estimation (continued)

         (d) Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value
             The following table summarizes the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in
             recurring level 3 fair value measurements.

             As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)

                                                               Unobservable            Range of   Relationship of unobservable
               Description                        Fair value   inputs                    inputs   inputs to fair value
                                                   RMB’000


               Financial assets at FVPL –            36,889    Expected rate of     0.45%–2.05%   The higher the expected rate of return,
                  Structured deposits and                        return                             the higher the fair value
                  wealth management products


               Fund product                          53,419    Net assets value            N/A    increase/(decrease) in the net assets
                                                                                                     value


               Financial assets at FVOCI –           62,570    Discount rate        0.60%–1.02%   The higher the discount rate, the
                  Notes receivables                                                                 lower the fair value

             As at 31 December 2025 (Audited)

                                                               Unobservable            Range of   Relationship of unobservable
               Description                        Fair value   inputs                    inputs   inputs to fair value
                                                   RMB’000


               Financial assets at FVPL –            33,343    Expected rate of      1.0%–3.71%   The higher the expected rate of return,
                  Structured deposits and                        return                             the higher the fair value
                 wealth management products


               Fund product                          57,964    Net assets value            N/A    increase/(decrease) in the net assets
                                                                                                     value


               Financial assets at FVOCI –           58,600    Discount rate        0.55%–1.15%   The higher the discount rate, the
                  Notes receivables                                                                 lower the fair value

             There were no significant inter-relationships between unobservable inputs that materially affect fair values.

             As at 30 June 2026, if the expected rate of return had been 50 basis points higher/lower, the fair value of financial
             assets at FVPL would have been approximately RMB184,000 higher/lower (31 December 2025: RMB167,000 higher/
             lower).

             As at 30 June 2026, if the net assets value of unlisted funds had been 100 basis higher/lower, the fair value of fund
             products would have been approximately RMB53,000 higher/lower (31 December 2025: RMB58,000 higher/lower).

             As at 30 June 2026, if the discount rate had been 50 basis points higher/lower, the fair value of financial assets at
             FVOCI would have been approximately RMB308,000 lower/higher (31 December 2025: RMB230,000 lower/higher).
44   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     4.     Critical accounting estimates and judgements
            The preparation of interim financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that
            affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual
            results may differ from these estimates.

            In preparing these interim condensed consolidated financial statements, the significant judgements made by management in
            applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the same as those of the previous
            financial year and corresponding interim reporting period.


     5.     Revenue and segment information
            (a) Description of segments and principal activities
                   During the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, the Group is engaged in the development, manufacture and sales
                   of intelligent driving products and solutions. The executive directors of the Company review the operating results of the
                   business as one operating segment to make strategic decisions and resources allocation. Therefore, the Group regards
                   that there is only one business segment which is used to make strategic decisions.


                  Geographical information
                   Majority of the Group’s business and operations are conducted in Mainland China and currently, the Group’s principal
                   market, majority of revenue, operating loss and non-current assets are derived from/located in the PRC. Accordingly, no
                   geographical segment information is presented.


            (b) Revenue during the current period
                                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                            2026                  2025
                                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                      (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


                         Intelligent solutions                                                            389,432                 330,717
                         Driverless vehicles and operational services                                      52,642                  10,058
                         Others (i)                                                                         7,879                   4,944


                                                                                                          449,953                 345,719


                   All the Group’s revenue is recognized at a point in time.

                   (i)      Others mainly refer to revenue generated from sales of spare parts.
                                                                                                             2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                      45



                         NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6.   Expenses by nature
     The detailed analysis of cost of sales, selling expenses, general and administrative expenses and research and development
     expenses is as follow:

                                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2026                  2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


       Changes in inventories of finished goods and working in progress                           (39,340)                (4,775)
       Raw materials and consumables used                                                         340,621                261,441
       Employee benefit expenses                                                                  142,532                111,818
       Services fees                                                                               52,563                 53,248
       Office and travel expenses                                                                  18,055                 13,108
       Experimentation expenses                                                                    18,881                  2,764
       Depreciation and amortization (Notes 12, 15, 16)                                            13,140                  8,387
       Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                   9,188                  8,389
       Share-based payment                                                                          7,542                 19,737
       Testing expenses                                                                             4,262                    487
       Provision for impairment of inventories                                                      4,059                  2,247
       Processing expenses                                                                          2,221                  3,845
       Advertising and publicity expenses                                                           2,089                  5,379
       Outsourced installation expenses                                                               808                  1,225
       Legal and professional fees                                                                    523                  1,021
       Audit’s remuneration                                                                         1,100                  1,100
       Others                                                                                      10,808                 11,975


                                                                                                  589,052                501,396


7.   Other income
                                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2026                  2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


       Government grants                                                                              571                   4,729
       Value added tax (“VAT”) refund                                                               5,052                   3,633


                                                                                                    5,623                   8,362


     During the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, the government grants mainly include financial subsidies from local
     government authorities with certain specified conditions, as well as the amortization of deferred government grants. There are
     no unfulfilled conditions or other contingencies attaching to the grants recognized.
46   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     8.     Other (losses)/gains – net
                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2026                  2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


              Net fair value (losses)/gains on financial assets at FVPL                                    (2,212)                  3,545
              Net foreign exchange losses                                                                  (6,317)                 (6,300)
              Net gains on disposals of property, plant and equipment,
                other intangible assets and right-of-use assets                                                 2                      15
              Others                                                                                          204                  (2,376)
              Overdue fine                                                                                      –                     (22)


                                                                                                           (8,323)                 (5,138)


     9.     Finance costs – net
                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2026                  2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


              Finance income
              Interest income from bank deposits                                                            1,981                   5,092


              Finance costs
              Interest expenses on bank borrowings                                                         (6,756)                 (4,568)
              Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                         (620)                   (422)


              Total finance costs                                                                          (7,376)                 (4,990)


              Finance costs – net                                                                          (5,395)                   102


     10. Income tax expense
                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2026                  2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


              Current income tax expense                                                                      (10)                      –
              Deferred income tax expense                                                                       –                       –


                                                                                                              (10)                      –


            Taxes on profits assessable have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the jurisdictions in which relevant entities
            operate.
                                                                                                             2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                      47



                       NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




10. Income tax expense (continued)
   (i)   PRC corporate income tax (“PRC CIT”)
         The Company and its subsidiaries in the PRC are subject to PRC CIT which is calculated based on the applicable tax rate
         of 25% on the assessable profits of the subsidiaries in accordance with PRC tax laws and regulations for the six months
         ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, except for disclosed below.

         The Company obtained its High and New Technology Enterprises (“HNTE”) status in year 2017 and hence is entitled
         to a preferential tax rate of 15% for a three-year period commencing 2017. In 2020 and 2023, the Company succeeded
         the qualification for HNTE and is therefore subject to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for a three-year period
         commencing 2020 and 2023. In addition, the Group’s subsidiary, Nanjing Youjia Technology Co., Ltd. ( 南京佑駕科技有限
         公司 ) was qualified as HNTE in year 2020 and succeeded the qualification for HNTE in 2023.

         According to a policy promulgated by the State Tax Bureau of the PRC and effective from 2018 onwards, enterprises
         engaged in R&D activities are entitled to claim an additional tax deduction amounting to 75% of the qualified R&D
         expenses incurred in determining its tax assessable profits for that year (“Super Deduction”). Starting from March 2021,
         the additional deduction ratio increased to 100% for manufacturing industry. Starting from 1 October 2022, the additional
         deduction ratio was increased to 100% for other industries.

         During the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, certain subsidiaries in mainland China qualified as “small low-profit
         enterprises” under the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC and enjoyed a preferential income tax rate of 20%.


11. Loss per share
   (a) Basic loss per share
         Basic loss per share for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025 are calculated by dividing the loss attributable to
         the owners of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2026                 2025
                                                                                             (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


           Loss attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                                 (156,429)                (151,558)
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
             (thousand shares)                                                                   414,631                 399,858


           Basic loss per share (RMB per share)                                                     (0.38)                  (0.38)


   (b) Diluted loss per share
         Diluted loss per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to assume
         conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. As the Group incurred losses for the six months ended 30 June
         2026 and 2025, any potential ordinary shares included in the calculation of diluted loss per share would be anti-dilutive.
         Accordingly, diluted loss per share for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025 are the same as basic loss per share
         of the respective period.
48   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     12. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                               Computers                                  Construction
                                                Machinery                   and electronic        Other      Leasehold     in progress
                                                and molds Transportation       equipment     equipment    improvements          (“CIP”)     Total
                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


              As at 31 December 2025
              Cost                                 74,004          9,489           19,294        1,980          11,731          65,846    182,344
              Accumulated depreciation            (27,189)        (3,933)          (9,626)        (793)         (9,669)              –    (51,210)


              Net book amount                      46,815          5,556            9,668        1,187           2,062          65,846    131,134


              Period ended June 30, 2026
                (Unaudited)
              Opening net book amount              46,815          5,556            9,668        1,187           2,062          65,846    131,134
              Additions                            14,693         10,673            6,802            –           5,321          13,516     51,005
              Disposals                               (44)             –             (152)        (438)              –               –       (634)
              Depreciation                         (6,338)        (1,542)          (1,676)        (150)         (1,440)              –    (11,146)
              Reclassification                      6,907              –                –            –               –          (6,907)         –
              Transfer (Note 15)                        –              –                –            –               –          (8,491)    (8,491)


              Closing net book amount              62,033         14,687           14,642          599           5,943          63,964    161,868


              As at June 30, 2026 (Unaudited)
              Cost                                 95,560         20,162           25,944        1,542          17,052          63,964    224,224
              Accumulated depreciation            (33,527)        (5,475)         (11,302)        (943)        (11,109)              –    (62,356)


              Net book amount                      62,033         14,687           14,642          599           5,943          63,964    161,868
                                                                                                                          2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                   49



                          NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




12. Property, plant and equipment (continued)
                                                                       Computers                                     Construction
                                       Machinery                    and electronic         Other       Leasehold      in progress
                                       and molds Transportation        equipment      equipment     improvements           (“CIP”)       Total
                                        RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


     As at 31 December 2024
     Cost                                  48,503          5,832           10,080          1,114          10,540            4,579        80,648
     Accumulated depreciation             (17,296)        (3,064)          (7,816)          (562)         (8,027)               –       (36,765)


     Net book amount                      31,207          2,768              2,264          552            2,513            4,579        43,883


     Period ended June 30, 2025
       (Unaudited)
     Opening net book amount              31,207          2,768              2,264           552            2,513           4,579        43,883
     Additions                             5,965            705              7,289           618            2,680               –        17,257
     Disposals                               (48)          (281)               (41)          (24)               –            (329)         (723)
     Disposal of subsidiary                   (5)          (294)                (7)           (4)             (27)              –          (337)
     Depreciation                         (4,763)          (440)              (671)         (185)            (882)              –        (6,941)
     Reclassification                      3,510              –                  –             –           (3,396)           (114)            –
     Transfer (Note 15)                        –              –                  –             –                –            (476)         (476)


     Closing net book amount              35,866          2,458              8,834          957              888            3,660        52,663


     As at June 30, 2025 (Unaudited)
     Cost                                  57,925          5,962           17,321          1,704            9,797           3,660        96,369
     Accumulated depreciation             (22,059)        (3,504)          (8,487)          (747)          (8,909)              –       (43,706)


     Net book amount                      35,866          2,458              8,834          957              888            3,660        52,663
50   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     13. Right-of-use-assets and Leeses
                                                                  As at          As at
                                                               30 June    31 December
                                                                  2026            2025
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                           (Unaudited)        (Audited)


              Right-of-use assets
              Offices and factories                             37,821          27,994
              Land use rights                                   56,923          57,393


                                                                94,744          85,387


              Lease liabilities
              Current                                           15,345          12,950
              Non-current                                       23,457          15,034


                                                                38,802          27,984


     14. Goodwill
                                                                  As at          As at
                                                               30 June    31 December
                                                                  2026            2025
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                           (Unaudited)        (Audited)


              At the beginning of the period                     3,734               –
              Acquisition of subsidiaries                            –           3,734


              At the end of the period                           3,734           3,734
                                                                                                                                              2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                              51



                               NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15. Other intangible assets
                                                                                               Software         Development costs                              Total
                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000                              RMB’000
                                                                                                                         Note (a)


          Six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)
          Opening net book amount                                                                 21,063                              –                         21,063
          Transfer (Note 12)                                                                       8,491                              –                          8,491
          Amortization charge                                                                     (1,873)                             –                         (1,873)
          Disposal                                                                                     –                              –                              –
          Additions                                                                                7,803                          5,754                         13,557


          Closing net book amount                                                                 35,484                          5,754                         41,238


          As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)
          Cost                                                                                    44,571                          5,754                         50,325
          Accumulated amortization                                                                (9,087)                             –                         (9,087)


          Net book amount                                                                         35,484                          5,754                         41,238


          Six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
          Opening net book amount                                                                  18,926                               –                       18,926
          Transfer (Note 12)                                                                          476                               –                          476
          Amortization charge                                                                      (1,325)                              –                       (1,325)
          Disposal                                                                                    (39)                              –                          (39)
          Additions                                                                                 1,581                               –                        1,581


          Closing net book amount                                                                  19,619                               –                       19,619


          As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
          Cost                                                                                     25,378                               –                       25,378
          Accumulated amortization                                                                 (5,759)                              –                       (5,759)


          Net book amount                                                                          19,619                               –                       19,619

    (a)      The Group recognises development costs relating to commercial data resources as intangible assets only when all of the following criteria are met:
             the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset; the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it; the ability of the intangible
             asset to generate probable future economic benefits; the availability of adequate resources to complete the development and to use or sell the
             intangible asset; and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the development phase of the intangible asset.


             Development costs relating to commercial data resources include costs of acquiring commercial data from third parties, direct labour costs relating
             to data cleansing and data annotation, and an allocation of indirect overhead costs.
52   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     16. Investment properties
                                                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                                2026                  2025
                                                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


                  Opening net book amount                                                                                         4,287                       4,529
                  Depreciation charge                                                                                              (121)                       (121)

                  Closing net book value                                                                                          4,166                       4,408


                  At end of the period
                  Cost                                                                                                            5,094                       5,094
                  Accumulated depreciation                                                                                         (928)                       (686)

                  Net book value                                                                                                  4,166                       4,408

            The investment properties are stated at cost less depreciation and impairment, if any.

            The fair values of the Group’s investment properties are close to the book value.

     17. Investments in associates
                                                                                                                                 As at                      As at
                                                                                                                              30 June                31 December
                                                                                                                                 2026                        2025
                                                                                                                             RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                    (Audited)


                  At the beginning of the period                                                                                10,000                            –
                  Additions                                                                                                          –                       10,000
                  Transfer to an associate on disposal of a subsidiary                                                               –                          176
                  Share of results, net                                                                                           (296)                        (176)

                                                                                                                                  9,704                      10,000


     18. Other non-current assets
                                                                                                                                 As at                      As at
                                                                                                                              30 June                31 December
                                                                                                                                 2026                        2025
                                                                                                                             RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                    (Audited)


                  Non-current rental deposits                                                                                    3,524                        5,058
                  Prepayment for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                       2,972                        4,466
                  Prepayments for acquisition of target company (a)                                                             20,000                            –

                                                                                                                                26,496                        9,524

            (a)       On 29 May 2026, the Company entered into an equity transfer agreement with ZTO Express Inc. regarding Xi’an Tongtu Technology Co., Ltd. (the
                      “Target Company”). Pursuant to the agreement, the total Consideration for the 50% equity interest in the Target Company shall be RMB25,000,000,
                      comprising (i) the share consideration of RMB20,000,000, to be satisfied by the allotment and issue of Consideration Shares by the Company to the
                      Subscriber; and (ii) the cash consideration of RMB5,000,000, to be paid by the Company to the seller in cash.

                      As at 30 June 2026, the Company had completed the prepayment of RMB20,000,000 of the transaction consideration through the issuance of 2,339,000
                      H shares.
                                                                                                            2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                     53



                         NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




19. Inventories
                                                                                                    As at                 As at
                                                                                                 30 June           31 December
                                                                                                    2026                   2025
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)               (Audited)


     Raw materials                                                                               109,332                  70,301
     Semi-finished goods                                                                          18,591                  15,429
     Finished goods                                                                               42,293                  72,443
     Contract fulfillment costs                                                                   70,526                  38,891

                                                                                                 240,742                 197,064

     Less: provision of inventories                                                              (31,103)                (39,397)

                                                                                                 209,639                 157,667


20. Trade and notes receivables
                                                                                                    As at                 As at
                                                                                                 30 June           31 December
                                                                                                    2026                   2025
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)               (Audited)


     Notes receivables                                                                            56,370                  41,457

     Trade receivables
       Due from third parties                                                                    702,872                 654,723
       Less: credit loss allowances                                                              (55,187)                (47,357)

                                                                                                 647,685                 607,366

                                                                                                 704,055                 648,823

   The Group’s credit period to its customers was typically within one year. As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the aging
   analysis of the trade and notes receivables based on recognized date is as follows:

                                                                                                    As at                 As at
                                                                                                 30 June           31 December
                                                                                                    2026                   2025
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)               (Audited)


     Up to 1 year                                                                                636,323                 590,584
     1 to 2 years                                                                                 70,688                  71,418
     2 to 3 years                                                                                 29,006                  13,345
     Over 3 years                                                                                 23,225                  20,833

                                                                                                 759,242                 696,180

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and notes receivables approximated their fair values as at the balance sheet dates.
54   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     21. Other current assets
                                                                                                           As at                 As at
                                                                                                        30 June           31 December
                                                                                                           2026                   2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)               (Audited)


              Other receivables
                – Advance to staff                                                                        4,918                   4,299
                – Deposits                                                                                7,910                   5,103
                – Due from associates                                                                    16,836                  18,606
                – Others                                                                                 12,149                   2,486


                                                                                                         41,813                  30,494


              Less: credit loss allowances                                                              (11,786)                 (9,136)


                                                                                                         30,027                  21,358


              Prepayment
                – Products and services procurement                                                      63,499                  45,546


              Value–added tax (“VAT”) recoverable                                                        73,789                  31,754


                                                                                                        167,315                  98,658


            As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the fair values of other current assets of the Group, except for the prepayments and
            VAT recoverable to be deducted which are not financial assets, approximated their carrying amounts.

            The carrying amounts of the Group’s other current assets are all denominated in RMB.


     22. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
            The Group’s financial assets measured at FVOCI include the following:

                                                                                                           As at                 As at
                                                                                                        30 June           31 December
                                                                                                           2026                   2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)               (Audited)


              Notes receivables classified as financial assets at FVOCI                                  62,570                  58,600


            Notes receivables held both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling of these assets are classified as FVOCI. All the
            aging of notes receivable is within one year.
                                                                                                           2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                    55



                        NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




23. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
    The Group’s financial assets measured at FVPL include the following:

                                                                                                   As at                 As at
                                                                                                30 June           31 December
                                                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)               (Audited)


      Investment in structured deposits and wealth management products
         issued by banks                                                                         36,889                  33,343
      Investment in fund products                                                                53,419                  57,964

                                                                                                 90,308                  91,307


    The principal and return of the private equity funds and the structured deposits and wealth management products are not
    guaranteed, hence their contractual cash flows do not qualify for solely payments of principal and interest. Therefore, the
    private equity funds and the structured deposits and wealth management products issued by banks are measured at FVPL.

    Information about the Group’s exposure to financial risk and information about the methods and assumptions used in
    determining fair value of these financial assets at FVPL are set out in Note 3.2.


24. Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                   As at                 As at
                                                                                                30 June           31 December
                                                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)               (Audited)


      Cash at banks                                                                             341,853                 690,676
      Less: restricted cash                                                                      (4,286)                 (4,073)

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 337,567                 686,603


    Cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                   As at                 As at
                                                                                                30 June           31 December
                                                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)               (Audited)


      – RMB                                                                                     295,435                 294,220
      – HKD                                                                                       1,838                 354,860
      – USD                                                                                      39,624                  37,398
      – SGD                                                                                         451                      64
      – EUR                                                                                         219                      61

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 337,567                 686,603


    As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, restricted cash in the amount of RMB10,000 and RMB10,000 is the frozen funds
    used for electronic toll collection, and RMB3,916,000 and RMB2,431,000 is the frozen funds for litigation, and RMB360,000 and
    RMB1,632,000 is the frozen funds for Performance deposits.
56   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     25. Share capital
            A summary of movements in the Company’s authorized, issued and fully paid share capital is as follows:

                                                                                              Number of shares            Share capital
                                                                                                                              RMB’000


              As at 1 January 2026 and 31 December 2025                                                420,759,000             420,759
              Issuance of ordinary shares upon global offering                                           2,339,000               2,339


              As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)                                                           423,098,000             423,098


     26. Reserves
            The following table shows a breakdown of the statements of balance sheets line items “reserves” and their movements during
            the respective periods. A description of the nature and purpose of each reserve is provided below the table.

                                                                         Treasury          Other           Share-based
                                                          Share            shares comprehensive               payment
                                                       premium            reserve income reserve              reserves          Total
                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000               RMB’000         RMB’000


              As at 1 January 2026                     1,590,406                 –             (252)           133,644       1,723,798
              Issuance of ordinary shares                 17,661                 –                 –                 –          17,661
              Exchange differences arising in
                translation of foreign currency                  –               –             (189)                 –           (189)
              Share-based payment (Note 27)                      –               –                 –             7,542           7,542
              Repurchase of shares                               –       (107,584)                 –                 –       (107,584)


              As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)           1,608,067         (107,584)             (441)           141,186       1,641,228



                                                                         Treasury          Other           Share-based
                                                          Share            shares comprehensive               payment
                                                       premium            reserve income reserve              reserves          Total
                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000               RMB’000         RMB’000


              As at 1 January 2025                     1,265,229                 –                 –             94,045       1,359,274
              Issuance of ordinary shares upon
                global offering                           10,898                 –                 –                 –          10,898
              Exchange differences arising in
                translation of foreign currency                  –               –                10                  –             10
              Share-based payment (Note 27)                      –               –                 –             19,737         19,737


              As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)           1,276,127                 –                10            113,782       1,389,919
                                                                                                            2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                      57



                     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. Share-based payment
   (a) Share award schemes

       (i)   In March 2016, the shareholders approved an Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP A Plan) which proposes to
             grant certain incentive shares of the Company to certain executives and employees at a later date by way of transfer
             of shares held by Dr. Liu Guoqing, in order to attract and retain the talents and to provide incentives that align the
             interests of Shareholders, the Company and employees, for long-term development of the Company.

             In August 2016, 77,855 equity shares were granted to an employee under the ESOP A Plan through an equity
             transfer with a vesting commencement date of August 2016. These awards did not include a service period
             condition and were made at a consideration of RMB1 per share as rewards for his services, full time devotion and
             professional expertise to the Group.

             In December 2020, Shenzhen Youjia Qingcheng Investment L.P. ( 深 圳 佑 駕 清 成 投 資 企 業（有 限 合 夥 )) was
             incorporated in the PRC under the Company Law of the PRC as a vehicle for holding ordinary shares (“Restricted
             Shares”) for the remaining employees of the Company, other than those mentioned above, pursuant to ESOP A
             Plan.

             From 2016 to 2023, pursuant to the ESOP A Plan, certain directors, management and employees (the “Grantees”)
             were granted 11,954,979 Restricted Shares through Shenzhen Youjia Qingcheng Investment L.P. ( 深 圳 佑 駕 清
             成 投 資 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) at a consideration of RMB0.01 per share as an incentive for their services, full-time
             commitment and expertise to the Group.

             All Restricted Shares granted vest as follows: 4 years of service from the date of commencement for employees
             granted shares from 2016 to 2020; 4 years of service from the date of grant for employees granted shares from
             2021 to October 2023; 3 years of service from the date of successful listing for employees granted shares after
             October 2023.

             In May 2024, for employees granted shares after 2020, the vesting periods have been modified as follows: 1 year
             of service from the date of successful listing for half of the restricted shares; 3 years of service from the date of
             successful listing for the other half of the restricted shares.

             If the employee ceases to be employed by the Group during that period, the awarded shares will be forfeited and
             the forfeited shares will be repurchased by Dr. Liu Guoqing at the subscribed share of the contributed capital at
             grant date together with the contractually agreed interest price and reallocated in subsequent grants (if any) at the
             discretion of Dr. Liu Guoqing.

                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2026                  2025
                                                                                        Number of total      Number of total
                                                                                         equity awards         equity awards
                                                                                           (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


               As at 1 January                                                               12,386,181               12,386,181
               Granted                                                                           13,224                        –
               Forfeited                                                                        (13,224)                       –


               As at 30 June                                                                 12,386,181               12,386,181


             The fair value of each awarded restricted shares was calculated based on the most recent transaction price of the
             Company’s share at the grant date.
58   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     27. Share-based payment (continued)
            (a) Share award schemes (continued)

                  (ii)    In March 2022, the shareholders approved an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP B Plan), which proposes
                          to grant certain incentive shares of the Company to certain executives and employees in the form of a capital
                          increase, in order to attract and retain the talents and to provide incentives that align the interests of Shareholders,
                          the Company and employees, for long-term development of the Company.

                          In April and May 2021, Shenzhen Youjia Licheng L.P. ( 深 圳 佑 駕 礪 成 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) and Shenzhen Youjia
                          Zhongcheng Investment L.P. ( 深 圳 佑 駕 眾 成 投 資 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) were incorporated in the PRC under the PRC
                          Company Law as a vehicle to hold ordinary shares (“Restricted Shares”) for the benefit of the employees of the
                          Company under the ESOP B Plan.

                          Pursuant to ESOP B Plan, certain directors, management and employees (the “Grantees”) were granted 8,722,901
                          Restricted Shares through Shenzhen Youjia Zhongcheng Investment L.P. ( 深 圳 佑 駕 眾 成 投 資 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 ))
                          and Shenzhen Youjia Licheng L.P. ( 深圳佑駕礪成企業 ( 有限合夥 )) at a consideration of RMB0.01 per share as an
                          incentive for their services, full-time commitment and expertise to the Group. All Restricted Shares granted vest
                          as follows: for employees who are granted shares from 2018 to September 2023, four years from the date of grant
                          of the shares; and for employees who are granted shares after October 2023, three years from the date of the
                          successful IPO.

                          In May 2024, for employees granted shares after 2020, the vesting periods have been modified as follows: 1 year
                          of service from the date of successful listing for half of the restricted shares; 3 years of service from the date of
                          successful listing for the other half of the restricted shares.

                          If the employee ceases to be employed by the Group during that period, the awarded shares will be forfeited and
                          the forfeited shares will be repurchased by Dr. Liu Guoqing at the subscribed share of the contributed capital at
                          grant date together with a contractually agreed interest price and reallocated in subsequent grants, if any, at the
                          discretion of Dr. Liu Guoqing.

                          Set out below are the movement in the number of awarded restricted shares under the ESOP B Plan:

                                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                2026                  2025
                                                                                                      Number of total      Number of total
                                                                                                       equity awards         equity awards
                                                                                                         (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


                             As at 1 January                                                                 8,722,901                8,722,901
                             Granted                                                                            74,769                        –
                             Forfeited                                                                         (74,769)                       –


                             As at 30 June                                                                   8,722,901                8,722,901


                          The fair value of each awarded restricted shares was calculated based on the most recent transaction price of the
                          Company’s shares at the grant date.
                                                                                                           2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                     59



                       NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. Share-based payment (continued)
   (b) Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions
         Total expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognized during the period as part of employee benefit
         expense were as follows:

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2026                  2025
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


           Share-based payment expenses                                                           7,542                    19,737


28. Borrowings
                                                                                                   As at                 As at
                                                                                                30 June           31 December
                                                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)               (Audited)


     Bank borrowings included in non-current liabilities
     Bank Borrowings – unsecured and unguaranteed                                               264,084                   154,267
     Less: long-term borrowings due within one year                                            (150,672)                  (82,900)

                                                                                                113,412                    71,367

                                                                                                   As at                 As at
                                                                                                30 June           31 December
                                                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)               (Audited)


     Bank borrowings included in current liabilities
     Long-term borrowings due within one year – unsecured and unguaranteed                      150,672                    82,900
     Bank Borrowings – unsecured and unguaranteed                                               207,590                   188,226
     Bank Borrowings – unguaranteed but secured                                                       –                    30,000


                                                                                                358,262                   301,126


   (a)   As at 30 June 2026, the annual interest rates of bank borrowings were ranged from 1.85% to 3.6%, respectively.


29. Deferred income
                                                                                                   As at                 As at
                                                                                                30 June           31 December
                                                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)               (Audited)


     Government grants                                                                            3,350                     3,928

   The Group received government grants for R&D projects and talent subsidies. The government grants were recorded as
   deferred income and credited to profit or loss according to the use progress of these subsidies.
60   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     30. Other liabilities
                                                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                                                           30 June           31 December
                                                                                                              2026                   2025
                                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)               (Audited)


              Other liabilities                                                                             73,998                     73,998


            During the years ended 31 December, 2025, the Group established structured entities with an independent third party. Pursuant
            to the terms of the relevant agreements, the Group has undertaken to pay the external investors an annual return of 6.5% on
            their investment principal, in addition to the full repayment of principal amounts upon maturity or exit. Consequently, the Group
            recognised financial liabilities as the Group bears the contractual obligation to pay the other investors of the consolidated
            structured entities their respective principal amounts and the guaranteed 6.5% annual return over the specified interest period.


            As at 30 June 2026, the investment funds had not yet been transferred to the investee. Consequently, no interest expenses was
            recognized during the period.


     31. Trade payables
                                                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                                                           30 June           31 December
                                                                                                              2026                   2025
                                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)               (Audited)


              Payables for purchase of raw materials                                                       381,551                 321,687


            (a)    The carrying amounts of trade payables approximated their fair values due to their short-term maturity in nature.


            (b)    As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the aging analysis of the trade payables based on recognized date is as
                   follows:


                                                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                                                           30 June           31 December
                                                                                                              2026                   2025
                                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)               (Audited)


                      Within 1 year                                                                        344,093                 249,961
                      1 to 2 years                                                                          22,509                  44,099
                      Over 2 years                                                                          14,949                  27,627


                                                                                                           381,551                 321,687
                                                                                                                2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                         61



                        NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




32. Other payables and Accruals
                                                                                                      As at                   As at
                                                                                                   30 June             31 December
                                                                                                      2026                     2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)                 (Audited)


     Payroll and welfare payables                                                                    18,353                  41,262
     Warranty provision                                                                              17,916                  18,127
     Accrued expenses                                                                                 8,677                  10,356
     Payable for long-term assets                                                                         –                   2,312
     VAT and other taxes payables                                                                    10,318                   2,619
     Endorsed notes receivable that have not been derecognised and not yet due                        5,838                   9,953
     Others                                                                                             826                     592


                                                                                                     61,928                  85,221


   As at 30 June 2026, the carrying amount of the Group’s other payables and accruals were primarily denominated in RMB.


33. Related party transactions
   Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise
   significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related
   if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. Members of key management and their close family
   members of the Group are also considered as related parties.

   The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties during the periods presented.
   In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in the normal course of business
   and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.


   (a) Names and relationships with related parties
         The table set forth below summaries the names of the related parties involved in transactions in the period and nature of
         their relationship with the Group.

           Name of related party                                                                       Relationship with the Group


           China Design Group Co., Ltd.                                              Non-controlling shareholder of the subsidiary
           Zhongyan Zhike Data Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                       Non-controlling shareholder of the subsidiary
           Shanghai Tian Qu Technology Co., Ltd.                                     Non-controlling shareholder of the subsidiary
           SeeWay.ai Co., Ltd.                                                Indirect non-controlling shareholder of the Company
           China Satellite Navigation and Communication Co., Ltd.                          Fellow subsidiary of SeeWay.ai Co., Ltd.
           Jiangsu Xintong Intelligent Transportation Technology                 Fellow subsidiary of China Design Group Co., Ltd.
             Development Co., Ltd.
           Hunan Youxiang Wanglian Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.                                           Associate of the Group
           Shanghai Tosci AI Technology Co., Ltd.                                                             Associate of the Group
           Dr. Liu Guoqing                                                                                    Founding shareholder

         In the opinion of the management of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in the normal course of
         business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective parties.
62   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     33. Related party transactions (continued)
            (b) Transactions with related parties
                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


                      Sales of goods or services
                      China Satellite Navigation and Communication Co., Ltd.           2,373                 4,580
                      Shanghai Tian Qu Technology Co., Ltd.                            6,787                   150
                      Hunan Youxiang Wanglian Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.             –                   145


                                                                                       9,160                 4,875


                      Purchases of goods and services
                      Shanghai Tosci AI Technology Co., Ltd.                           2,633                  N/A
                      Seeway.AI Co., Ltd.                                              1,004                    –
                      China Satellite Navigation and Communication Co.,Ltd.               17                    –


                                                                                       3,654                    –


                      Loans to related parties
                      Hunan Youxiang Wanglian Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.          930                   N/A


                      Interest income on loans
                      Hunan Youxiang Wanglian Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.          255                   N/A
                                                                                    2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                             63



                     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




33. Related party transactions (continued)
    (c) Balance with related parties
                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                         30 June           31 December
                                                                            2026                   2025
                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                     (Unaudited)               (Audited)


          Trade and notes receivables (trade in nature)
          Hunan Youxiang Wanglian Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.         4,992                  3,451
          Shanghai Tian Qu Technology Co., Ltd.                           14,212                 10,201
          China Satellite Navigation and Communication Co., Ltd.           8,113                  8,583
          China Design Group Co., Ltd.                                     5,982                  5,853
          Jiangsu Xintong Intelligent Transportation Technology
             Development Co., Ltd.                                         5,781                   4,996
          Zhongyan Zhike Data Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.              1,242                   3,547


                                                                          40,322                 36,631


          Trade and notes payables (trade in nature)
          Hunan Youxiang Wanglian Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.             –                 11,217
          Shanghai Tosci AI Technology Co., Ltd.                           2,690                    349
          Seeway.AI Co., Ltd.                                                155                      –


                                                                           2,845                 11,566


          Other payables (trade in nature)
          Dr. Liu Guoqing                                                      –                    265


          Other receivables (non-trade in nature)
          Hunan Youxiang Wanglian Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.         6,954                   9,546
          Shanghai Tian Qu Technology Co., Ltd.                            1,600                   1,900


                                                                           8,554                 11,446


    (d) Guarantees
        No related party guarantees.
64   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     33. Related party transactions (continued)
            (e) Key management compensation
                   Key management includes directors (executive and non-executive) and the senior management of the Group. The
                   compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                             2026                  2025
                                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


                      Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                            2,899                    2,292
                      Pension obligations, housing funds, medical insurances and other
                        social insurances                                                                      303                      224
                      Share-based payment expenses                                                           2,471                    5,978


                                                                                                             5,673                    8,494


     34. Commitments
            (a) Capital commitments
                   Significant capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not recognized as liabilities is as
                   follows:

                                                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                                                           30 June           31 December
                                                                                                              2026                   2025
                                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)               (Audited)


                      Property, plant and equipment                                                         97,447                  107,592
                      Other intangible assets                                                                2,273                    7,353
                      Capital contribution for acquisition of target company                                 5,000                        –


                                                                                                           104,720                  114,945


     35. Dividend
            No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company during the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025.


     36. Subsequent event
            On 28 July 2026, the Company has placed a total of 20,132,400 new H shares at the placing price of HK$6.23 per placing share.
            The net proceeds from the placing, after deducting the commission and other related expenses and professional fees, amounted
            to approximately RMB105.90 million (approximately equivalent to HK$122.25 million).

            Save as disclosed above, there is no any material subsequent events since 30 June 2026 up to the date of this report.
                                                                                                                 2 0 2 6 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                          65

                                                                                                        DEFINITIONS




In this report, the following expressions shall have the following meanings unless the context otherwise requires.

“AI”                                               artificial intelligence

“Articles of Association”                          the articles of association of the Company as amended from time to time

“Audit Committee”                                  the audit committee of the Company

“Board”                                            the board of Directors

“Company” or “our Company” or                      Minieye Technology Co., Ltd ( 深圳佑駕創新科技股份有限公司 ), a limited liability
  “the Company”                                    company established under the laws of the PRC on December 10, 2014 and
                                                   converted into a joint stock company with limited liability on June 7, 2023, the H
                                                   Shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2431)

“Corporate Governance Code”                        Corporate Governance Code, as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

“Director(s)”                                      director(s) of the Company

“Employee Incentive Schemes”                       collectively, the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme and the Post-IPO Share
                                                   Schemes

“Group” or “our Group” or “the Group” or           the Company and its subsidiaries
  “we” or “us”


“H Share(s)”                                       overseas listed foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a
                                                   nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which is/are listed on the Main Board of the Stock
                                                   Exchange and subscribed for and traded in Hong Kong dollars

“Hong Kong”                                        the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“HK$” or “HKD”                                     Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“IFRS”                                             IFRS Accounting Standards, which include standards, amendments and
                                                   interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board and
                                                   interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee

“Listing”                                          the listing of the H Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules”                                    the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                                   Limited

“Model Code”                                       Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers, as set out in
                                                   Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“OEM”                                              automotive original equipment manufacturer
66   Minieye Technology Co., Ltd




     DEFINITIONS




     “PRC” or “China”              the People’s Republic of China, excluding, for the purposes of this report only,
                                   Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China
                                   and Taiwan

     “Reporting Period”            the six months ended June 30, 2026

     “RMB”                         Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

     “R&D”                         research and development

     “SGD”                         Singaporean dollars, the lawful currency of Singapore

     “Share(s)”                    Unlisted Share(s) and H Share(s)

     “Shareholder(s)”              holder(s) of Share(s)

     “Stock Exchange”              The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

     “subsidiary(ies)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

     “Treasury Share(s)”           has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

     “Unlisted Share(s)”           ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of
                                   RMB1.00 each, which are not listed or traded on any stock exchange

     “USD”                         U.S. dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

     “%”                           per cent
