Booster
Investment
Scheme 2
Annual Report 2026


Private Land & Property Fund




This Annual Report 2026 has been prepared for
the period 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2026.
                                                Booster Investment Scheme 2 (PLPF) Annual Report 2026   1
Contents


Section 1      Details of Scheme . ................................................................................. 3

Section 2 Information on contributions and Scheme participants. ........................ 4

Section 3 Changes relating to the Scheme ............................................................ 5

Section 4 Other information for particular types of managed funds ..................... 6

Section 5 Changes to persons involved in the Scheme ......................................... 7

Section 6 How to find further information ............................................................. 8

Section 7       Contact details and complaints ............................................................ 9




www.booster.co.nz                                           Booster Investment Scheme 2 (PLPF) Annual Report 2026   2
1. Details of Scheme


Name of the scheme:     Booster Investment Scheme 2 (Scheme)


Type of scheme:         Other Managed Fund (i.e. a managed fund which is not a KiwiSaver scheme,
                        workplace savings scheme or superannuation scheme).


Manager:                Booster Investment Management Limited (BIML or Manager)


Supervisor:             Public Trust


Product Disclosure      The date and status of the latest Product Disclosure Statement for the Scheme is:
Statement:               •   Booster Investment Scheme 2 – Private Land and Property Fund,
                             dated 27 February 2026– open for applications.


Fund Updates:           The latest fund update for the Scheme’s Fund for the quarter ended
                        31 March 2026 was made publicly available on 1 May 2026.


Financial Statements    The latest financial statements for the Scheme and its auditor report, covering
and Auditor’s Report:   the financial year 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2026 (Year) have been lodged on the
                        scheme register and are available at www.disclose-register.companiesoffice.
                        govt.nz or at www.booster.co.nz.




www.booster.co.nz                                     Booster Investment Scheme 2 (PLPF) Annual Report 2026   3
2. Information on contributions and scheme participants

Units on issue
At the start and at the end of the year the Scheme had one fund on offer being the Private Land and Property
Fund (the Fund). The number of units on issue in the Fund at the start and at the end of the Year were:


                                                                                        Units on issue at         Units on issue at
    Fund                                                                                    1 April 20251          31 March 2026


    Private Land and Property Fund                                                              166,496,505              163,146,781

1
    Opening units on issue as at 1 April 2025, are the closing units on issue as at 31 March 2025.



Substantial product holders
The Fund is listed on the NZX Main Board under NZX code PLP. Any unitholder that holds more than 5% of
the units in the Fund is considered to be a substantial product holder.

A list of the substantial product holders and their respective unit holding in the Fund, as at the end of the
Year is as follows:


                                                                                                                       Percentage
    Substantial product holder                                                                 Unit holding             of holding

    Booster KiwiSaver Scheme
                                                                                                     91,894,426              56.33%
    (through PT (Booster KiwiSaver) Nominees Limited)


    Asset Custodian Nominees Limited (ACNL)2                                                         35,351,064               21.67%


    Booster SuperScheme
                                                                                                     18,235,526               11.18%
    (through PT (Booster Superannuation) Nominees Limited)

    Booster Investment Scheme
                                                                                                     10,309,777               6.32%
    (through PT (Booster Investments) Nominees Limited)

2
    ACNL holds units as a Custodian for underlying investors.




www.booster.co.nz                                                          Booster Investment Scheme 2 (PLPF) Annual Report 2026   4
3. Changes relating to the Scheme

Governing document
No changes were made to the Scheme’s Trust Deed during the Year.
A copy of the Scheme’s Trust Deed is available at www.booster.co.nz.

Terms of the offer
Excluding matters noted below, no material changes were made to the terms of the offer of the Scheme’s
Fund during the Year.
 •   Climate reporting changes
     - On 22 October 2025 the Government announced that Managed investment scheme (MIS) managers
       will be removed from the climate reporting regime and will no longer be required to produce annual
       climate statements. Following changes to regulatory requirements, the Manager ceased preparing
       annual climate statements for the Fund with the statements for the year ended 31 March 2025 being
       the last.
 •   Responsible Investment Policy Update
     - During the Year, the Responsible Investment Policy was amended to clarify the approach to
       consideration of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) matters in investment decision
       making. ESG integration methodologies used for certain listed investments are not applied to
       unlisted investments (which this Fund invests in) as ESG comparisons can be harder to make.
 •    During the Year, the Scheme’s Product Disclosure Statement was updated to:
      - reduce the minimum initial investment amount from $1,000 to $500;
      - update risk disclosure focusing on counterparty credit risk;
      - change the approved dispute resolution scheme provider to Financial Services Complaints Limited
        (effective 30 April 2025); and
      - other immaterial changes.
A copy of the Scheme’s current Product Disclosure Statement is available at www.booster.co.nz.

Statement of Investment Policy and Objectives (SIPO)
There were no changes made to the Scheme’s Statement of Investment Policy and Objectives during the Year.
A copy of the Scheme’s most recent SIPO is available at www.booster.co.nz.

Related party transactions
The Fund fully invests into a separate wholesale portfolio, managed by us, the Private Land and Property
Portfolio (Wholesale Portfolio). The Wholesale Portfolio is a fund established under the Booster Investment
Series Trust Deed under the Booster Wholesale Scheme, which is managed by us.
The Fund is invested in 100% of the units of the Wholesale Portfolio, and the Wholesale Portfolio owns the
property investments that the investors in the Fund are indirectly exposed to. The Wholesale Portfolio enters
into related party transactions in relation to some of its investments on occasion. These include follow-
on investments in entities that the Wholesale Portfolio either owns outright or holds majority interests in.
During the Year transactions of this nature included:
 •   The acquisition of $0.75m of additional new ordinary shares issued by Waimea West Hops Limited, a
     related party 50.9% owned by the Wholesale Portfolio, that owns an existing hop garden investment.
 •   An investment of $4.0 million was made to acquire additional units in the Woodland Road Orchard
     Limited Partnership, via a subscription agreement. The limited partnership owns a kiwifruit and
     avocado orchard and is wholly owned by the Wholesale Portfolio.



www.booster.co.nz                                       Booster Investment Scheme 2 (PLPF) Annual Report 2026   5
    •     For an apple orchard development, the Wholesale Portfolio entered into a conditional sale and
          purchase agreement^ to sell the surrendered property (approximately 45.7 hectares) to a newly
          established wholly owned limited partnership, named Hope Orchard Limited Partnership. The
          transaction will settle once a title adjustment has been made between two of the property titles
          currently owned by the Wholesale Portfolio. In the interim, the newly established limited partnership is
          to be given early access to the property to progress the new development. In addition, the Wholesale
          Portfolio invested^ $5.0 million in the limited partnership via a subscription agreement.
In addition to the investments and agreements in entities that are partially or fully owned by the Wholesale
Portfolio, the Wholesale Portfolio entered into agreements with Booster Wine Group Limited Partnership
(BWG)^ to surrender an existing lease (to free up land for the apple orchard development mentioned above)
and to grant new leases for part of the surrendered lease. BWG is a related party of the Wholesale Portfolio
as it is majority owned by Booster Tahi Limited Partnership (Tahi), the General Partner of which is associated
with the Manager. Other funds managed by BIML are invested in Tahi.
There were no other material changes to the nature or scale of any related party transactions during the
Year and all related party transactions that provided for a related party benefit were on arms’ length terms.
Related parties of the Scheme, including other funds managed by BIML, may (and do) acquire, hold or
dispose of units of the Fund and such transactions have continued during the Year.
Further information on the Fund can be found in the Scheme’s Product Disclosure Statement and Other
Material Information document available at www.booster.co.nz.
^
    Occurred in May 2026.




4. Other information for particular types of managed funds


Unit prices 3
                                                                                           Unit price ($)         Unit Price ($) at
    Fund                                                                                 at 1 April 20254          31 March 2026


    Private Land Property Fund                                                                       1.3102                     1.2859

3 The unit prices shown above are the prices that would have applied to contributions or withdrawals made in the Fund on the specified
  date directly with the Manager. The unit prices shown above don’t include PIE tax, contribution fees or termination fees. All other fees
  are included. Alternatively, investors can buy or sell units in the Fund on market at the quoted price through an NZX Participant.
  The quoted price on the NZX Main Board may differ from the unit price provided by the Fund directly.
4
    Opening unit price as at 1 April 2025, is the closing price as at 31 March 2025.




www.booster.co.nz                                                          Booster Investment Scheme 2 (PLPF) Annual Report 2026     6
5. Changes to persons involved in the Scheme

The Manager
BIML is the manager, administration manager and investment manager of the Scheme. This did not change
during the Year.

Directors of the Manager
During the Year the Manager had the following Board changes:
 •   On 1 December 2025, Allan Yeo stepped down from the Manager’s Board of Directors, and Diana
     Papadopoulos has been appointed to the position of director, replacing her previous role as alternate
     director to Allan Yeo.

Changes in Key Personnel of the Manager
 •   On 11 April 2025, Nic Craven stepped down as Chief Investment Officer of the Manager.
 •   On 9 May 2025, Nadine Brown was appointed as the Chief Customer Officer of the Manager,
     taking over the position recently vacated by Diana Papadopoulos following her appointment as
     Chief Executive Officer.
 •   On 11 September 2025, Simon O’Grady was appointed as Chief Investment Officer.

Changes to the group structure of the Manager
On 31 December 2025
 •   Two additional companies, Booster Group Limited (BGL) and Booster Financial Services Group Limited
     (BFSGL), were inserted into the group structure between the existing shareholders of Booster Financial
     Services Limited (BFSL) and BFSL. As a result, BGL became the parent company of BFSGL, and BFSGL
     became the parent company of BFSL. BFSL remains the immediate parent company of BIML.


The Supervisor
Public Trust is the Supervisor of the Scheme and this did not change during the year.

During the Year, the Supervisor had the following Board changes:
 •   Karen Price was appointed as Chair of the Board of Public Trust effective 1 June 2025.
 •   William Peet was appointed as a Director of the Board of Public Trust effective 1 June 2025.


Other Persons Involved
On 30 April 2025, the Manager changed its independent approved dispute resolution scheme provider
from Financial Dispute Resolution Services to Financial Services Complaints Limited.
There were no changes to the Custodian (PT (Booster Investments) Nominees Limited), the Unit Registrar
(MUFG Pension & Market Services (NZ) Limited), or the Auditor (Ernst & Young) during the Year.




www.booster.co.nz                                       Booster Investment Scheme 2 (PLPF) Annual Report 2026   7
6. How to find further information

Information relating to the Scheme is available on the offer register and scheme register at
www.disclose-register.companiesoffice.govt.nz by searching ‘Booster Investment Scheme 2’:
•   The offer register includes the Product Disclosure Statement, fund update, Other Material Information
    and material contracts for the Scheme.
•   The scheme register includes the Trust Deed, the SIPO, the financial statements and the annual reports
    for the Scheme.

To request this annual report and other information about the Scheme and your investment (free of charge):
    write to        Booster Investment Management Limited,
                    PO Box 11872, Manners Street, Wellington 6142
    email           investments@booster.co.nz
    call            0800 336 338 from 8.00am to 8.00pm (Monday to Friday)
    visit           www.booster.co.nz




www.booster.co.nz                                         Booster Investment Scheme 2 (PLPF) Annual Report 2026   8
7. Contact details and complaints

If you have any queries or complaints about the Scheme, you can contact the Manager (in the first instance),
or the Supervisor, at the contact details below:

Manager                                                            Supervisor

Chief Operating Officer                                            General Manager, Corporate Trustee Services
Booster Investment Management Limited                              Public Trust
Level 19, Aon Centre, 1 Willis Street                              Level 2, Public Trust Building,
PO Box 11872, Manners Street                                       22-28 Willeston Street,
Wellington 6142                                                    Private Bag 5902
                                                                   Wellington 6140

Phone: 0800 336 338                                                Phone: 0800 371 471
Email: investments@booster.co.nz                                   Email: CTS.Enquiry@PublicTrust.co.nz


If you have any queries on your listed securities holdings, you can contact the Unit Registrar on the contact
details below:

Unit Registrar

MUFG Pension & Market Services (NZ) Limited
Level 30, PwC Tower,
15 Customs Street West
PO Box 91976
Auckland 1142

Phone: 09 375 5998
Email: enquiries.nz@cm.mpms.mufg.com



If your complaint can’t be resolved by the Manager, the Supervisor or the Securities Registrar, you can refer
to the following approved dispute resolution scheme run by Financial Services Complaints Limited (FSCL).
FSCL will not charge you a fee to investigate or resolve your complaint.
You can contact FSCL at:

Level 4, 101 Lambton Quay
PO Box 5967
Wellington 6140

Phone: 0800 347 257
Email: complaints@fscl.org.nz
Website: www.fscl.org.nz




Booster Investment Management Limited (BIML) is the issuer of the Booster Investment Scheme 2. None of BIML, Public Trust, or any
director, board member or nominee of any of those entities, or any other person guarantees the Scheme’s performance, returns or
repayment of capital. A copy of the Scheme’s Product Disclosure Statement is available at www.booster.co.nz

www.booster.co.nz                                                   Booster Investment Scheme 2 (PLPF) Annual Report 2026      9
We’re here to help.
To find out more about Booster Investment
Scheme 2, talk to your financial adviser,
call us on 0800 336 338 or visit our website.
booster.co.nz


Booster Investment Management Limited
PO Box 11872, Manners Street
Wellington 6142, New Zealand




                                                Booster Investment Scheme 2 (PLPF) Annual Report 2026   10
