                                                                                                                   2955
                                                                 2000


                                                                                                                   2494                                     a
                                                  1086                                                                                      —
                                                                                                                                                    2
                                                                                                                            a                               2722
BRANDS                                                                                                         1278
                                                                      971                     —
                                                                                     ao

                                                                            a

                                                                 Pa                                   1309
                                                        a

                                                                                                                                                            FIAT)
                                                                                          990



CREATING AA
                                                                                                                            932

CREATING                                                         995




STRONGER
STRONGER
                                                                                                                            1207

                                                  935


KMD BRANDS
KMD  BRANDS                                                                                   1149
                                                                                                                                                             TELA°)

                                                                                                                                                             =     —


                                                                                                                                                        a

                                                                                                                                                —

                                                                                                                                _       —

                                                                                                                        _
31 MARCH
31 MARCH 2026
         2026                                                                                     a
                                                                                                           4                                    1434
                                                                                Pe


                                   xt       |                     _
                                                                                          '
                                                                       —

                                                            “~


                                                   —




                                                                                                  y PA oe}

                                                                                                                                                             1946
                                        C       1234



                                                                                                                    1077
                                                       649

                                                                                                                                            2835                       1
                                                                 1554                                                                                       aa
                                                                                                                                                    a
                                                                                                                                            a
                                                                                                                                    =

                                                                                                                    _       —

                                                                                                               <
                                                                                                      ot
                                                                                              a

                                                                           aa                                                                           3000
                                                                 7                                2794
                                                       L
                                                                                                                                ETEK}

Kathmandu’   ciel
               U) :(   @ ) oley1                                            1608


                                                            2118
                                                                                                                                            2233
IMPORTANT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER
This presentation has been prepared by KMD Brands Limited (KMD) in relation to an offer of new shares in KMD (New Shares) by way of a placement to eligible institutional and other selected investors (Placement) and a 1-for-0.73 pro rata renounceable accelerated entitlement offer to eligible
shareholders (Entitlement Offer, together with the Placement, the Offer).

The Offer is made to eligible shareholders and other investors in New Zealand pursuant to the exclusion in clause 19 of schedule 1 of the New Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (the FMCA).

The Offer is made to eligible shareholders and other investors in Australia in reliance on sections 708AA and 708A of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act), each as notionally modified by ASIC Corporations (Non-Traditional Rights Issue) Instrument 2016/84 and ASIC
Instrument 19-0895.

Information of a General Nature
This presentation contains summary information about KMD and its activities that is current as of the date of this presentation. The information in this presentation is of a general nature and does not purport to be complete nor does it contain all the information which a prospective investor may
require in evaluating a possible investment in KMD or that would be required in a product disclosure statement for the purposes of the FMCA or a prospectus or other disclosure document for the purposes of the Corporations Act or the laws of any other jurisdiction. KMD is subject to disclosure
obligations that require it to notify certain material information to NZX Limited (NZX) and ASX Limited (ASX). This presentation should be read in conjunction with KMD’s 1H FY26 Financial Statements, market releases and other periodic and continuous disclosure announcements released to NZX
and ASX, which are available at www.nzx.com and www.asx.com under the ticker code "KMD". No information set out in this presentation will form the basis of any contract.

NZX and ASX
The New Shares will be quoted on the NZX Main Board following completion of the Offer, and an application will be made by KMD for the New Shares to be quoted on the ASX. Neither NZX nor ASX accepts any responsibility for any statement in this presentation. NZX is a licensed market operator,
and the NZX Main Board is a licensed market under the FMCA. ASX operates a financial market licensed under the Corporations Act.

Not Financial Product Advice
This presentation does not constitute legal, financial, tax, accounting, financial product or investment advice, or a recommendation or inducement to acquire KMD's securities (including the New Shares), and has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of
individuals. Any investment decision should be made solely on the basis of investors’ own enquiries. Before making an investment decision, prospective investors should consider the appropriateness of the information having regard to their own objectives, financial situation and needs and consult a
financial advice provider, solicitor, accountant or other professional adviser if necessary. KMD is not licensed to provide financial product advice in respect to KMD’s securities.

Investment Risk
An investment in securities in KMD is subject to investment and other known and unknown risks, many of which are difficult to predict and are beyond the control of KMD. Refer to Section 5 "Key Risks" for a non-exhaustive summary of certain key risks associated with KMD and the Offer. Neither
KMD nor any other person named in this presentation guarantees the performance of KMD or any return on any securities of KMD. Cooling off rights do not apply to the acquisition of New Shares.

Not an Offer
This presentation is not a prospectus or product disclosure statement or other offering document under New Zealand or Australian law or any other law (and will not be filed with or approved by any regulatory authority in New Zealand, Australia or any other jurisdiction). This presentation is for
information purposes only and is not an invitation or offer of securities for subscription, purchase or sale in any jurisdiction.

Any decision to purchase New Shares in the Offer must be made on the basis of all information provided in relation to the Offer, including information to be contained or referred to in the separate offer document made available on NZX and ASX (Offer Document) and KMD's other periodic and
continuous disclosure announcements released to NZX and ASX. Any investor or eligible shareholder who wishes to participate in the Offer should consider the Offer Document, in addition to KMD’s other periodic and continuous disclosure announcements released to NZX and ASX, in deciding to
apply for New Shares under the Offer. Anyone who wishes to apply for New Shares under the Entitlement Offer will need to apply in accordance with the instructions contained in the Offer Document and the application form on the Offer website at kmd.rightsoffer.co.nz or as otherwise communicated
to shareholders. The release, publication or distribution of this presentation (including any electronic copy) outside New Zealand or Australia may be restricted by law. Any recipient of this presentation who is outside New Zealand or Australia must seek advice on and observe any such restrictions.
Refer to Appendix B “Selling Restrictions" of this presentation for information on restrictions on eligibility criteria to participate in the Placement and the institutional component of the Entitlement Offer.

Restrictions On Distribution
This presentation is not for distribution or release in the United States. This presentation does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such an offer would be unlawful. The Entitlements and New Shares
have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (U.S. Securities Act), or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Accordingly, the Entitlements may not be taken up or exercised by, and the New Shares may not be offered or sold,
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to any person acting for the account or benefit of any person in the United States, except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements under the U.S. Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws of any state or
other jurisdiction of the United States. The Entitlements and the New Shares to be offered and sold in the retail component of the Entitlement Offer may only be offered and sold outside the United States in “offshore transactions” (as defined in Rule 902(h) under the U.S. Securities Act) in reliance on
Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act.

The information in this presentation has been prepared on the basis that all offers of New Shares in Australia under the Offer will be made to Australian investors to whom an offer of New Shares for issue may lawfully be made without disclosure under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act because of
sections 708A or 708AA of that Corporations Act, each as notionally modified by ASIC Corporations (Non-Traditional Rights Issue) Instrument 2016/84 and ASIC Instrument 19-0895.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2
IMPORTANT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER (CONT.)
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by law, each of KMD, the joint lead managers and underwriters of the Offer and their respective related bodies corporate and affiliates including, in each case, their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisers, as the case may be
(each, a Specified Person) disclaims and excludes all liability (whether in tort (including negligence) or otherwise) for any direct or indirect loss, expense, damage, cost or other consequence (whether foreseeable or not) suffered by any person as a result of their participation in the Offer or from the
use of or reliance on the information contained in, or omitted from, this presentation, from refraining from acting because of anything contained in or omitted from this presentation or otherwise arising in connection therewith (including for negligence, default, misrepresentation or by omission and
whether arising under statute, in contract or equity or from any other cause). To the maximum extent permitted by law, no Specified Person makes any representation or warranty, either express or implied, as to the currency, fairness, accuracy, completeness or reliability of the information and
conclusions contained in this presentation, and you agree that you will not bring any proceedings against or hold or purport to hold any Specified Person liable in any respect for this presentation or the information in this presentation and waive any rights you may otherwise have in this respect.

None of the joint lead managers, the underwriters, nor their respective affiliates, related bodies corporate, directors, officers, partners, employees, agents or advisers (Advisers) have independently verified or will verify any of the content of this presentation and none of them are under any obligation
to you if they become aware of any change to or inaccuracy in the information in this presentation.

No Adviser has authorised, permitted or caused the issue, submission, dispatch or provision of this presentation and none of them makes or purports to make any statement in this presentation and there is no statement in this presentation which is based on any statement by any of them. No
Adviser takes responsibility for any part of this presentation, or the Offer, and makes no recommendations as to whether you or your related parties should participate in the Offer, nor do they make any representations or warranties to you concerning the Offer. You represent, warrant and agree that
you have not relied on any statements made by any Adviser in relation to the Offer and you further expressly disclaim that you are in a fiduciary relationship with any of them, and agree that you are responsible for making your own independent judgment in relation to any matter arising in connection
with this presentation. No Adviser accepts or shall have any liability to any person in relation to the distribution of this presentation from or in any jurisdiction.

Determination of eligibility of investors for the purposes of the institutional component of the Entitlement Offer and the retail component of the Entitlement Offer is, in each case, determined by reference to a number of matters, including legal and regulatory requirements, logistical and registry
constraints and the discretion of KMD. KMD, the joint lead managers and each other Specified Person disclaim any duty or liability (including for negligence) in respect of the exercise of that determination and the exercise or otherwise of that discretion, to the maximum extent permitted by law.

If you do not reside in a permitted offer jurisdiction, you will not be able to participate in the Offer. KMD, the joint lead managers and each other Specified Person disclaim any duty or liability (including for negligence) in respect of the determination of your allocation. This presentation contains data
sourced from and the views of independent third parties. In such data being replicated in this presentation, no Specified Person makes any representation, whether express or implied, as to the accuracy of such data. The replication of any views in this presentation should not be treated as an
indication that KMD or any other Specified Person agrees with or concurs with such views.

Underwriters and joint lead managers
None of Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited (Goldman Sachs), Forsyth Barr Group Limited (FBGL) (Goldman Sachs and FBGL, each an underwriter and, together the underwriters) or Forsyth Barr Limited (FBL) (Goldman Sachs and FBL, each a joint lead manager and, together the joint lead
managers) nor any of their respective affiliates or the officers, directors, partners, representatives, employees, agents or advisers of any of them have authorised, permitted or caused the issue, lodgment, submission, dispatch or provision of this presentation.

Each underwriter and joint lead manager, together with their respective affiliates, is a full-service financial institution engaged in various activities, which may include trading, financing, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, market making,
brokerage and other financial and non-financial activities and services. In the ordinary course of their business activities and services, the underwriters, joint lead managers and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their clients, customers and/or counterparties. Such investments and securities and financial instruments activities and services may involve securities and/or instruments of
KMD and/or its affiliates. The underwriters, joint lead managers and/or their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients or
counterparties that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

The underwriters and joint lead managers, in conjunction with their respective affiliates, are acting as the joint lead managers and underwriters of both the Placement and Entitlement Offer. The underwriters and joint lead managers are acting for and providing services to KMD in relation to the
Placement and the Entitlement Offer and will not be acting for or providing services to KMD’s employees, shareholders or creditors. The underwriters and joint lead managers have been engaged solely as independent contractors and are acting solely in a contractual relationship on an arm’s length
basis with KMD. The engagement of the underwriters and joint lead managers by KMD is not intended to create any agency or other relationship between the underwriters or the joint lead managers and KMD or its employees, shareholders or creditors. An affiliate of Goldman Sachs is also acting as
financial adviser to KMD in relation to its analysis and consideration of KMD's and its affiliates' capital structure. In connection with these roles and activities, the underwriters, joint lead managers and their respective affiliates may earn fees, generate profits, be exposed to losses, be reimbursed
expenses and benefit from indemnification.

In connection with the Placement, Institutional Entitlement Offer, institutional bookbuild and/or retail bookbuild, one or more institutional investors may elect to acquire an economic interest in the New Shares (Economic Interest), instead of subscribing for or acquiring the legal or beneficial interest in
those securities. Each underwriter (or its affiliates) may, for its own account, write derivative transactions with those investors relating to the New Shares to provide the Economic Interest, or otherwise acquire New Shares in connection with the writing of those derivative transactions in the
Placement, Institutional Entitlement Offer, institutional bookbuild, retail bookbuild and/or the secondary market. As a result of those transactions, each underwriter (or its affiliates) may be allocated, subscribe for or acquire New Shares or securities of KMD in the Placement, Institutional Entitlement
Offer, institutional bookbuild, retail bookbuild and/or the secondary market, including to hedge those derivative transactions, as well as hold long or short positions in those securities. These transactions may, together with other securities in KMD acquired by an underwriter or its affiliates in
connection with their ordinary course sales and trading, principal investing and other activities, result in an underwriter or its affiliates disclosing a substantial holding and earning fees.

Past Performance
Past performance information provided in this presentation is given for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon as (and is not) a promise, representation, warranty, guarantee or indication as to the past, present or future performance of KMD.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       3
IMPORTANT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER (CONT.)
Forward-Looking Statements
This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and business of KMD, including the Outlook on slide 21. Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by use of words such as 'approximate', 'project', 'foresee', 'plan',
'target', 'seek', 'expect', 'aim', 'intend', 'anticipate', 'believe', 'estimate', 'may', 'should', 'will', ‘objective’, 'assume', 'guidance', 'outlook' or similar expressions.

This also includes statements regarding the timetable, conduct and outcome of the Offer and the use of proceeds thereof, statements about the plans, targets, objectives and strategies of KMD, statements about the industry and the markets in which KMD operates and statements about the future
performance of, and outlook for, KMD's business. Any indications of, or guidance or outlook on, future earnings or financial position or performance and future distributions are also forward-looking statements.

All such forward-looking statements are not guarantees or predictions of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, significant uncertainties, assumptions, contingencies, and other factors, many of which are outside the control of KMD, are difficult to predict, and which may cause the
actual results or performance of KMD to be materially different from any future results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.

Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. Except as required by law or regulation (including the NZX Listing Rules and the ASX Listing Rules), KMD undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements for events or circumstances that occur
subsequent to the date of this presentation or to update or keep current any of the information contained herein.

Any estimates or projections as to events that may occur in the future are based upon the best judgement of KMD from the information available as of the date of this presentation. A number of factors could cause actual results or performance to vary materially from the projections, including the key
risks set out in this presentation. Investors should consider the forward-looking statements in this presentation in light of those risks and disclosures.

In particular, investors should be aware that the statements in slides 21, 31, 32, 33 and 34, and other statements and information regarding outlook, growth or strategy (collectively, the "outlook information") are forward-looking statements. The outlook information has been prepared by KMD based
on an assessment of current economic and operating conditions and various assumptions regarding future factors, events and actions, and general macro-economic drivers. Investors should note that given the significant uncertainties that exist in the current economic and operating conditions and
geopolitical climate, the outlook information may not be achieved. The outlook information assumes the success of KMD's business strategies, the success of which may not be realised within the period for which the outlook information has been prepared, or at all. The outlook information is subject
to a number of risks, including the risks set out in this presentation. Investors should be aware that the timing of actual events, and the magnitude of their impact, might differ from that which is assumed in preparing the outlook information, which may have a material negative effect on KMD's actual
financial performance, financial position and cash flows. In addition, the assumptions upon which the outlook information is based are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are outside KMD's control, are not reliably predictable, and it is not reasonably possible to
itemise each item. Accordingly, neither KMD nor any other person can give investors assurance that the outcomes discussed in the outlook information will be achieved. Investors are strongly cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward looking statements, such as indications of, and
guidance on, outlook, future earnings and financial position and performance.

General
For the purposes of this Important Notice and Disclaimer, "presentation" means these slides, any oral presentation of these slides by KMD, any question-and-answer session that follows that oral presentation, hard copies of this presentation and any materials distributed at, or in connection with, that
presentation. The information and opinions contained in this presentation are provided as at the date of this presentation and are subject to change without notice. KMD reserves the right to withdraw, or vary the timetable for the Offer, without notice. When used in this presentation, references to
“KMD” are references to KMD Brands Limited together with its subsidiaries and its interests in associates. All references to 1H FY26 are to the six month period ended 31 January 2026.

Acceptance
By attending or reading this presentation, you agree to be bound by the foregoing limitations and restrictions and, in particular, will be deemed to have represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that: (i) you have read and agree to comply with the contents of this Important Notice and
Disclaimer; (ii) you are permitted under applicable laws and regulations to receive the information contained in this presentation; (iii) you will base any investment decision solely on your own enquiries having due regard to information released by KMD via NZX and ASX (including the Offer
Document); and (iv) this presentation may not be reproduced in any form or further distributed to any other person, passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other person or published, in whole or in part, for any purpose.

Financial Information
All dollar values are in New Zealand dollars ($ or NZD) unless otherwise stated.

KMD's statutory financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Practice in New Zealand (NZ GAAP) and comply with the New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) and other applicable Financial Reporting
Standards, as appropriate for profit oriented entities. The financial information in this presentation is given for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon as (and is not) an indication of KMD’s views on its future financial performance or condition. Investors should note that past
performance of KMD, including the historical trading price of the shares, cannot be relied upon as an indicator of (and provides no guidance as to) future performance of KMD, including the future trading price of shares.

Certain figures, amounts, percentages, estimates, calculations of value and fractions provided in this presentation are subject to the effect of rounding. Accordingly, the actual calculation of these figures may differ from the figures set out in this presentation.

Non-GAAP Financial Information
This presentation includes certain financial measures that are "non-GAAP (generally accepted accounting practice) financial information" under Guidance Note 2017: 'Disclosing non-GAAP financial information' published by the New Zealand Financial Markets Authority, and "non-IFRS financial
information" under ASIC Regulatory Guide 230: 'Disclosing non-IFRS financial information'. Such financial information and financial measures (including Underlying EBITDA and Pro Forma LTM leverage) have not been subject to audit or review, and do not have standardised meanings prescribed
under NZ IFRS, Australian Accounting Standards (AAS) or IFRS and therefore, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other entities, and should not be construed as an alternative to other financial measures determined in accordance with NZ IFRS, AAS or IFRS. Investors
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such non-GAAP financial measures included in this presentation. Non-GAAP financial information has not been subject to audit or review.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   4
IMPORTANT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER (CONT.)
Pro Forma Financial Information
This presentation includes a pro forma balance sheet, KMD’s pro forma debt maturity profile, pro forma EBITDA and KMD’s pro forma liquidity and leverage, which have been adjusted to reflect the impact of the Offer, assuming it occurred as at 31 January 2026. The pro forma financial information
provided in this presentation is for illustrative purposes only and is not represented as being indicative of KMD's future financial position and/or performance. Pro forma financial information has not been subject to audit or review.

Basis Of Preparation
KMD has prepared unaudited pro forma financial information as at 31 January 2026 based on unaudited statutory financial statements of KMD as at that date in order to provide investors with the illustration of the impact of the proposed equity raising on the net debt position of KMD and related
credit metrics.

The financial information presented (excluding pro forma adjustments) has been prepared on a basis consistent with the recognition and measurement principles as disclosed by KMD in the General Information, Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements and Accounting Policies sections of the
Notes to the Financial Statements contained within KMD's HY26 results. The accounting policies adopted by the Directors are in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Practice in New Zealand, which is the New Zealand equivalent to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ
IFRS). They are also in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

Key Assumptions
The pro forma financial information presents the assumed impact of the proposed equity raising as if it had occurred on 31 January 2026. It has been assumed that proceeds from the equity raising of NZ$65.3m will be applied to repay debt and recapitalize the business.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         5
CONTENTS

1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

2. 1H FY26 RESULT AND FY26 OUTLOOK

3. UPDATE ON NEXT LEVEL TRANSFORMATION

4. EQUITY RAISING AND DEBT REFINANCING

5. KEY RISKS




                                         6
       SECTION 11
       SECTION

       EXECUTIVE
       EXECUTIVE
       SUMMARY
       SUMMARY




KMD   BRANDS        7
CREATING A STRONGER KMD BRANDS

 1   KMD Brands has returned to growth under new leadership in 1H FY26


 2   Substantial progress achieved against strategic initiatives



 3
     Significant upside remains with improved capabilities supporting identified growth opportunities
     and stronger margins



 4
     High conviction in three pillars of strategy – 1) brand and product-led offence, 2) data-driven
     intelligence and 3) sustainable profitability



 5   Equity raise and bank facility refinancing to strengthen our balance sheet and focus on ‘Next Level’
     execution



                                                                                                            8
WE ARE MAKING STRONG PROGRESS IN OUR 3-YEAR
NEXT LEVEL JOURNEY
             TRUSTED ICONIC BRANDS                              WHAT WE’RE DELIVERING                 WHAT’S NEXT IN OUR 3-YEAR JOURNEY



                                                           $27.5M              15         10+           GROWTH
                                                                                                        ACROSS          60%            10%
                                                            COST SAVINGS      STORES       SENIOR         ALL            TARGET          TARGET
                                                            ON TRACK FOR      CLOSED     LEADERSHIP                      GROSS           EBITDA
                                                                FY26          TO DATE     CHANGES       BRANDS           MARGIN          MARGIN




  ✓        Iconic global brands built for                  ✓   Strong focus on brand building and      ✓   Positive growth inflection in all
           purpose with strong awareness                       product innovation                          brands in 1H FY26


  ✓        Highly technical and seasonally                 ✓   On-track to deliver cost-savings        ✓   New product driving topline
           diverse                                             above target for FY26

                                                                                                       ✓   Ongoing improvements in systems
  ✓        Diversified presence across                     ✓   Disciplined ROI focus with FY26             and capabilities to support
           geography and channels                              cash flow benefits                          improved execution


                                                           ✓   Reduced inventory balance with          ✓   Ongoing focus on cost and
                                                               improved mix                                investment discipline


Note: Target EBITDA Margin refers to Underlying metrics.

                                                                                                                                                  9
NEXT LEVEL TRANSFORMATION IS BEGINNING TO DELIVER
RESULTS
                                                                            EFFECTIVE GROSS MARGIN
                 OVERALL INFLECTION IN                                   MANAGEMENT AGAINST DIFFICULT          IMPROVED PROFITABILITY WITH
                GROWTH ACROSS BRANDS                                     MARKET BACKDROP & INVENTORY              STRONG COST CONTROL
                                                                                   CLEARING

  Sales growth %                                                       Group underlying gross margin %      Group underlying EBITDA margin %


                                           12.3 %                                                                                       2.3 %

                                                                             58.0 %                56.8 %

                                                               6.5 %
               4.6 %
                                 3.0 %

    0.1 %



                                                                                                                  0.8 %

                                                      (6.3)%




                            1H FY25                 1H FY26
                                                                              1H25                  1H26          1H25                  1H26
Note: EBITDA margin refers to Underlying metrics.

                                                                                                                                                10
WE ARE STRENGTHENING OUR BALANCE SHEET TO FOCUS
ON EXECUTION OF NEXT LEVEL STRATEGY
                                               KEY MESSAGES                                                                          PRO FORMA IMPACT1

                                                                                                              Net Debt (NZ$m)


     ✓          Strengthen KMD balance sheet with NZ$65m                                                                       94
                equity raising
                                                                                                                                             (62)
                                                                                                                                                              32

     ✓          Up to 2.5 year refinancing of debt facility
                                                                                                                        Jan-26 Net Debt                  Jan-26 Net
                                                                                                                                                      PF Jan-26 Net Debt
                                                                                                                                                                    Debt


                                                                                                              Leverage ratio (x)2
     ✓          Provides access to sufficient liquidity and stable
                capital structure to execute strategy
                                                                                                                             3.8 x

                                                                                                                                             (2.5x)
                                                                                                                                                             1.3 x
     ✓          Lowers leverage with pathway to reach target
                <0.5x ratio by end of FY27

                                                                                                                     Jan-26 Leverage
                                                                                                                     Jan-26 Leverage ratio
                                                                                                                                     ratio          PF Jan-26 Leverage ratio
1.   Pro forma for net proceeds of equity raise (net of underwriting fees and other capital raising costs).
2.   Net Debt / EBITDA (per covenant measurement definitions).

                                                                                                                                                                               11
       SECTION 2
       SECTION

       1H FY26
       1H  FY26 RESULT
                RESULT
       AND FY26
       AND  FY26 OUTLOOK
                 OUTLOOK




KMD   BRANDS               12
EARLY MOMENTUM IN NEXT LEVEL TURNAROUND

                              1H FY26 RESULT SNAPSHOT1                                                        KEY TAKEAWAYS


                                                                                           ✓   Group sales growth achieved in both the wholesale and
                                                                                               direct-to-consumer channels
                    $505M                                                      +7.3%
                         SALES                                           SALES GROWTH

                                                                                           ✓
                                                                                               Gross margin reflecting near-term impact of
                                                                                               marketplace and channel management



                     56.8%                                                     54.5%
                GROSS MARGIN                                           OPEX % OF SALES2    ✓   OPEX % of Sales trending towards 50% target2




                                                                                           ✓   Significant underlying EBITDA growth
                    $11.5M                                                       2.3%
                        EBITDA                                            EBITDA MARGIN

                                                                                           ✓   Underlying EBITDA margin expansion with sales growth and
                                                                                               reset cost base
1.   Reflected results are underlying; metrics are compared against last year (1H FY25).
2.   OPEX refers to underlying operating expenses.
                                                                                                                                                       13
GROUP PROFIT & LOSS
 KMD BRANDS                                         Statutory                           Underlying1                                     GROUP SALES MOMENTUM

 NZ $m2                                     1H FY26            1H FY25           1H FY26            1H FY25              Var %          •   Total sales +7.3% YOY, with solid growth achieved in both the direct-to-consumer (“DTC”)
                                                                                                                                            and wholesale channels.
 SALES                                        505.4              470.9             505.4              470.9              7.3%           •   Kathmandu achieved strong DTC sales growth throughout the first half in both Australia and
                                                                                                                                            New Zealand.
 GROSS PROFIT3                                287.1              273.0             287.1              273.0              5.2%
                                                                                                                                        •   Rip Curl wholesale sales growth outperformed the DTC channel, with strong wholesale
 Gross margin                                 56.8%              58.0%              56.8%              58.0%
                                                                                                                                            demand in Europe and North America.

 OPERATING EXPENSES3                         (223.8)            (220.3)           (275.6)            (269.1)             2.4%           •   Oboz wholesale sales grew strongly, supported by closeout activity and strong in-season
                                                                                                                                            buying from key accounts.
 % of Sales                                   44.3%              46.8%              54.5%              57.2%


 EBITDA                                        63.3               52.7              11.5                3.9             196.6%          GROSS MARGIN REFLECTS A PROMOTIONAL MARKETPLACE

 EBITDA margin %                              12.5%              11.2%               2.3%              0.8%
                                                                                                                                        •   Group gross margin decreased -1.2% of sales in a promotional marketplace, balancing
                                                                                                                                            sales growth with gross margin achievement, while optimising inventory composition and
                                                                                                                                            selling through aged inventory.
 EBIT                                          (1.7)             (12.7)             (6.4)             (13.3)             52.1%
 EBIT margin %                                -0.3%              -2.7%              -1.3%              -2.8%
                                                                                                                                        •   1H FY25 Group gross margin has reduced by c. 0.5% of sales following an accounting
                                                                                                                                            system change at the Group’s wetsuit manufacturer, with no impact on EBITDA or net
                                                                                                                                            profit3.
 NPAT                                         (13.1)             (20.7)            (11.5)             (16.1)             28.4%
                                                                                                                                        •   1H FY26 gross margin is above 2H FY25 gross margin.

1.   Statutory results include the impact of IFRS 16 leases. The impacts of IFRS 16, restructuring, software as a service accounting,
     the notional amortisation of customer relationships, impairment and onerous contracts have been excluded from Underlying           OPERATING LEVERAGE (% OF SALES) ACHIEVED
     results. Refer to Appendix A for a reconciliation of Statutory to Underlying results.
2.   1H FY26 NZD/AUD conversion rate 0.881 (1H FY25 0.909), 1H FY26 NZD/USD conversion rate 0.581 (1H FY25 0.595).
                                                                                                                                        •   Underlying operating expenses lower than last year on a constant currency basis, with a
                                                                                                                                            Next Level strategic cost reset helping to offset strategic growth investments and continued
3.   Prior period restatement: following an accounting system change at the Group’s wetsuit manufacturer, $2.5m of 1H FY25
     production labour and overhead costs have now been mapped to cost of sales. There was no impact on the Group’s                         global cost pressure.
     1H FY25 EBITDA or net profit.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           14
 KATHMANDU PROFIT & LOSS

      NZ $m                                              1H FY26                  1H FY25                    Var %               KATHMANDU LEADS GROUP SALES MOMENTUM

      SALES                                                176.1                   156.8                     12.3%               •   Total sales +12.3% YOY despite a net reduction of 4 stores, showing strong sales momentum
                                                                                                                                     throughout the first half, and improving from +2.5% YOY in the fourth quarter of last year.
      EBITDA (underlying1)                                 (2.4)                   (12.8)                    81.6%
      EBITDA margin %                                      -1.3%                    -8.2%                                        •   Strong sales results in both Australia2 (+10.2% YOY) and New Zealand (+8.9% YOY).

      EBIT (underlying1)                                  (10.2)                   (22.0)                    53.9%               •   Sales growth continued through the second quarter, with the key Black Friday and Christmas
      EBIT margin %                                        -5.8%                   -14.1%                                            trading periods cycling a good result last year.

      Owned stores                                           152                     156                                         •   Online sales in line with last year (cycling strong growth) at $20.6m, comprising 11.8% of DTC
                                                                                                                                     sales.
                                                                                                                                 •   Same store sales (incl. online) +12.8%3.
                          SALES                                                   6.3%
                                                                                         EBITDA
         21.0%                                           24.0%
                  194.0
200.0                                           176.1            10.0                                                            GROSS MARGIN AND OPERATING EXPENSES
                                                         19.0%                                                          4.0%
                           152.3      156.8
150.0    128.3
                                                                   5.0
                                                                                  12.3                        -1.3%              •   Gross margin decreased -1.5% of sales with a focus on selling through aged inventory in the first
                                                         14.0%                                                          -1.0%
                                                                   0.0                                                               quarter, and maintaining competitive promotional intensity through the second quarter. Total
                 13.6%                13.4%                              -18.3              -8.3     -12.8     -2.4
100.0                                                             -5.0                                                  -6.0%        inventory ended 1H FY26 $9.8m lower than last year ($13.5m lower at constant currency).
                           10.9%                11.8%    9.0%
                                                                 -10.0                      -5.5%
 50.0                                                                                                -8.2%
                                                         4.0%
                                                                 -15.0
                                                                                                                        -11.0%   •   Underlying operating expenses reduced YOY, improving operating leverage following a strategic
  0.0                                                    -1.0% -20.0                                                    -16.0%       cost reset and ongoing cost discipline.
                                                                         -14.3%
          1H       1H        1H        1H        1H                        1H      1H        1H       1H        1H
         FY22     FY23      FY24      FY25      FY26                      FY22    FY23      FY24     FY25      FY26
             Stores                    Online
                                                                                   EBITDA          EBITDA margin
             Wholesale                 Online % of DTC


 1.     The impacts of IFRS 16, restructuring, impairment and onerous contracts are excluded from underlying results. Refer to
        Appendix A for a reconciliation of Statutory to Underlying results.
 2.     At constant exchange rates.
 3.     Same store sales are for the 27 full weeks ended 1 February 2026 and are measured at constant exchange rates.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         15
 RIP CURL PROFIT & LOSS

      NZ $m                                              1H FY26                 1H FY25                     Var %                     STABLE GLOBAL DIVERSIFIED SALES

      SALES                                                291.4                    278.5                    4.6%                      •   Total sales +4.6% YOY, helped by YOY movement in FX rates used to convert global sales to
                                                                                                                                           NZD reporting currency. On a constant currency basis, Rip Curl total sales were +0.3% above
      EBITDA (underlying1)                                  20.5                    23.6                   (13.0%)                         the first half of last year.
      EBITDA margin %                                       7.0%                    8.5%
                                                                                                                                       •   Wholesale sales +9.8%, supported by strong demand in Europe and North America.
      EBIT (underlying1)                                    10.5                    16.1                   (34.3%)                     •   Online sales +6.7% to $22.5m, comprising 12.0% of DTC sales.
      EBIT margin %                                         3.6%                    5.8%
                                                                                                                                       •   Direct-to-consumer total sales (incl. online) +1.9%, with strong sales results for North America
      Owned stores                                           170                     177                                                   offsetting a challenging market during the southern hemisphere peak summer period.
                                                                                                                                       •   Direct-to-consumer same store sales (incl. online) +1.5%2.

                          SALES                                                          EBITDA                                        GROSS MARGIN AND OPERATING EXPENSES
350.0                                                          50.0                                                      16.0%
                 306.4                        291.4      35.0% 45.0    13.1%
300.0
         257.8
                           278.3     278.5                                       12.3%                                   14.0%         •   Gross margin decreased -1.2% of sales, impacted by wholesale channel mix and elevated
                                                         30.0% 40.0                                                      12.0%
250.0                                                          35.0                         9.9%                                           promotional activity.
                                                         25.0%                                        8.5%               10.0%
200.0                                                          30.0
        13.8%
                                                         20.0% 25.0                                             7.0%     8.0%          •   Underlying operating expenses in line with last year on a constant currency basis, with a
150.0                               11.5%     12.0%      15.0% 20.0
                  9.6%     10.5%                                                                                         6.0%              strategic cost reset helping to offset strategic growth investments and continued global cost
100.0                                                    10.0% 15.0                                                      4.0%              pressures.
                                                               10.0
 50.0                                                    5.0% 5.0                                                        2.0%
                                                                        33.7      37.6      27.4      23.6      20.5
  0.0                                                    0.0% 0.0                                                        0.0%
          1H       1H       1H        1H        1H                       1H        1H        1H        1H       1H
         FY22     FY23     FY24      FY25      FY26                     FY22      FY23      FY24      FY25     FY26
              Stores                 Online
                                                                                   EBITDA          EBITDA margin
              Wholesale              Licensing / Other
              Online % of DTC

 1.     The impacts of IFRS 16, restructuring, the notional amortisation of customer relationships, impairment and onerous contracts
        are excluded from underlying results. Refer to Appendix A for a reconciliation of Statutory to Underlying results.
 2.     Same store sales are for the 27 full weeks ended 1 February 2026 and are measured at constant exchange rates.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              16
   OBOZ PROFIT & LOSS

            NZ $m                                              1H FY26                  1H FY25                   Var %            SALES TREND IMPROVING

            SALES                                                 38.0                     35.6                    6.5%            •   Total sales +6.5% YOY.

            EBITDA (underlying1)                                  (1.1)                    (2.2)                  52.5%            •   Online sales +0.9%, impacted by lower closeout inventory levels YOY. In the second half, the
            EBITDA margin %                                       -2.8%                    -6.3%                                       website will move onto the group online trading platform. Digital marketing continues to be refined
                                                                                                                                       with new agency partners through an updated digital funnel strategy and fresh creative.
            EBIT (underlying1)                                    (1.1)                    (2.6)                  59.5%
            EBIT margin %                                         -2.8%                    -7.3%                                   •   Wholesale sales +7.5% with strong in-season buying from key accounts.


                                                                                                                                   GROSS MARGIN AND OPERATING EXPENSES
                                                                                                                                   •   Gross margin remained stable, improving +0.2% of sales despite tariff impacts, supported by
                           SALES                                                            EBITDA                                     lower closeout activity YOY.
60.0                                                               4.0
                                                                                    6.1%                                   8.0%
50.0                47.5                                           3.0                                                     6.0%    •   Underlying operating expenses tightly controlled and lower than last year.
                              38.0               38.0              2.0                                                     4.0%
40.0                                    35.6
                                                                   1.0    -0.2%               -0.1%                        2.0%    •   Note: The Kathmandu segment includes 1H FY26 $3.2m sales of Oboz products in Kathmandu
30.0                                                                                 2.9
            21.2                                                   0.0
                                                                                                                           0.0%        AU & NZ stores at full vertical gross margin (1H FY25 $3.4m).
20.0                                                                        0.0                -0.1      -2.2      -1.1    -2.0%
                                                                  -1.0
                                                                                                                  -2.8%    -4.0%
10.0                                                              -2.0                                                     -6.0%
 0.0                                                              -3.0                                  -6.3%              -8.0%
             1H      1H        1H       1H        1H                       1H        1H        1H         1H       1H
            FY22    FY23      FY24     FY25      FY26                     FY22      FY23      FY24      FY25      FY26

                     Online     Wholesale                                            EBITDA           EBITDA margin



       1.     The impacts of IFRS 16, restructuring, the notional amortisation of customer relationships, impairment and
              onerous contracts have been excluded from underlying results. Refer to Appendix A for a reconciliation of
              Statutory to Underlying results.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             17
BALANCE SHEET

     Key Balance Sheet items and ratios1                                                                                  INVENTORY AT A THREE-YEAR LOW
     NZ $m                                                                       Jan 26           Jan 25         Jul 25   •   Group inventory balance reduced for the third successive year, as inventory positions continue
                                                                                                                              to reduce towards optimal levels.
     Net working capital                                                          179.2            192.6         157.7
                                                                                                                          •   Inventory obsolescence provisions represent 1.7% of gross inventory, consistent with the last
     Inventories                                                                  274.1            303.7         254.0        two half-years, and -50 bps below Jul 25.
     Current trade and other receivables                                            80.0             79.1         92.3
                                                                                                                          •   Inventory and trade payables include -$17.1m lower goods in transit YOY.
     Current trade and other payables                                           (174.8)          (190.2)        (188.7)
                                                                                                                          •   Stock turns improved from 1.33x at Jan 25 to 1.56x at Jan 26.
     Net work ing capital % of sales                                            17.5%            19.6%          15.9%
     Stock Turns 2                                                                1.56x            1.33x         1.65x
                                                                                                                          DEBT
                                     PF Jan-26 net debt of
     Net Debt                           NZ$31.9m6 and                             (94.0)           (76.2)        (52.8)   •   Net Debt $94.0m at Jan 26 impacted by $5.6 million with the weakening of the NZ dollar year-
                                     leverage ratio of 1.3x6                                                                  on-year.
     Leverage Ratio 3                                                              3.8x             2.1x          3.3x
     Net Debt to Equity 4                                                       12.0%              8.9%          7.1%     •   The Group complies with all amended bank covenants at 31 January 2026.

     Fixed Charge Cover Ratio (FCCR) 5                                            1.08x            1.17x         1.03x    •   On 30 January 2026 the Group extended its existing debt facility term and adjusted the fixed
                                                                                                                              charge cover ratio for the July 2026 and January 2027 measurement periods.
     Equity                                                                       689.3            778.7         689.9
                                                                                                                          •   The Group also reduced its total syndicated bank facilities by $49 million to approximately $283
                                                                                                                              million, consisting of an A$207 million and NZ$43 million multi-currency revolving facility. See
1.     Key ratios calculated using 12-month Underlying P&L measures.                                                          slide 39 for information about the Group's new bank debt facility.
2.     Cost of sales / Average Inventories YOY.
3.     Net Debt / EBITDA (per covenant measurement definitions).
4.     Net Debt / (Net Debt + Equity).
5.     (EBITDA + Rent) / (Rent + Net Finance Costs excl. FX).
6.     Pro forma for net proceeds of equity raise (net of underwriting fees and other capital raising costs).



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 18
CASH FLOW
Cash Flow (NZ $m)                                        1H FY26      1H FY25
                                                                                                                          GROUP NET WORKING CAPITAL HALF-YEAR CYCLE
NPAT                                                      (13.1)       (20.7)                            280.0

Change in working capital                                 (21.3)        (1.5)                            240.0
                                                                                                                             244.4
Non-cash items                                            60.0          68.0                             200.0                        219.7    226.2
                                                                                                                 207.0                                  198.3    192.6
Operating cash flow                                       25.6          45.8                             160.0                                                                     179.2
                                                                                                         120.0
                                                                                                                                                                          157.7
Adjusted operating cash flow1                             (23.0)        (0.8)                             80.0

                                                                                                          40.0
Key Line Items:                                          1H FY26      1H FY25
                                                                                                           0.0
                                                     1
Net interest paid (including facility fees)               (6.0)         (6.3)                                     Jul 22     Jan 23   Jul 23   Jan 24   Jul 24   Jan 25   Jul 25   Jan 26
Net income taxes paid                                     (2.8)         (4.7)
Capital expenditure                                       (13.1)       (14.1)
                                                                                                                                GROUP NET DEBT HALF-YEAR CYCLE
                                                                                                         110
     •   Working capital outflow: January net working capital balances are traditionally elevated as
         stock to support Kathmandu’s Southern Hemisphere Autumn / Winter season, and Rip Curl’s                                               96.2                                94.0
         Northern Hemisphere Summer season is shipped before Chinese New Year.                            70                 84.9
                                                                                                                                                                 76.2
                                                                                                                                      55.7              59.7              52.8
     •   Inventory purchase timing phased earlier than last year, helping to bring newness into stores    30     40.1
         to capitalise on Black Friday and Christmas trade, therefore reducing trade payables at
         January 2026. Also, higher trade payables at July 2025, which unwound in August 2025,
                                                                                                         -10
         resulted in additional cash outflows in 1H FY26.

     •   Net Debt $94.0m at Jan 26 includes a $5.6m impact from a weaker NZ dollar YOY.                  -50
                                                                                                                 Jul 22     Jan 23    Jul 23   Jan 24   Jul 24   Jan 25   Jul 25   Jan 26
     •   No interim dividend declared as a result of 1H FY26 operating performance.

1.       Adjusted for impacts of adopting IFRS 16.

                                                                                                                                                                                            19
TRADING UPDATE

Direct-to-consumer same store sales (including online) for the first six full
weeks of the second half from Monday 2 February to Sunday 15 March
20261 in a seasonally non-significant trading period:


       • Kathmandu +11.1% YOY, combined with gross margin improvement
           YOY of c. +50 bps (+0.5% of sales).

       • Rip Curl +1.2% YOY.




1.   Sales and gross profit results for the 6 full trading weeks from Monday 2 February 2026 to Sunday 15 March 2026
     are sourced from BI reports and measured at constant currency YOY.


                                                                                                                       20
OUTLOOK
 Given early momentum in its Next Level turnaround strategy and despite a challenging global consumer operating environment, the Group remains focused on delivering continued
 performance improvement compared to prior year.

 BRAND GROWTH AND GROSS MARGIN
 • Kathmandu continued its recent sales momentum in the first 6 weeks of 2H FY26, with the key Autumn and Winter trading periods still to come. Kathmandu are also on track to
     achieve gross margin expansion YOY in 2H FY26, with consumers responding positively to improved product flow and assortment.
 • Rip Curl and Oboz wholesale order books for 2H FY26 are in line with last year, with the Europe and North America summer season to come. Gross margin expansion is
     anticipated YOY in 2H FY26, reflecting actions taken to offset the US tariffs, and cycling specific clearance of inventory in the second half of last year.

 OPERATING LEVERAGE1
 • Group underlying operating expenses as a % of sales are forecasted to improve YOY, showing progress towards mid-term targets. Underlying operating expenses for the full
     year are planned to be broadly flat YOY on a constant currency basis (before any FY26 management incentives). The year-on-year impact of global currency fluctuation is
     expected to have a significant impact on underlying operating expenses (1H FY26 half-year impact $9.1m as shown in Appendix A). The Group remains on track to achieve its
     Next Level strategic cost reset savings, helping to offset cost inflation, and deliver moderated re-investment to drive Next Level strategic growth opportunities.

 EBITDA MARGIN1
 • KMD Brands expects to deliver further EBITDA margin expansion in FY26.

 CAPITAL ALLOCATION
 • The Group continues to focus on the optimisation of its store network as part of the Next Level integrated marketplace strategy. Capital expenditure for FY26 is targeted to be at
     the lower end of the guided range (approximately $25m).
 • KMD Brands continues to target a leverage ratio of <0.5x Net Debt / EBITDA by end of FY27.
1.   The impacts of IFRS 16, restructuring, software as a service accounting, the notional amortisation of customer relationships, impairment and onerous contacts are excluded from Underlying results. Refer to Appendix A for a reconciliation of Statutory to Underlying
     results.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               21
                        Kathmandu’

       SECTION 3
       SECTION

       UPDATE ON
       UPDATE ON
       NEXT LEVEL
       NEXT LEVEL
       TRANSFORMATION
       TRANSFORMATION
                        RIPCURL<




KMD   BRANDS                         22
WE HAVE BEEN DELIVERING ON WHAT WE SAID IN THE FIRST
6 MONTHS OF OUR 3-YEAR NEXT LEVEL JOURNEY
                               
WHAT WE SAID                                          WHAT WE’RE DELIVERING                                              WHAT IS NEXT ON OUR 3-YEAR JOURNEY

Reboot growth at right             ✓ Inflection to growth for all brands in 1H FY26 with effective gross margin
                                                                                                                  ► Deliver sustainable brand growth and ~60% gross margin by FY28
profitability                        management despite challenging backdrop


Reset strategy on three core       ✓ Faster product innovation and storytelling, sharper channel-led              ► Scaling product-led growth and channel discipline to build sustained brand
brands                               assortments and portfolio actions                                              momentum and margin improvement


Improve digital and data-led       ✓ ERP/D365 implementation completed, Shopify live across brands, and           ► Leveraging data and analytics to drive further inventory reduction,
decision making                      decision-intelligence tools deployed                                           profitability uplift and productivity gains across the group

                                                                                                                  ► Continued assessment for simplification and cost savings
$25m cost reset in FY26            ✓ On track to deliver $27.5m cost savings                                      ► Maintain cost growth at or below inflation to support operating expenses
                                                                                                                    reaching <50% of sales
                                   ✓ Investments to drive short and long-term profitable growth
$15m growth investment in                                                                                         ► Continue to apply rigorous investment criteria and sequence investment
                                   ✓ FY26 investment reduced to $10.8m (withholding $4.2m) with discipline
FY26                                                                                                                based on self-funding approach
                                     around market conditions and returns

                                   ✓ 15 stores closed and 6 further on track for closure by                       ► On-going evaluation of stores against clear criteria to determine the optimal
21 store closures
                                     September 2027                                                                 path for our store portfolio


Improved inventory
                                   ✓ Inventory reduced by 9.7% (Jan 26 vs. Jan 25) with improved mix              ► Working capital <16% of sales by FY28
management


                                                                                                                  ► Ongoing assessment of non-core assets that do not provide advantage to
Review non-core assets             ✓ Review underway on non-core assets
                                                                                                                    three core brands


                                                                                                                                                                                                    23
INCREASED CONVICTION IN NEXT LEVEL TRANSFORMATION
STRATEGY

              1                             2                          3




         A brand &                 Efficient, scalable            Delivering
        product-led                  processes and               sustainable
          offence                        decision                profitability
                                       intelligence


                                Adding new capabilities to   Reset cost base with
 Delivering growth across all
                                   fuel growth & drive       focused gross margin
            brands
                                   operating leverage             expansion



                                                                                    24
                                                                                                                    1


GLOBAL PLATFORM BUILT
AROUND THREE TECHNICAL,
PURPOSE DRIVEN BRANDS
STRONG BRAND RELEVANCE DRIVEN BY PURPOSE
•    Strong awareness of all brands

•    Kathmandu is known and trusted for outdoor adventure

•    Rip Curl has a deep connection and credibility in core surf

•    Oboz is authentic to the trail


POSITIONED IN ATTRACTIVE CATEGORIES
•    Participate in activity-based segment of market, which is seeing growth across categories of 5%+1

•    Ongoing market shift to technical and premium product


GLOBAL REACH AND DIVERSIFICATION
•    Global presence with bespoke go to market model for each region

•    Seasonal diversity across portfolio




1.    Segment growth is based on Mordor Intelligence, Reuters, IMARC Group, Statistica, Grand View Research, Euro
      Monitor, IBISWorld.

                                                                                                                    25
                                                                                                                                                               1




                         INITIATIVES TO DRIVE NEXT LEVEL AT KATHMANDU


BRAND                                                                                                                    HOW WE WILL MEASURE
STRATEGY                        WHAT HAS BEEN SET IN MOTION                             WHAT IT ENABLES                  SUCCESS

                     •    Seasonal product assortments                                                                   Fresh product flow and innovation
Accelerated                                                                         ✓ Product relevance, brand buzz
product strategy
                     •    Limited-quantity ranges on faster timelines
                                                                                      and faster trend response          in FY26/27 seasonal releases


                     •    Innovation embedded in seasonal launches
Brand storytelling                                                                  ✓ Authentic positioning across       Clear product roadmap and
& innovation                                                                          outdoor and adventure categories   associated stories
                     •    “Store of the Future” concepts

                     •    Improved pricing and markdown strategy
                                                                                    ✓ Reset of expectations on product
                                                                                      and brand value
Profitable channel   •    Assortment alignment across store segments
                                                                                                                         Store network segmentation
mix / Integrated
                                                                                    ✓ Optimal store network              optimised for profitability
Marketplace          •    Store segmentation improvements
                                                                                    ✓ Stronger brand value and more
                     •    Digital platform re-engineered
                                                                                      efficient digital sales

                     •    Shift to distributor-led and digital expansion            ✓ Improved profitability             Shift to capital-light distributor-
International
Strategy                                                                                                                 led model and digital expansion
                     •    Focused regional market prioritisation                    ✓ New market penetration

                     •    Established leadership team and capability mix in place
                                                                                    ✓ Confidence in strategic and        Strong brand and executional
Strong capability                                                                                                        capability
                                                                                      operational execution
                     •    Investment in store staff training


                                                                                                                                                               26
                                                                                                                                                     1




                     INITIATIVES TO DRIVE NEXT LEVEL AT RIP CURL


BRAND                                                                                                             HOW WE WILL MEASURE
STRATEGY                  WHAT HAS BEEN SET IN MOTION                           WHAT IT ENABLES                   SUCCESS

                 •   “Next Gen” focus across brand, athletes and product
Youthful brand                                                             ✓ Clear, authentic surf brand with     Brand resonance and energy
reset                                                                        modern appeal                        with younger demographic
                 •   Sharpened positioning around The Search


                 •   Expanded from surf-only to broader beach lifestyle                                           Uplift in beach-culture
Growth beyond                                                              ✓ Broader reach and improved
core
                 •   Trialled women-focused stores (e.g. Bondi)
                                                                             distribution                         category sales


                 •   Resized North American operations
Return US to                                                               ✓ Stable, profitable, US business
                                                                                                                  Rip Curl US EBITDA positive
profitability                                                                anchored by Hawaii
                 •   Store closures and costs base reduction


                 •   Rebuilt digital platform (Shopify)
                                                                           ✓ Higher online sales efficiency and   Digital sales growth rate
Digital uplift
                 •   Reset digital capability and operating model
                                                                             lower costs                          above retail and wholesale



                                                                                                                  Innovation leadership in core
                 •   Innovation focused on core categories
Product                                                                    ✓ Clearer product DNA and lower        categories
simplification                                                               COGS
                 •   Centralised product engine and reduced SKUs                                                  Product lifecycle cost reduction


                                                                                                                                                     27
                                                                                                                                                              1




                            INITIATIVES TO DRIVE NEXT LEVEL AT OBOZ


BRAND                                                                                                                   HOW WE WILL MEASURE
STRATEGY                      WHAT HAS BEEN SET IN MOTION                             WHAT IT ENABLES                   SUCCESS

More with                                                                        ✓ Fresher range for rugged, comfort-   Deeper penetration with Oboz
                     •   Accelerated core product innovation to market earlier
the core                                                                           focused customers                    premium partners


                     •   Updated Fast Trail range for future seasons
Accelerate ‘fast’                                                                                                       Increase in sales from “Fast Trail”
                                                                                 ✓ Clear category fit and brand reset
category                                                                                                                product category
                     •   Consumer research to refine fast & light segments

                     •   Extended all-terrain category
Products that open                                                               ✓ Trend-right product design           Drive brand energy and
                     •   Deeper cross-trail and introduce Vault categories
all-terrain                                                                                                             accessibility with trend-focused
opportunities                                                                                                           consumer
                     •   New distribution relevant to Vault                      ✓ New entry point to Oboz


                     •   Renewed focus with Oboz premium partners                ✓ Fresh offering with outdoor
                                                                                   speciality and farm and ranch        Building channel adjacencies at
Channel diversity
                     •   Marketplace distribution with large outdoor-adjacent    ✓ Expand reach and scale with right    scale
                         distribution                                              product


                                                                                 ✓ Enhance brand storytelling
                                                                                                                        Digital sales growth rate
Digital uplift       •   Shopify launch in Q3’FY26                               ✓ Premium distribution for refreshed   above wholesale
                                                                                   offering


                                                                                                                                                              28
                                                                                                                                                                            1



DIGITAL PLATFORM CHANGES TO DRIVE GROWTH ACROSS
OMNI-CHANNEL MODEL
                    THE OPPORTUNITY                                                                           FY26 ACTIONS                           WHAT’S NEXT

 Online sales penetration (%)
                                                                                                  ✓   Leverage recent Shopify and D365
                                                                      2
                                                                                                      implementation to improve consumer
                                                      ~15-25%                                         experience and drive conversion            Brand concept calendar



                                                                                                      Reset product assortment, fulfilment and
                                                                                                  ✓
                                                                                                      planning for digital business

                         1
              ~10%
                                                                                                                                                 Digital store management
                                                                                                      Scale creative ad volume with new
                                                                                                  ✓   performance marketing capabilities and
                                                                                                      AI tools




                                                                                                      Connect reward members to digital             Digital capabilities
                                               Technical / outdoor                                ✓   campaigns with laser focus on highest-             and tools
                                              wear industry average
                                                                                                      value consumer opportunities
             (Today)

1.   Represents online sales as % of total sales. 2. Various market reports / desktop research.

                                                                                                                                                                            29
                                                                                                                                                                             2



IMPROVED CAPABILITIES AND TECHNOLOGY IN PLACE TO
DRIVE INTEGRATED EXECUTION
               
                           WHAT HAS BEEN SET IN MOTION OR COMPLETED                                                       WHAT IT ENABLES


                   •   Identified and executed procurement savings
                                                                                                             ✓ Cost of goods sold reduction, product relevance, and faster
Procurement
                                                                                                               trend response
                       –   Improved terms with manufacturers, and efficiencies on freight and logistics




                   •   Implemented digital systems to drive durable efficiencies                             ✓ Better forecasting, planning, and assortment strategies
Technology
                       –   ERP / D365 system, Shopify integration across brands, updated HR platform         ✓ Improved employee and consumer experience




                   •   Deployed data intelligence tools to enhance growth and profitability
                                                                                                             ✓ Improved profitability
Decision
intelligence           –   Implementation of inventory and store profitability tools and advanced consumer
                                                                                                             ✓ Accelerated insight generation
                           analytics




                   •   Consistent measures to optimise supply chain operations                               ✓ Confidence in strategic and operational execution
Supply chain
excellence
                       –   Kathmandu and Oboz sales and operations planning process underway                 ✓ Improved inventory decisions




                                                                                                                                                                             30
                                                                                                                   3




       ON TRACK TO OVER-DELIVER ON FY26 COST SAVINGS

                    ON TRACK TO DELIVER $27.5M OF COST SAVINGS, IMPROVEMENT ON THE $25M ANNOUNCED
                                           AT INVESTOR DAY IN SEPTEMBER 2025


30.0




                                                                                                     27.5

                                                                               5.9
25.0




                                                            4.5
20.0




15.0




                                      6.6

10.0




 5.0

             10.5


   -




          Restructure        Marketing realignment   Store optimisation      Other            FY26F cost savings


                                                                                                                   31
                                                                                                             3




DISCIPLINED APPROACH TO INVESTMENT WITH ROI FOCUS

                      UPDATE ON ANNOUNCED FY26 INVESTMENT                      COMMENTARY


                                                                         Strategic investment to
 1    DIGITAL RESET                                         $2.3m    ✓
                                                                         support growth and
                                                                         profitability

 2    PRODUCT INNOVATION                                    $1.5m

                                                                     ✓   Phased, self-funded
 3    STORE NETWORK AND PERFORMANCE                         $4.8m        model



 4    INTEGRATED BUSINESS EXECUTION                         $2.2m
                                                                     ✓   Incremental investment
                                                                         unlocked as performance
                                                                         improves
Total FY26E Investment                                      $10.8m


                                                                         Growth initiatives prioritised by
Investment withheld given performance / market              +$4.2m   ✓
                                                                         ROI and speed to payback



                                                                                                             32
                                                                                                                                             3



    PROGRESSING WITH PLANNED STORE CLOSURES AND
    CONTINUING TO REFINE OUR STORE PORTFOLIO
                         UPDATE ON ANNOUNCED CLOSURES                        REVIEW OF ADDITIONAL STORES


                                                                  •   Stores are evaluated against clear criteria to determine the optimal
Lease cost
               $4.2M                   $1.6M              $5.8M       path for our store portfolio
savings
                                                                  •   Our evaluation criteria:

                                                           21          •   Geographic alignment with strategy

                                                                       •   Presence in attractive shopping locations
                                         6
                15                                                     •   Alignment with brand store segmentation and category vision

                                                                       •   Threshold profitability



                




             Completed       Closure on track by Sep-27   Total


                                                                                                                                             33
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           3



DELIVERING OUR FINANCIAL AMBITION OVER THE NEXT
THREE YEARS


     ~60%                                                                    <50%                                                                   10%+                                                                   <16%
                GROSS                                                             OPERATING                                                                    EBITDA2                                                         NET WORKING
                MARGIN                                                             EXPENSE                                                                     MARGIN                                                            CAPITAL
                                                                                  % OF SALES                                                                                                                                    % OF SALES

               GROSS MARGIN 1                                                    OPERATING EXPENSES 1,2                                                       EBITDA MARGIN 2                                                     NET WORKING CAPITAL
                  % of sales                                                           % of sales                                                                 % of sales                                                           % of sales
                                              60.0%                                                                                                                                         10.0%
                                                                                                54.8%                                                                                                                                                              16.0%
                                                                                      53.2%                                                         9.6%                                                                  19.9%     20.3%
                                                                                                                     50.0%
     58.3%     58.4%                                                                                                                                                                                                                          15.9%

                         56.5%                                              48.7%                                                                             5.1%

                                    >>                                                                     >>
                                                                                                                                                                        1.8%
                                                                                                                                                                                   >>                                                                    >>
     Jul 23    Jul 24    Jul 25              Target                         Jul 23    Jul 24    Jul 25              Target                         Jul 23    Jul 24    Jul 25               Target                       Jul 23     Jul 24    Jul 25              Target
                                             Jul 28                                                                 Jul 28                                                                  Jul 28                                                                Jul 28




1.   Prior period restatement: following an accounting system change at the Group’s wetsuit manufacturer, production labour and overhead costs have now been mapped to cost of sales. There was no impact on the Group’s EBITDA or net profit.
2.   Statutory results include the impact of IFRS 16 leases. The impacts of IFRS 16, restructuring, software as a service accounting, the notional amortisation of customer relationships, impairment and onerous contracts have been excluded from Underlying results.
     Refer to Appendix A for a reconciliation of Statutory to Underlying results.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           34
       SECTION 4
       SECTION

       EQUITY RAISING
       EQUITY RAISING
       AND DEBT
       AND DEBT
       REFINANCING
       REFINANCING




KMD   BRANDS            35
EQUITY RAISING DETAILS

                                 •    Fully underwritten NZ$65.3 million equity raising (Offer), comprising:
                                           • 1 for 0.73 pro-rata accelerated renounceable entitlement offer to raise approximately NZ$58.5m (Entitlement Offer), and
Offer size and                             • Placement to raise approximately NZ$6.8m (Placement)
structure                        •    The Entitlement Offer consists of an offer to Eligible Institutional Shareholders (Institutional Entitlement Offer) and an offer to Eligible Retail Shareholders (Retail
                                      Entitlement Offer)
                                 •    Approximately 1,087.8 million New Shares are to be issued under the Offer, representing approximately 152.8% of the existing shares on issue


                                 •    The Offer Price under both the Placement and Entitlement Offer is NZ$0.06 per New Share, representing a:
                                          • 47.1% discount to TERP1 of NZ$0.113
Offer price for the
equity raising                            • 69.2% discount to KMD’s last traded price of NZ$0.195 on NZX as at Wednesday, 25 March 2026
                                 •    The Australian Dollar Offer Price for the Retail Entitlement Offer will be announced on Thursday, 2 April 2026 using the prevailing AUD/NZD exchange rate published by
                                      the New Zealand Reserve Bank on Tuesday, 31 March 2026

                                 •    The net proceeds will be used to reduce KMD’s net debt position and strengthen the balance sheet, and in conjunction with the refinanced debt facility provide a stable
Use of proceeds
                                      balance sheet to enable execution of KMD’s next level strategy

                                 •    Institutional Investors (which may include Eligible Institutional Shareholders and ASX Brokers or NZX Firms acting on behalf of retail clients) will be invited to participate
Placement                             in the Placement
                                 •    New Shares issued to participants in the Placement will be on an ex-entitlement basis

                                 •    Eligible Institutional Shareholders will be invited to take up their entitlements in an accelerated Institutional Entitlement Offer
Institutional                    •    New Shares relating to entitlements not taken up will be offered to Institutional Investors (which may include Eligible Institutional Shareholders and ASX Brokers or NZX
Entitlement Offer                     Firms acting on behalf of retail clients) in the Institutional Bookbuild
                                 •    Any Premium achieved in the Institutional Bookbuild will be returned to renouncing and Ineligible Institutional Shareholders as detailed further in the Offer Document


1.   TERP is the theoretical price at which KMD shares trade immediately after the ex-date for the Offer. TERP is a theoretical calculation only and the actual price at which KMD shares trade on NZX immediately after the ex-date for the Offer will depend on many
     factors and may not be equal to TERP. TERP is calculated by reference to the last traded price of KMD shares on NZX on Wednesday, 25 March 2026 being the last trading day prior to the announcement of the Offer and includes all New Shares issued under the
     Placement and Entitlement Offer.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         36
EQUITY RAISING DETAILS (CONT.)

                      •   Eligible Retail Shareholders will be invited to take up their entitlement in the Retail Entitlement Offer
                      •   Eligible Retail Shareholders seeking to participate in the Retail Entitlement Offer will only be able to do so electronically and should visit the offer website for more details
                          (kmd.rightsoffer.co.nz)
                      •   Eligible Retail Shareholders who take up their entitlement in full may participate in the Retail Bookbuild by applying for additional New Shares in excess of their
Retail Entitlement
                          Entitlement
Offer
                      •   New Shares relating to entitlements not taken up will be offered to Institutional Investors (which may include Eligible Institutional Shareholders and ASX Brokers or NZX
                          Firms acting on behalf of retail clients) and Eligible Retail Shareholders in the Retail Bookbuild
                      •   Any Premium achieved in the Retail Bookbuild will be returned to renouncing and Ineligible Retail Shareholders as detailed further in the Offer Document. There will be
                          no entitlements trading on market and entitlements are not otherwise transferable

                      •   All Directors of KMD who are shareholders have confirmed they will participate in the Offer to maintain their pro rata shareholding. David Kirk and Philip Bowman have
Board participation
                          confirmed they will apply for at least twice the level of their pro rata entitlement in the AREO

Record date           •   7:00pm New Zealand time on Wednesday, 1 April 2026


Ranking               •   All new shares issued under the Offer will rank equally with existing KMD ordinary shares from date of issue


Underwriting          •   The Offer is fully underwritten




                                                                                                                                                                                                              37
EQUITY RAISING TIMETABLE
General                                                                                                                       Date
Announcement of Offer, and voluntary suspension continued on NZX and ASX                                                      Tuesday, 31 March 2026
Record date for the Offer                                                                                                     7:00pm NZDT (5:00pm AEDT) Wednesday, 1 April 2026
Placement and Institutional Entitlement Offer
Placement and Institutional Entitlement Offer opens                                                                           Tuesday, 31 March 2026
Placement and Institutional Entitlement Offer closes                                                                          Wednesday, 1 April 2026
Institutional Shortfall Bookbuild                                                                                             Wednesday, 1 April 2026
Voluntary suspension lifted – KMD shares will commence trading on NZX and ASX on an ex-entitlement basis                      Thursday, 2 April 2026
ASX Settlement of New Shares under the Placement and Institutional Entitlement Offer                                          Friday, 10 April 2026
ASX Allotment of New Shares under the Placement and Institutional Entitlement Offer                                           Monday, 13 April 2026
NZX Settlement and Allotment of New Shares under the Placement and Institutional Entitlement Offer                            Monday, 13 April 2026
Commencement of trading of New Shares issued under the Placement and Institutional Entitlement Offer on NZX and ASX           Monday, 13 April 2026
Retail Entitlement Offer
Record date                                                                                                                   7:00pm NZDT (5:00pm AEDT) Wednesday, 1 April 2026
A$ price announcement                                                                                                         Thursday, 2 April 2026
Retail Entitlement Offer opens                                                                                                Tuesday, 7 April 2026
Retail Entitlement Offer closes                                                                                               Thursday, 16 April 2026
Retail Shortfall Bookbuild (for retail entitlements not taken up and retail entitlements of ineligible retail shareholders)   Tuesday, 21 April 2026
ASX Settlement of New Shares under the Retail Entitlement Offer                                                               Monday, 27 April 2026
NZX Settlement and Allotment of New Shares under the Retail Entitlement Offer on NZX and ASX                                  Tuesday, 28 April 2026
Commencement of trading of New Shares issued under the Retail Entitlement Offer on NZX                                        Tuesday, 28 April 2026
Commencement of trading of New Shares issued under the Retail Entitlement Offer on ASX                                        Wednesday, 29 April 2026
Despatch of holding statements in respect of New Shares issued under the Retail Entitlement Offer                             By Wednesday, 29 April 2026


                                                                                                                                                                                  38
DEBT REFINANCING PROVIDING STABLE CAPITAL STRUCTURE

                            REFINANCED DEBT FACILITY PROVIDES FUNDING STABILITY FOR KMD BRANDS TO EXECUTE STRATEGY



                                           DEBT REFINANCING                                                                                                      OVERVIEW OF KEY TERMS

                                                                                   UP TO


                        ~$205M                                                   2.5
                                                         1
                                                                                                                                         Overview
                                                                                                                                         ▪    Debt facility of ~NZ$205m1
                               TOTAL DEBT                                         YEAR
                                CAPACITY                                        FACILITY                                                 ▪    ~NZ$40m tranche maturing 30 June 2027, with the balance of the facility maturing 1
                                                                                                                                              October 2028

     ✓        Refinanced debt facility provided by a majority of our
              existing syndicate to support KMD Next Level                                                                               Financial covenants
              strategy                                                                                                                   ▪    KMD sufficiency analysis supports FCCR and leverage covenants being met over the
                                                                                                                                              term of the debt facility while executing on the Next Level strategy


     ✓        Provides stability in KMD Brands funding                                                                                   Other key terms
                                                                                                                                         ▪    Full net proceeds of the Equity Raising will be applied in permanent repayment (and a
                                                                                                                                              corresponding and subsequent cancellation) of the existing facilities

              Expected to provide sufficient liquidity to execute on                                                                     ▪    New facilities subject to entry into definitive documentation (on the basis of an agreed
     ✓                                                                                                                                        term sheet) by 30 June 2026
              Next Level transformation and fund working capital

1.       Based on NZD / AUD exchange rate published by RBNZ as at 25 March 2026 and net offer proceeds of $62m. A$8.5m of the facility
         will be unavailable until key covenant milestones are met.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         39
CREATING A STRONGER KMD BRANDS

 1   KMD Brands has returned to growth under new leadership in 1H FY26


 2   Substantial progress achieved against strategic initiatives



 3
     Significant upside remains with improved capabilities supporting identified growth opportunities
     and stronger margins



 4
     High conviction in three pillars of strategy – 1) brand and product-led offence, 2) data-driven
     intelligence and 3) sustainable profitability



 5   Equity raise and bank facility refinancing to strengthen balance sheet and focus on ‘Next Level’
     execution



                                                                                                        40
                   Kathmandu’

       SECTION 5
       SECTION

       KEY RISKS
       KEY RISKS


                   RIPCURL<




KMD   BRANDS                    41
KEY RISKS
This section outlines the key risks that KMD has identified which are relevant to investors in the Offer. These risks may affect the future operating and financial performance of KMD and the KMD share
price. Like any investment, there are risks associated with an investment in KMD’s shares. Please note that this section does not (and does not purport to) set out all of the risks related to an investment in
KMD shares, the future operating or financial performance of KMD, the Offer or general market or industry risks. Some risks may be unknown and other risks, currently believed to be immaterial, could turn
out to be material.

Before deciding whether to invest in KMD shares, investors must make an independent assessment of the risks associated with the investment and should consider whether such an investment is suitable
for them, having regard to publicly available information (including this presentation), their personal circumstances and following consultation with a financial advisor or other professional advisor.

Capital sufficiency and banking support risk
KMD has undertaken a capital sufficiency modelling exercise to assist in determining the size of the Offer. Based on this model, KMD expects to have sufficient liquidity to execute its 'Next Level'
transformation strategy and to remove near-term funding and covenant pressures.

The Offer is also being conducted alongside refinancing of KMD's debt facilities. KMD has received commitments from members of its existing banking syndicate for a new bank debt facility, which is
conditional on receiving net proceeds of $50 million from an equity raising. The Offer is fully underwritten by Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and Forsyth Barr Group Limited (the Underwriters).
However, the underwriting agreement contains termination rights which are consistent with market practice for an offer of this nature. In certain circumstances, the Underwriters may terminate their
underwriting obligations under the underwriting agreement, in which case KMD may not receive the full amount of proceeds expected from the Offer, or the Offer may not proceed at all.

The events which may trigger termination of the underwriting agreement include events which are outside KMD's control, such as material adverse movements in financial markets, the occurrence of certain
hostilities or acts of terrorism, or a general moratorium on commercial banking activities. There is a risk that if the underwriting agreement is terminated or the Offer does not proceed or KMD raises less
than the amount sought, this may have a material adverse effect on KMD's financial position and ability to execute on its strategic objectives and KMD may not be able to access the new debt facility.

In addition, if KMD's financial performance deteriorates, there is a risk that KMD may breach its debt funding covenants or be unable to refinance its existing debt facilities on favourable terms, or at all.
Severe deterioration in macro-economic conditions could impact on the availability and/or utility of KMD's funding arrangements or otherwise impact upon KMD's liquidity.

A failure to secure or maintain adequate financing could limit KMD's ability to execute on its Next Level transformation strategy and could have a material adverse effect on KMD's financial position and
operations.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   42
KEY RISKS (CONT.)
Project execution risk
KMD is currently executing its 'Next Level' transformation strategy, which involves strategic projects including cost restructuring, store network optimisation, digital platform upgrades and supply chain
improvements. There is a risk that these strategic projects are not executed as planned, exceed budget or timetable, or do not meet their objectives.

The design and delivery of new products and improvements to existing products will be a key driver of KMD's success, and there is always a risk that development of a new product or product feature may
not be successful or may take longer or be more expensive than anticipated.

KMD has established a Project Management Office to define and maintain project management standards, which is expected to reduce the likelihood of project failure over time by ensuring projects are
executed consistently and efficiently. Notwithstanding these measures, a failure to successfully execute strategic projects could have a material adverse effect on KMD's ability to achieve its financial targets
and growth aspirations.

Foreign exchange and interest rate risk
KMD operates across multiple geographies and currencies, which exposes the business to foreign exchange risk. Movements in exchange rates may affect KMD's cost of goods sold, sales and reported
financial results. KMD also sources products and raw materials internationally, and adverse currency movements may increase purchasing costs. KMD is exposed to interest rate movements on its debt
facilities. Increases in interest rates could increase KMD's financing costs and reduce profitability.

KMD monitors and manages its foreign exchange rate and interest rate exposures through careful order management based on demand and ongoing assessment of market conditions. KMD also seeks to
hedge its exposure to movements in foreign exchange rates and interest rates through entering into various derivatives. Despite these measures, significant adverse movements in exchange rates or
interest rates could have a material adverse effect on KMD's financial performance, particularly given current global volatility and uncertainty.

Economic and market conditions
KMD operates in the retail sector, which is sensitive to changes in general economic conditions. Factors such as inflation, interest rate movements, unemployment levels, consumer confidence and
discretionary spending patterns may adversely affect demand for KMD's products. During periods of economic uncertainty or downturn, consumers may reduce spending on discretionary items, including
the products that KMD sells, which could result in reduced sales volumes and increased promotional activity to stimulate demand.

The current macroeconomic environment, including elevated interest rates, cost-of-living pressures and heightened geopolitical tensions (including current hostilities in the Middle East), may continue to
adversely impact consumer spending as well as KMD’s operating costs. There is a risk that these conditions persist or worsen, which could have a material adverse effect on KMD's sales, margins and
financial performance.

KMD has a strategic objective to increase the share of its business conducted through digital channels, rather than physical stores. There is a risk that KMD may not be able to transition to digital channels
as quickly as anticipated, which may expose KMD to inflationary pressures on the cost of operating physical stores for longer than expected. There is also a risk that inflationary pressures result in the
margins achieved through digital channels being below expectations due to increased transition and digital channel operating costs.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                     43
KEY RISKS (CONT.)
Supply chain complexity / logistics disruption
KMD faces the risk of inefficient, costly and delayed delivery of inventory or materials due to single points of failure across the supply chain, including major international suppliers and single country
distribution centres, or logistics complexities such as container shortages. There is a risk that geopolitical events may disrupt key trade routes and producing regions, leading to supply chain interruptions,
increased costs and potential shortages of essential goods. Tariffs and geopolitical instability across countries within the supply chain (including current hostilities in the Middle East) have materially
increased both the likelihood and impact of this risk.

KMD has implemented mitigants including diversification of suppliers (by geographic location and ownership structure), continued transition away from China sourcing where practicable, maintenance of
strong logistics relationships, and third-party logistics warehousing diversification to provide flexibility in stock movements. KMD has also introduced new resource capabilities with a focus on procurement,
planning and supply chain. KMD holds business interruption insurance, which provides some degree of protection against business disruption. KMD is currently in discussions with its insurers regarding a
claim under its business interruption insurance in relation to disruption to the business arising during COVID-19, the outcome of which is not yet known. Despite these measures, supply chain disruptions
could have a material adverse effect on KMD's operating and financial performance.

Asset sales risk
Part of the ‘Next Level’ strategy involves the ongoing assessment of non-core assets that do not provide advantage to the three core brands, which may include the potential sale of non-core assets. There
are risks associated with any sale of assets by KMD, regardless of whether any such sale is successfully completed. These risks include that KMD may be unable to agree acceptable terms with a
purchaser for any proposed sale of assets, that KMD may not realise a fair value for any assets sold, that the time required by KMD’s board and management to progress any asset sale may negatively
affect their ability to focus on executing the remainder of the ‘Next Level’ strategy and that KMD may remain liable for various pre completion liabilities and historical matters even if such asset sale is
completed. Any proposed sale of assets may remain subject to conditions and approvals, including shareholder approval where required by the NZX Listing Rules or Companies Act. There can therefore be
no assurance that any sale of assets will result in a value enhancing outcome for KMD and its shareholders. Any proposed sale of assets may result in KMD incurring costs, and may have a negative effect
on KMD’s financial position and performance.

The board has separately received unsolicited, tentative and preliminary interest from third parties (including Stokehouse) to acquire Rip Curl. No formal proposals or offers have been received and the
board has no present intention to sell any of KMD’s core brands. As announced to NZX and ASX on 24 March 2026, the board received a transaction concept for the demerger of Rip Curl into a standalone
listed company and subsequent acquisition of Stokehouse, which the board carefully evaluated and determined was not in the best interests of shareholders. In response to the board’s decision not to
engage, Paul Naude, CEO of Stokehouse, has indicated Stokehouse may present a proposal to acquire Rip Curl for an unspecified price which would purportedly exceed the current market capitalisation of
KMD, subject to due diligence. No such proposal has been received and the board is not minded to provide access to due diligence to Stokehouse given the price, terms and executability of any such
transaction by Stokehouse remains uncertain.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   44
KEY RISKS (CONT.)
Increased production costs or reduced access to key materials
KMD's sales and margins are exposed to movements in production costs, including materials, labour and factory costs. There is a risk of restricted availability of key resources and materials, which could
increase costs of production and impact lead times.

Geopolitical developments, including tariffs, have increased the financial impact of this risk by introducing additional fees and taxes on sourcing. Tariffs may also impact the sourcing of raw materials.

KMD has implemented mitigants including prebooking raw materials in advance, careful order management based on demand, close control of inventory orders, and ongoing monitoring of tariff impacts.
KMD is also considering moving certain sourcing away from affected regions and utilising external sourcing expertise. While these measures are in place, changes in the global trade environment or further
cost pressures could have a material adverse effect on KMD's operating and financial performance.

Cyber security and information systems availability
KMD relies on the performance, reliability and availability of its information technology, communication and other business systems. Cyber security threats to KMD's IT and eCommerce systems, including
DDoS attacks, malicious hacking, phishing, ransomware, theft and unauthorised disclosure, could lead to loss of core operating systems or data privacy and compliance breaches. The delivery of many of
KMD's products through digital platforms heightens the risk associated with cyber attacks or outages due to other causes, and the impact any disruption to information systems may have on the availability
of KMD's systems and services.

A cyber breach (whether by way of an external party or as a result of employee actions) could cause widespread operational and reputational damage. Recovery would be reputationally costly for KMD.

KMD has implemented controls including disaster recovery planning, system security measures, penetration testing and desktop exercises, multi-factor authentication, patch management, employee
training, and the removal of legacy systems. KMD has also established a Chief Information Security Officer role and implemented mandatory quarterly cyber training. Despite these measures, there is no
guarantee that KMD's systems will be protected from a cyber attack or other outages, and any such attack or outage could have a material adverse effect on KMD's reputation, financial performance and
operations.

Production quality issues
There is a risk of product quality or brand issues arising from supplier issues, including inconsistent quality, damage or defective products. In addition, outsourcing certain development and design
processes, while increasing speed and capacity, may introduce risks related to quality control.

KMD has implemented quality control and quality assurance processes, third-party inspections and maintains long-term relationships with suppliers. A failure to maintain product quality could result in
reputational damage, product returns or recalls, and/or financial recourse, which could have a material adverse effect on KMD's financial performance and brand reputation.




                                                                                                                                                                                                              45
KEY RISKS (CONT.)
Inventory management
KMD has an ambition to grow online sales; however, it is important that investment in stock keeps pace with order demand, which increases the risk to KMD's ability to effectively plan for emerging
opportunities.

KMD has implemented group oversight of inventory buying processes, clear financial guardrails, critical path processes, and a Sales & Operations Planning process supported by data reports to optimise
demand and supply planning. Notwithstanding these measures, ineffective inventory management could have a material adverse effect on KMD's operating and financial performance.

Misaligned pricing and channel appropriateness
There is a risk that ineffective product pricing strategies and channel appropriateness could result in diminished competitiveness and reduced profitability, leading to potential market share loss. In addition,
KMD's go-to-market uplift and markdown management, while intended to improve profitability, may risk loss of sales momentum if not executed effectively. Competitors in KMD's markets are engaging in
heavy price discounting, which may impact sales performance.

KMD has implemented mitigants including strategic pricing reviews, market and competitor analysis, channel profitability analysis, and a customer insights project supported by external agency expertise. A
failure to implement effective pricing and channel strategies could have a material adverse effect on KMD's operating and financial performance.

Lack of connection in marketing/product offering with consumer
There is a risk that KMD's brand purpose may not resonate or remain relevant with consumers, leading to a lack of perceived desirability, benefit or value in KMD's products. This disconnect, whether due to
ineffective marketing or unmet customer expectations, could result in diminished sales and loss of market share. The retail industry is experiencing challenges, requiring KMD to keep adapting and
innovating. Everchanging expectations of retail brands have increased the likelihood of brand reputation risk.

KMD has implemented mitigants including brand health monitoring and customer insights surveys, focus on innovative products and customer experience to ensure ongoing brand relevance, a customer
insights project supported by external agency expertise, and investment in store segmentation and 'Store of the Future' concepts. A failure to maintain consumer connection could have a material adverse
effect on KMD's sales and financial performance.

Personnel risk
KMD's success depends on its ability to attract and recruit the right talent, upskill staff, and retain key employees with critical knowledge, experience, skills and intellectual property. The loss of key senior
executive personnel or an inability to attract and retain qualified employees could disrupt KMD's operations and adversely affect its ability to execute on its strategic objectives. This risk is heightened during
periods of organisational change. KMD has implemented retention and succession planning strategies and invests in employee engagement initiatives. Notwithstanding these measures, a failure to retain
key personnel or attract suitable replacements could have a material adverse effect on KMD's operations and financial performance.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                       46
                                                                                                                  2955
                                                                             2000

                 +*   +       +    “a      +    “

KMD BRANDS                                                                                                        er                                       -
                                                          b [o} 13)                                                                       Pa
                 +    +       +    +       “a   +                                                                                -
                                                                                                                         —                                 272
                                                                                                              1278
                                                                                  971                —
                 +*   +       +    +*      +    +                                          paa

                                                                             a“                           1309
                                                                    a“
                                                          a“                                                                                               24!
                 +*   +*      +*   +*      +    +*                                                990

                                                                                                                         932

                 *    *       +*   +*      *    *                                995




                                   *       ®    ®                                                                        1207
                 +*   *       *


APPENDIX AA
APPENDIX         +    *       *    ®       ®    4
                                                          _
                                                                                                                                                               13
                                                                                                     1149




ADDITIONAL
                 +*   *       k        .   a    a                                                                                                              “


ADDITI  NAL                                                                                                                                            '
                                                                                                                                              Pa
                                                                                                                                     oo
                                                                                                                             “
                                                                                                                     —




1H FY26
   FY26 DETAIL
        DETAIL
                 +    *       t        X   “    >
                                                                                                         Lc                                   1434

1H                                                                                               ;
                                                                                            —

                                                                                       —

                 4    v       “        y   ~    >                        _
                                                               a4
                                                      a



                 ¥        y   gv   ‘*      on   >                                                        1463
                                                                                                                                                               19
                                                     1234

                 ™    >       >|   >       ~~   >



                                                                                                                   1077
                 >    >       >    “       ot   *               649



                 >»   >       >    “       >    »>                                                                                        2835
                                                                             1554                                                                          _
                                                                                                                                                   a
                                                                                                                                          —
                                                                                                                                 —

                 >    >       >    an      >    >                                                                  “7
                                                                                                              =
                                                                                                         —
                                                                                                     a



                                                                                           7                                                           3000
                 >    a       >    >       >    >                            _                           2794
                                                                “_



                                                      a“                                                                     3133

                 >    >       >    >       >    >
                                                                                           1608


                                                                         2118
                                                                                                                                          2233
                                                                                                                                          47
STATUTORY TO UNDERLYING PROFIT AND LOSS

     GROUP                                                                                   1H FY26                                                                                          1H FY25
                                                                                                       SaaS              Amortisation of                                                                 SaaS         Amortisation of
                                                                 IFRS 16                            Capitalisation         Customer                                  IFRS 16                         Capitalisation     Customer
     NZ $m                                       Statutory                                                                                 Underlying    Statutory                                                                      Underlying
                                                                 Leases 1        Restructuring 2
                                                                                                    Adjustments 3        Relationships 4                             Leases 1       Restructuring2   Adjustments 3    Relationships 4

     SALES                                          505.4                    -                 -                     -                -       505.4        470.9                -                -                -                -       470.9
     GROSS PROFIT                                   287.1                    -                 -                     -                -       287.1        273.0                -                -                -                -       273.0
     Gross margin                                    56.8%                                                                                     56.8%        58.0%                                                                           58.0%

     OPERATING EXPENSES                            (223.8)            (57.4)                3.4                   2.2                 -      (275.6)      (220.3)        (52.0)               2.2              0.9                 -      (269.1)
     % of Sales                                      44.3%                                                                                     54.5%        46.8%                                                                           57.2%

     EBITDA                                           63.3            (57.4)                3.4                   2.2                 -         11.5        52.7         (52.0)               2.2              0.9                 -          3.9
     EBITDA margin %                                 12.5%                                                                                      2.3%        11.2%                                                                            0.8%

     EBIT                                             (1.7)           (11.8)                3.4                   2.2               1.6        (6.4)       (12.7)         (5.8)               2.2              0.9               2.1       (13.3)
     EBIT margin %                                    -0.3%                                                                                     -1.3%       -2.7%                                                                            -2.8%

     NPAT                                           (13.1)              (3.5)               2.4                   1.5               1.1       (11.5)       (20.7)           0.9               1.6              0.6               1.5       (16.1)




1.      Statutory results include the impact of IFRS 16 leases. The impact of IFRS 16 is excluded from Underlying results.
2.      Restructuring and organisational change was undertaken in 1H FY25 and 1H FY26. These one-off costs have been excluded from Underlying results.
3.      IFRIC Software as a Service (“SaaS”) capitalisation adjustments have been excluded from Underlying results.
4.      Notional amortisation of Rip Curl and Oboz customer relationships are excluded from Underlying results.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     48
SEGMENT NOTE
                                                                                                1H FY26                                                                  1H FY25                                 1H

     SALES (NZ $'000)                                            Rip Curl       Kathmandu          Oboz        Corporate          Total      Rip Curl        Kathmandu    Oboz       Corporate    Total
     SALES per segment note                                       291,423         176,072          37,953                    -   505,448      278,487         156,831     35,627             -   470,945

     SALES (Underlying)                                           291,423         176,072          37,953                    -   505,448      278,487         156,831     35,627             -   470,945
     EBITDA (NZ $'000)                                           Rip Curl       Kathmandu          Oboz        Corporate          Total      Rip Curl        Kathmandu    Oboz       Corporate    Total
     EBITDA per segment note                                        43,226          29,023           (947)         (8,006)        63,296        45,281         15,848     (2,223)      (6,168)    52,738
     IFRS 16 Leases1                                              (24,690)        (32,430)           (293)                   -   (57,413)     (23,023)        (28,704)      (264)            -   (51,991)
     Restructuring2                                                  1,969           1,042             178             228         3,416         1,318             37        250          639      2,244
     SaaS Capitalisation Adjustments3                                       -              -               -         2,165         2,165                 -           -           -        875        875
     Amortisation of Customer Relationships4                             -               -               -               -             -             -               -          -            -         -
     EBITDA (Underlying)                                            20,505         (2,365)         (1,062)         (5,613)        11,465        23,576        (12,819)    (2,237)      (4,654)     3,866
     EBIT (NZ $'000)                                             Rip Curl       Kathmandu          Oboz        Corporate          Total      Rip Curl        Kathmandu    Oboz       Corporate    Total
     EBIT per segment note                                          11,853         (4,185)         (1,319)         (8,096)        (1,747)       15,278        (18,727)    (3,012)      (6,250)   (12,711)
     IFRS 16 Leases1                                               (4,796)         (7,027)             (16)                  -   (11,839)      (2,561)         (3,347)        61             -    (5,847)
     Restructuring2                                                  1,969           1,042             178             228         3,416         1,318             37        250          639      2,244
     SaaS Capitalisation Adjustments3                                       -              -               -         2,165         2,165                 -           -           -        875        875
     Amortisation of Customer Relationships4                         1,521               -             106               -          1,627        2,024               -        104            -      2,128
     EBIT (Underlying)                                              10,547        (10,170)         (1,051)         (5,703)        (6,378)       16,059        (22,037)    (2,597)      (4,736)   (13,311)

1.      Statutory results include the impact of IFRS 16 leases. The impact of IFRS 16 is excluded from Underlying results.
2.      Restructuring and organisational change was undertaken in 1H FY25 and 1H FY26. These one-off costs have been excluded from Underlying results.
3.      IFRIC Software as a Service (“SaaS”) capitalisation adjustments have been excluded from Underlying results.
4.      Notional amortisation of Rip Curl and Oboz customer relationships are excluded from Underlying results.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            49
BALANCE SHEET

Balance Sheet (NZ $m)                       Jan 26    Jan 25     Jul 25


Inventories                                  274.1     303.7     254.0
Property, plant and equipment                 74.4      83.6      75.3
Right of Use Asset (IFRS 16)                 246.5     261.6     243.0
Intangible assets                            647.9     671.1     626.1
Other assets                                 111.4     124.8     118.0
Total assets (excl. cash)                   1,354.3   1,444.8   1,316.4

Net interest bearing liabilities and cash    (94.0)    (76.2)    (52.8)
Lease Liability (IFRS 16)                   (287.9)   (293.2)   (287.8)
Other non-current liabilities                (97.9)   (105.9)    (94.4)
Current liabilities                         (185.2)   (190.8)   (191.5)
Total liabilities (net of cash)             (665.0)   (666.1)   (626.5)

Net assets                                   689.3     778.7     689.9




                                                                          50
CONSTANT CURRENCY PROFIT & LOSS

                                                                                                 Underlying
 KMD BRANDS                                        Underlying1
                                                                                            at Constant Currency2
 NZ $m3                              1H FY26         1H FY25           Var %          1H FY26        1H FY25           Var %

 SALES                                 505.4           470.9            7.3%            488.4           470.9           3.7%

 GROSS PROFIT                          287.1           273.0            5.2%            277.2           273.0           1.5%
 Gross margin                          56.8%           58.0%                            56.8%           58.0%

 OPERATING EXPENSES                   (275.6)         (269.1)           2.4%           (266.5)         (269.1)         (1.0%)
 % of Sales                            54.5%           57.2%                            54.6%           57.2%


 EBITDA                                 11.5             3.9          196.6%            10.6             3.9           171.8%
 EBITDA margin %                        2.3%            0.8%                            2.2%            0.8%


 EBIT                                   (6.4)          (13.3)          52.1%            (6.6)          (13.3)          50.4%
 EBIT margin %                         -1.3%            -2.8%                           -1.3%           -2.8%


 NPAT                                  (11.5)          (16.1)          28.4%           (11.6)          (16.1)          28.0%




1.   Statutory results include the impact of IFRS 16 leases. The impacts of IFRS 16, restructuring, software as a service
     accounting, the notional amortisation of customer relationships, impairment and onerous contracts have been excluded
     from Underlying results. Refer to Appendix A for a reconciliation of Statutory to Underlying results.
2.   Constant Currency Underlying results are calculated by consolidating 1H FY26 global local currency Underlying results at
     1H FY25 FX conversion rates.
3.   1H FY26 NZD/AUD conversion rate 0.881 (1H FY25 0.909), 1H FY26 NZD/USD conversion rate 0.581 (1H FY25 0.595).




                                                                                                                                51
                                                                                                                   2955
                                                                              2000

                     +    +       +    “       +    “
KMD BRANDS                                                                                                         a                                       -
                                                              1086                                                                          a
                     +    +       +    +       “”   +                                                                              -
                                                                                                                           —                               272
                                                                                                               1278
                                                                                     971              —
                     +    +       +    +*      +    +                                         aa

                                                                              a“                           1309
                                                                        a“
                                                              a“                                                                                           24!
                     +*   +*      +    +       «    +*                                               990

                                                                                                                           932

                     *    *       +*   +*      *    *                             995




                                       *       ®    ®                                                                      1207
                     +*   *       *


APPENDIX BB
APPENDIX             +    *       *    ®       %    4
                                                              _
                                                                                                                                                               1%
                                                                                                      1149




SELLING
                     +*   *       k        .   a    a                                                                                                          “
                                                                                                                                                 Pa
                                                                                                                                       oo
                                                                                                                               “
                                                                                                                       —


                     +    *                    or   >


RESTRICTIONS
                                  t        X                                                             Lc                                  1434
                                                                                              —



             :   ;   rs   s       “        .   ™    >                        a
                                                                                          —



                                                                   a4
                                                          a



                     +        \   y    —       -    —                                                    1463
                                                                                                                                                            19
                                                         1234

                     ™    >       >|   >       >    >



                                                                                                                    1077
                     >    >       >    or      on   on              649



                     >    >       >    orn     >    >                                                                                       2835
                                                                               1554                                                                        -
                                                                                                                                                      wn
                                                                                                                                            ca
                                                                                                                                   —

                     >    >       >    an      >    >                                                               “7
                                                                                                               =
                                                                                                           —
                                                                                                     a



                                                                                              7                                                        3000
                     >    a       >    »>      »>   ad                        »     aoa                  2794
                                                                    “_



                                                              —                                                                Bey
                                                                                                                                 kc i J

                     »>   >       >    >       >    >
                                                                                              1608


                                                                             2118
                                                                                                                                             2233
                                                                                                                                            52
SELLING RESTRICTIONS
This document does not constitute an offer of New Shares of the Company in any jurisdiction in which it would be unlawful. In particular, this document may not be distributed to any person, and the New
Shares may not be offered or sold, in any country outside Australia and New Zealand except to the extent permitted below.

HONG KONG
WARNING: This document has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus under the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong, nor has it been
authorised by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of the Laws of Hong Kong (the SFO).

No action has been taken in Hong Kong to authorise or register this document or to permit the distribution of this document or any documents issued in connection with it. Accordingly, the New Shares have
not been and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong other than to "professional investors" (as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that ordinance).

No advertisement, invitation or document relating to the New Shares has been or will be issued, or has been or will be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue, in Hong Kong or elsewhere
that is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to New
Shares that are or are intended to be issued or sold only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to professional investors.

No person allotted New Shares may sell, or offer to sell, such securities in circumstances that amount to an offer to the public in Hong Kong within six months following the date of issue of such securities.
The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any Hong Kong regulatory authority. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in doubt about any contents of this
document, you should obtain independent professional advice.

NORWAY
This document has not been, and will not be, registered with or approved by Finanstilsynet (the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway) and it does not constitute a prospectus under the Prospectus
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the Prospectus Regulation) or the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75. Accordingly, this document may not be made available, nor may the
New Shares be offered for sale, directly or indirectly, in Norway other than under circumstances that are exempted from the prospectus requirements under the Prospectus Regulation and the Norwegian
Securities Trading Act. Any offering of New Shares in Norway is limited to persons who are "qualified investors" as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Only such persons may receive this document and
they may not distribute it or the information contained in it to any other person.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   53
SELLING RESTRICTIONS (CONT.)
SINGAPORE
This document and any other materials relating to the New Shares have not been, and will not be, lodged or registered as a prospectus in Singapore with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly,
this document and any other document or materials in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of New Shares, may not be issued, circulated or distributed, nor may the
New Shares be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore except (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in
Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in
Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. This document has been given to you on the basis that you are (i) an "institutional investor" or
(ii) an "accredited investor". In the event that you are not an investor falling within any of the categories set out above, please return this document immediately. You may not forward or circulate this
document to any other person in Singapore. Any offer is not made to you with a view to the New Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. There are on-sale restrictions in Singapore
that may be applicable to investors who acquire the New Shares. As such, investors are advised to acquaint themselves with the SFA provisions relating to resale restrictions in Singapore and comply
accordingly.

UNITED KINGDOM
Neither this document nor any other document relating to the offer has been delivered for approval to the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom and no prospectus (within the meaning of the
Public Offers and Admissions to Trading Regulations 2024 (the POATRs) and Prospectus Rules: Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market sourcebook of the FCA Handbook) has been published or is
intended to be published in respect of the New Shares.

This document is issued on a confidential basis to "qualified investors" (as defined in paragraph 15 of the Schedule 1 to the POATRs) in the United Kingdom, and the New Shares may not be offered or sold
in the United Kingdom by means of this document, any accompanying letter or any other document, except in circumstances falling within an exemption set out in Schedule 1 to the POATRs. This
document should not be distributed, published or reproduced, in whole or in part, nor may its contents be disclosed by recipients to any other person in the United Kingdom.

Any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA)) received in connection with the issue
or sale of the New Shares has only been communicated or caused to be communicated and will only be communicated or caused to be communicated in the United Kingdom in circumstances in which
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Company.

In particular, this document is being distributed only to, and is directed at, persons who are qualified investors (as specified above) (i) who have professional experience in matters relating to investments
falling within Article 19(5) (investment professionals) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotions) Order 2005 (FPO), (ii) who fall within the categories of persons referred to in
Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the FPO or (iii) to whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated (together Relevant Persons). The investment to
which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      54
