Disclaimer

This is a PDF version of the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021 and is an exact
copy of the printed document provided to Unilever’s shareholders.

The Annual Report and Accounts 2021 was filed with the National Storage
Mechanism and the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets in European Single
Electronic Format, including a human readable XHMTL version of the Annual Report
and Accounts 2021 (the ESEF Format). The Annual Report and Accounts 2021 in ESEF
Format is also available on Unilever’s website at www.unilever.com. Only the Annual
Report and Accounts 2021 in ESEF Format is the official version for purposes of the
ESEF Regulation.

Certain sections of the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021 have been audited.
These are on pages 114 to 166, and those parts noted as audited within the Directors’
Remuneration Report on pages 84 to 104.

The maintenance and integrity of the Unilever website is the responsibility of the
Directors; the work carried out by the auditors does not involve consideration of these
matters. Accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for any changes that may
have occurred to the financial statements since they were initially placed on the
website.

Legislation in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands governing the preparation
and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other
jurisdictions. Except where you are a shareholder, this material is provided for
information purposes only and is not, in particular, intended to confer any legal rights
on you.

This Annual Report and Accounts does not constitute an invitation to invest in
Unilever shares. Any decisions you make in reliance on this information are solely
your responsibility.

The information is given as of the dates specified, is not updated, and any forward-
looking statements are made subject to the reservations specified in the cautionary
statement on the inside back cover of this PDF.

Unilever accepts no responsibility for any information on other websites that may be
accessed from this site by hyperlinks.
Purpose-led,
future-fit




Unilever Annual Report
and Accounts 2021
Making sustainable living commonplace
We make household brands used by
3.4 billion consumers every day.
We are 148,000 people working in factories,
labs, offices and homes around the world.
We are determined to prove that our
purpose-led, future-fit business model
delivers superior performance.
We are Unilever.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                  1



In this report




                                                                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT – INTRODUCING UNILEVER
    Strategic Report
Pages 2-13                                                   Pages 14-66
Introducing Unilever                                         Review of the year
2      At a glance                                           15      Shareholders
4      Chair's introduction                                  18      Our people
6      Chief Executive Officer's review                      20      Consumers
8      Our strategy                                          25      Customers
12     Our business model                                    27      Suppliers & business partners
                                                             29      Planet & society
                                                             32      Our performance
                                                             36      Financial review
                                                             44      Our risks
                                                             51      Additional non-financial information
                                                                       - Climate change disclosures
                                                                       - Other non-financial disclosures

    Governance Report                                         Financial Statements
Pages 67-104                                                 Pages 105-198
Running a responsible                                        Our full financial results
and effective business                                       and notes for the year
68     Corporate governance                                  106     Statement of Directors' responsibilities
78     Report of the Audit Committee                         107     Independent Auditor's Report
80     Report of the Corporate Responsibility Committee      114     Consolidated financial statements
82     Report of the Nominating and Corporate                118     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
       Governance Committee
                                                             167     Unilever PLC Company Accounts and notes
84     Directors' Remuneration Report                        176     Group Companies
                                                             187     Shareholder information
                                                             188     Additional Information for US Listing Purposes

    Online                                                     About this Annual Report

You can find more information about Unilever online at
                                                             Unilever Annual Report and
                                                             Accounts 2021
www.unilever.com                                             This document is made up of the Strategic Report, the Governance Report,
                                                             the Financial Statements and Notes, and Additional Information for US
                                                             Listing Purposes.
The Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021 (and the        The Unilever Group consists of Unilever PLC (PLC) together with the companies
                                                             it controls. The terms 'Unilever', the 'Group', 'we', 'our' and 'us' refer to the Unilever
Additional Information for US Listing Purposes) along with   Group.
other relevant documents can be downloaded at                Our Strategic Report on pages 2 to 66, contains information about us, how we
www.unilever.com/ara2021/downloads                           create value and how we run our business. It includes our strategy, business
                                                             model, market outlook and key performance indicators, as well as our approach to
                                                             sustainability and risk. The Strategic Report is only part of the Annual Report and
For more on our sustainability commitments                   Accounts 2021. The Strategic Report has been approved by the Board and signed on
www.unilever.com/planet-and-society                          its behalf by Ritva Sotamaa – Group Secretary.
                                                             Our Governance Report on pages 67 to 104 contains detailed corporate governance
                                                             information, our Committee reports and how we remunerate our Directors.
                                                             Our Financial Statements and Notes are on pages 105 to 175.
                                                             Pages 1 to 187 constitute the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021, which we
                                                             may also refer to as ‘this Annual Report and Accounts' throughout this document.
                                                             The Directors' Report of PLC on pages 67 to 83, 106 (Statement of Directors'
                                                             responsibilities), 136 (Dividends on ordinary capital), 149 to 155 (Treasury Risk
                                                             Management), 175 (Post balance sheet events) and 186 (Branch disclosure) has
                                                             been approved by the PLC Board and signed on its behalf by Ritva Sotamaa – Group
                                                             Secretary.
                                                             Pages 188 to 198 are included as Additional Information for US Listing Purposes.
2                                                                                                            Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



At a glance

                                                                                A truly global business
                                                                                Our brands are available in around 190 countries

                                                                                3.4bn people use our products every day               (a)



                                                                                58% of turnover in emerging markets




Strong brands with purpose
Our 400+ brands are on a mission to offer superior
products while doing good for people and planet

13 brands with turnover of over €1bn in 2021
13 of the top 50 consumer goods brands                            (b)


Read more about our brands and consumers on pages 20 to 24




                                                                                  Powered by our people
                                                                                  Our purposeful and inclusive culture attracts the
                                                                                  best talent in our markets

                                                                                  52/48      gender balance management
                                                                                  (female/male)(c)

                                                                                  148,000 employees
                                                                                  92% of our leaders in markets are local            (d)


                                                                                  Read more about our people on pages 18 to 19




Using our scale for good
Our leading sustainability agenda is delivering significant impact

64% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions since 2015
53% of our plastic packaging is reusable, recyclable or compostable
€445m spend with diverse businesses owned by under-
represented groups
Read more about planet & society on pages 29 to 31




(a) Based on a Europanel 2021 project (in partnership with Kantar & GfK). Includes consumers who use
    at least one Unilever product every day.
(b) Based on market penetration and consumer interactions (Kantar Brand Footprint report 2021).
(c) Based on a total management population of 16,787 Unilever employees.
(d) Leaders defined as all managers up to senior management reporting to ULE.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                           3




                                                                                                                                                                       STRATEGIC REPORT – INTRODUCING UNILEVER
Beauty & Personal Care
Turnover     €21.9bn
What we stand for:
To be the most positive beauty business
in the world for people and the planet

Our largest categories:
Skin cleansing, Hair care, Deodorants,
Skin care




                                                                                                 Foods & Refreshment
                                                                                                 Turnover €20.0bn
                                                                                                 What we stand for:
                                                                                                 To be a world-class force for good in food

                                                                                                 Our largest categories:
                                                                                                 Ice cream, Savoury, Dressings, Tea




Home Care
Turnover €10.6bn
What we stand for:
Making people's homes a better world,
and our world a better home

Our largest categories:
Fabric solutions, Home and hygiene

Read more about our Divisions on pages 20 to 24




2021 financial highlights
   Turnover                                              Operating margin                                     Dividends paid

   €52.4bn
   2020: €50.7bn
                                                         16.6%
                                                         2020: 16.4%
                                                                                                              €4.5bn
                                                                                                              2020: €4.3bn
   Underlying                                            Underlying
   sales growth(a)                                       operating margin(a)                                  Free cash flow(a)

   4.5%
   2020: 1.9%
                                                         18.4%
                                                         2020: 18.5%
                                                                                                              €6.4bn
                                                                                                              2020: €7.7bn

For more detail, see our Financial review on pages 36 to 43
(a) Underlying sales growth, underlying operating margin and free cash flow are non-GAAP measures. For further information about these measures, and the reasons
    why we believe they are important for an understanding of the performance of the business, please refer to our commentary on non-GAAP measures on pages 39
    to 43.
4                                                                                           Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Chair's introduction


Performance                                                         of Unilever’s Tea business, for €4.5 billion, which is expected
                                                                    to complete in the second half of 2022. Selective disposals of
Unilever’s operating performance improved in 2021, with the
                                                                    brands and assets will continue to play a role going forwards.
company recording its fastest year-on-year underlying sales
growth for nine years, at 4.5%. Underlying operating profit         The Board also expects the new organisation to support
also increased, by 2.9%. This represented a good outcome in         growth over the coming years. Having reviewed the changes,
what were unusually difficult trading conditions. Spiralling        the Board is confident they will help make Unilever a simpler,
cost inflation presented the biggest challenge and impacted         faster and more accountable business, and at lower cost.
underlying operating margin, which was down 10bps,
although the company’s determined response in landing
                                                                    Board composition and succession
customer price increases certainly helped to limit the impact.
This ability to raise prices in a tough, inflationary environment   During the year, the Board appointed Adrian Hennah and
is testament to the strength and quality of Unilever’s brands.      Ruby Lu as independent Non-Executive Directors, both
                                                                    appointments took effect from 1 November 2021. Adrian joined
Unilever’s business is benefiting from the focus and investment
                                                                    the Board after a long and successful executive career, most
being put behind its five Compass strategic choices – see
                                                                    recently in the consumer goods sector. Adrian’s extensive
pages 8 to 9. The Board was particularly encouraged to see
                                                                    financial experience, gained from CFO positions with leading
Unilever’s top 13 brands – each with a turnover in excess of
                                                                    UK-based businesses, together with his deep industry
€1 billion – grow in aggregate last year by 6.4%, well above the
                                                                    knowledge, is a major asset to the Board. The Board will also
company average. These brands account for 50% of Unilever’s
                                                                    benefit enormously from Ruby Lu’s appointment. Ruby is a
total turnover. The focus behind key long-term growth markets
                                                                    venture capitalist with a long and successful track record of
is also driving improved results, with strong performances last
                                                                    investing in start-up businesses in China and the US, markets
year in the US, India and China. Together, these markets now
                                                                    she knows very well.
represent 36% of Unilever’s turnover.
                                                                    Following the 2021 AGM, Youngme Moon stood down from
The good operating performance in 2021 was the main driver
                                                                    her role as Senior Independent Director (SID). I want to thank
of earnings growth, with earnings per share (EPS) up by 5.5%.
                                                                    Youngme for the valuable contribution she made in that role.
Following the completion of the programme to buy back               Equally, I am delighted that Andrea Jung was appointed to
shares with an aggregate market value equivalent to                 succeed Youngme as SID. Andrea also took over as Chair
€3 billion, the company announced a further €3 billion              of the Compensation Committee, in February 2021, when
programme of share buybacks, which we expect to see                 Vittorio Colao stepped down from the Board to join the Italian
completed over 2022 and 2023.                                       government as Minister for Technological Innovation and
                                                                    Digital Transition.

Portfolio
The Board is convinced that the continued evolution of
Unilever’s portfolio into higher growth spaces is key to
accelerating the company’s long-term growth profile and
in delivering enhanced value to shareholders. To that end,
unifying the Group’s legal structure in 2020 was an important
milestone in allowing the Board to consider a wider range
of strategic options, including scope for larger and more
transformative acquisitions.

It was in this context that the Board viewed a possible
acquisition of GSK Consumer Health as one route to
accelerate Unilever’s presence in a very attractive part of the
market. However, while there was some recognition among
shareholders of the strategic merits of pursuing such a move,
many voiced their strong opposition to the size and timing
of such a deal. Consequently, and having listened closely to
shareholder concerns, the Board and management of the
company have made clear that we do not intend to pursue
similar large-scale acquisitions in the foreseeable future.

Instead, the focus will be on improving Unilever’s value
creation through accelerated organic growth – driven by
the five Compass strategic choices. We will also continue
to strengthen the portfolio through the kind of bolt-on
acquisitions that have enabled Unilever to build fast-growing
businesses in Prestige beauty and Functional nutrition. As part
of strengthening the portfolio, last year we announced the sale
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                5




                                                                    Further detail on the evaluation process this year, together




                                                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT – INTRODUCING UNILEVER
                                                                    with the Board’s remit, operations and the topics regularly
                                                                    discussed by the Board can be found in the Governance
                                                                    section on pages 67 to 83.


    "Unilever’s business is                                         Remuneration
    undoubtedly benefiting                                          During 2021, we continued to consult with shareholders on

    from the focus and                                              our Remuneration Policy and were pleased at the 2021 AGM to
                                                                    receive your strong support for the implementation of a reward
    investment being put                                            framework based on a new Performance Share Plan, delinked
                                                                    from the annual bonus. The new Policy seeks to improve the
    behind its five Compass                                         overall effectiveness of Unilever’s incentives by helping drive

    strategic choices."                                             sustainable long-term growth and enabling the Compensation
                                                                    Committee to set stretching but achievable performance
                                                                    targets over realistic timeframes. Further information on the
    Nils Andersen
                                                                    Policy can be found on page 84.
    Chair

                                                                    Looking ahead
                                                                    Trading conditions will undoubtedly be challenging
                                                                    throughout 2022 as the world continues to come through
                                                                    the effects of the Covid pandemic and all the consequent
The 2022 AGM will mark the retirement of both Laura Cha and         economic aftershocks – and in particular, extraordinarily high
John Rishton as Non-Executive Directors having both served for      levels of cost inflation. Unilever is well prepared to meet these
nine years. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank them      challenges through a combination of customer prices and the
for their much-valued contribution to Unilever.                     delivery of cost savings, which will help to mitigate inflationary
                                                                    impacts on the business. Moreover, the company enters 2022
                                                                    with good momentum, and with a clear set of strategic choices
Corporate Governance
                                                                    that the Board is confident will help deliver another positive
Tackling climate change is a key priority for the Group and         year of top-line growth for Unilever.
we were pleased to put our Climate Transition Action Plan
                                                                    Against a particularly challenging backdrop, Unilever
(CTAP) to shareholders for an advisory vote at the 2021 AGM.
                                                                    delivered a good set of results for 2021. This could not have
The plan sets out our climate strategy, defines our net zero
                                                                    been achieved without the efforts of the 148,000 people
and emission reduction goals, and sets out the actions we
                                                                    who make up this great company, some of whom it was
intend to take to meet them. The plan also describes how the
                                                                    a privilege to spend time with over the last year, albeit in
company is integrating climate change considerations into its
                                                                    most cases virtually. Their hard work, ingenuity and integrity
products and brands, as well as the role that advocacy and
                                                                    have once again shone through and on behalf of the
partnership can play in meeting goals. This was the first time a
                                                                    Board, I want to thank them for everything they have done,
global company of our size voluntarily put its climate transition
                                                                    and continue to do, for Unilever. I also want to thank and
plans before a shareholder vote, and we were delighted
                                                                    acknowledge our shareholders and other stakeholders for
to see it receive overwhelming backing, with over 99% of
                                                                    their continued support.
shareholders voting in favour. Work remains to be done but we
do believe that the CTAP can help Unilever make an important
contribution to tackling climate change while growing our
brands. Read more about our progress in the CTAP Progress
Report on pages 51 to 56.                                             Section 172 statement
Regular Board evaluation is an important element in
maintaining high standards of corporate governance and                Under Section 172 of the UK Companies Act 2006 (‘Section
Board effectiveness. In 2021, the Board conducted a thorough          172’) directors must act in the way that they consider, in
internal evaluation exercise. The results, which were reviewed        good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of
at the November 2021 Board meeting, confirmed that the                their company. In doing so, our Directors must have regard
Board continues to perform effectively and with a high degree         to stakeholders and the other matters set out in Section 172.
of Director engagement.                                               Pages 63 and 69 to 71 comprise our Section 172 statement.
                                                                      Page 63 of our Strategic Report identifies our key stakeholders
In addition to our six planned Board meetings, three                  and provides examples of how the business engaged them
additional meetings were held in 2021 to consider the Group’s         during 2021, with cross references to the stakeholder review
portfolio and the growth opportunities within it. Non-Executive       section for more detail. Pages 69 to 71 of our Governance
Directors also attended 14 virtual employee engagement                Report details how our Directors have taken steps to
events during the year across a wide range of the workforce.          understand the needs and priorities of these stakeholders
In addition, Andrea Jung attended a global town hall webcast          when setting Unilever’s strategy and taking decisions
in July 2021, providing an opportunity for all employees to           concerning the business, including by direct engagement or
engage with one of our Board members.                                 via their delegated committees and forums. The relevance of
The evaluation and Board engagements also re-affirmed the             each stakeholder group may vary depending on the matter
Board’s focus on growth and portfolio strategy evolution as           at hand.
keys to unlocking value in Unilever.
6                                                                                             Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Chief Executive Officer's review


Context                                                              Our five strategic choices
2021 was another turbulent year for the world economy and            One of the most encouraging aspects of our growth in 2021
for global markets. Output rebounded strongly, if unevenly,          was the extent to which it followed the five Compass strategic
after the sharp Covid-related declines of 2020. However,             choices we called out a year ago. These choices sit at the heart
surging demand, triggered by significant fiscal and monetary         of our strategy for value creation – see pages 8 to 9.
stimulus, gave rise to widespread labour shortages, supply
                                                                     The first of these is winning with brands and innovation,
bottlenecks and soaring energy costs, stoking significant
                                                                     ensuring that our top brands deliver superior performance.
inflationary pressures.
                                                                     Today, we have 13 brands with sales in excess of €1 billion.
For Unilever, this steep rise in input cost inflation was one        Together they make up over half of our total turnover. Last
of the defining features of the year, impacting each of our          year, they grew in aggregate by 6.4%. This included some
product categories.                                                  particularly strong individual performances. Dove, for
                                                                     example, grew by 8%, its best performance in eight years;
                                                                     Hellmann’s grew 11%; and our Ice Cream brands Magnum and
Performance 2021                                                     Ben & Jerry’s each grew 7%.
Against this challenging backdrop, we delivered a strong set
                                                                     Behind the success of these brands is product superiority and
of results in 2021. Underlying sales growth of 4.5% represented
                                                                     great innovation and we continue to step up our performance
Unilever’s fastest year-on-year growth in nine years, well
                                                                     in both areas. Product superiority in tests versus Unilever’s
into the upper end of our 3-5% multi-year framework. We
                                                                     competition is now over 70% of tested turnover, up from less
responded to rising input costs with pricing actions, delivering
                                                                     than 50% in 2019, and our focus on driving bigger, better
underlying price growth of 2.9% for the year. While never easy,
                                                                     and more impactful innovation delivered over €1 billion of
raising customer prices in response to inflationary pressures is
                                                                     incremental turnover in 2021, double the delivery in 2020.
vital and necessary if we are to preserve our ability to invest in
Unilever’s brands. Underlying volume growth for the full year        It is no surprise or coincidence that our top-performing brands
was 1.6%.                                                            also happen to be those with the most clearly defined – and
                                                                     powerfully articulated – commitment to purpose as a driver
Growth was broad-based, with each of our three global
                                                                     of brand growth.
Divisions – Beauty & Personal Care, Foods & Refreshment and
Home Care – performing well. Growth was also competitive. We         As well as focusing on winning with our biggest and strongest
ended the year with 53% of the business winning market share         brands, we have also chosen to prioritise investment in the key
by value, a second consecutive year of competitive growth and        growth markets for the future, including most notably the US,
a marked improvement in our competitive performance from             India and China.
just a few years ago.                                                All three countries delivered strong and competitive growth in
While top-line growth remains the number one priority, margin        2021. The US, for example, grew almost 4% on top of a record
progression is also an important component of value creation.        growth year in 2020, while India and China grew well into
Underlying operating margin for the year was 18.4%, down             double-digits, albeit against weaker comparators.
10bps on the previous year. Although pricing stepped up, it          Other markets also performed well, but not all. Indonesia, for
wasn’t enough to fully offset the impact of inflation across our     example, a key geography for Unilever, struggled last year and
raw materials, packaging and distribution costs.                     was down by 7.4%. We are fully focused on restoring growth in
Free Cash Flow remained strong at €6.4 billion, albeit down          this, our sixth-largest market.
year-on-year versus a record delivery in 2020, when the              Our next strategic choice is to invest in the capabilities needed
business was focused on delivering cash in a period of huge          to lead in channels of the future. Today, that means winning
uncertainty. For 2021, we declared a 3% increase to the full-        in eCommerce, and in 2021 we delivered another strong year,
year dividend, taking the dividend for the year to €4.5 billion.     on the back of record growth in 2020. In total, the eCommerce
Overall, we made good progress in 2021. Unilever’s growth            business was up 44% with growth coming from all the main
momentum is building. We stepped up pricing significantly            sub-channels – pure-play, omnichannel, and business-to-
in a heavily inflationary environment while delivering strong        business (eB2B). In just five years, this channel has gone from
earnings and maintaining our restored competitiveness.               2% of our turnover to 13% in 2021.

                                                                     Developing Unilever’s portfolio into the higher growth spaces
                                                                     of Hygiene, Skin care, Prestige beauty, Functional nutrition and
                                                                     Plant-based foods is another strategic choice. It is also one
"We made good progress                                               that made a meaningful contribution to performance in 2021.

in 2021 and our growth                                               While organic growth is our first priority, acquisitions also play
                                                                     an important role. Indeed, since 2017, 93% of M&A capital has
momentum is building."                                               gone into either Prestige beauty, Functional nutrition or Skin
                                                                     care and other areas of Beauty & Personal Care. By contrast,
Alan Jope                                                            98% of disposals by turnover were in slower growth food
Chief Executive Officer                                              segments such as Spreads and more recently Tea.

                                                                     The benefits of this portfolio rotation were very apparent last
                                                                     year – which including eketerra will be equivalent to 17% of our
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                 7




2021 turnover since 2017. Prestige beauty, for example, now a        of delivering an improvement in underlying operating margin,




                                                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT – INTRODUCING UNILEVER
€1 billion business, grew over 20%. Functional nutrition, which      having chosen – in the face of spiralling inflation – to continue
includes Horlicks in South Asia as well as our largely US-based      investing in advertising, R&D and other long-term drivers
Vitamins, Supplements & Minerals (VMS) business, grew 22% in         of growth.
2021 and now enjoys leadership positions across its portfolio.
                                                                     We will continue to take this approach in 2022, when we expect
Together, Functional nutrition and Prestige beauty contributed       input cost inflation to ratchet up still further. This means that
60bps to our underlying sales growth last year.                      we expect our underlying operating margin will be down in
                                                                     2022, although we anticipate that the effect of pricing action
We will go on building Unilever’s portfolio in this way, while
                                                                     and well-established savings programmes to help reverse this
recognising that not all acquisitions have performed equally
                                                                     decline over the course of 2023 and 2024.
well. Dollar Shave Club, for example, has not delivered in the
way that we had hoped or expected, mainly due to changes in          Importantly, we have entered 2022 with good growth
the economics of the direct-to-consumer model.                       momentum and with our biggest brands, our most important
                                                                     markets, and our priority channel all performing strongly. The
In considering the evolution of our portfolio, Consumer
                                                                     five strategic choices that we have put in place will guide us in
Health and Wellbeing undoubtedly represents an attractive
                                                                     the years ahead, and are having a positive and demonstrable
space. It is also one in which we are increasingly well
                                                                     impact on performance. The introduction of a new operating
positioned. Last year, after a long period of careful review,
                                                                     model during the year will help accelerate our progress
the Board concluded that moving Unilever’s portfolio even
                                                                     still further.
more decisively into this area would position the company for
faster growth in the coming decades. This is what lay behind
confidential discussions with GSK and Pfizer about the possible      Stakeholders
acquisition of GSK Consumer Health. We listened carefully to
                                                                     Together with our world-leading brands, our biggest strength
shareholders in the wake of those discussions becoming public
                                                                     remains the dedication and professionalism of our employees
and heard the message that many did not support a deal on
                                                                     around the world, plus the millions more who make up
this scale at this time. We remain resolved in the direction of
                                                                     Unilever’s extended family across the value chain. To all of
our portfolio evolution, but we have made clear that we do
                                                                     them, I offer my sincere appreciation for their hard work and
not intend to pursue similar large-scale acquisitions in the
                                                                     commitment over a year characterised by many challenges but
foreseeable future.
                                                                     also a lot of progress.
Instead, we will continue to accelerate Unilever’s growth
                                                                     We remain fully wedded to Unilever’s multi-stakeholder model
through a rigorous focus on organic growth and by continuing
                                                                     and I want to thank all of those with whom we have partnered
to strengthen the portfolio through bolt-on acquisitions and
                                                                     over the last year, and all those whose needs and interests
selective disposals. Guided by our five Compass strategic
                                                                     we are committed to serving. We deliberately cite the planet
choices, we are fully committed to stepping up the growth
                                                                     as one of our stakeholders and in the year of COP26, it was
of our existing business.
                                                                     a source of particular pride to see Unilever – in its words and
We will be aided significantly in this process by our fifth          actions – living up to its ambitious climate commitments.
strategic choice – building a purpose-led, future-fit
                                                                     Finally, I want to thank and acknowledge our shareholders for
organisation and growth culture.
                                                                     their continued support of our business. We are working hard
Having operated for some time under a relatively heavy               to repay that support and are fully focused on delivering long-
matrix structure, with three global Divisions and 15 regional        term value for shareholders in line with our 4G growth model.
performance management units, we are now modernising
Unilever’s organisation with the introduction – from 1 July 2022
– of five Business Groups with full, end-to-end responsibility for
setting strategy and for delivering results.

The five Business Groups – Beauty and Wellbeing; Personal
Care; Home Care; Nutrition; and Ice Cream – will have the
power to drive performance by responding more quickly
and directly to the consumer and channel dynamics that
are unique to their Business Group. This is a big change for
Unilever, one that we are confident will result in a simpler,
faster and more agile way of operating, with more focused
and expert categories and with greater empowerment and
accountability flowing through the business.

We are alive to the risks of a change management programme
on this scale and have put in place a number of mitigating
measures, including the creation of a well-resourced
Transformation Office to oversee the detailed delivery of the
programme in line with ambitious but achievable timescales.


Outlook – 4G Growth
Our overarching goal remains the delivery of 4G growth –
that is, growth which is consistent, competitive, profitable
and responsible. All four are key to our long-term value
creation model. On profitable growth, in 2021 we fell short
8                                                                                        Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Our strategy
The Unilever Compass is our strategy to deliver growth that
is consistent, competitive, profitable and responsible.



                                                               Our vision is to be the global leader
                                                          in sustainable business. We will demonstrate
                                                             how our purpose-led, future-fit business
                                                               model drives superior performance,
                                                              consistently delivering financial results
                                                                  in the top third of our industry.




       Our strategic choices and actions will help us fulfil our purpose and vision

                                   Develop our portfolio into high growth spaces

         Hygiene                   Skin care              Prestige beauty              Functional                 Plant-based
                                                                                        nutrition                    foods
         Pages 15-16,              Pages 15-16,                Pages 15-16,            Pages 15-16,                  Pages 15,
          20, 24, 37                 20-21, 37                   21, 36-37                36-37                        22, 37



             Win with our brands as a force for good, powered by purpose and innovation

       Improve the health              Improve people's                   Contribute to a                    Win with
         of the planet                health, confidence                fairer, more socially         differentiated science
                                        and wellbeing                      inclusive world               and technology
         Pages 21, 23, 29-30                 Pages 20-21, 31                  Pages 21, 30                     Pages 15, 20-24




                               Accelerate in USA, India, China and key growth markets

                  Build further scale in USA,                                           Leverage emerging
                       India and China                                                   market strength
                           Pages 16, 36-37                                                   Pages 16, 36-37




                                             Lead in the channels of the future

        Accelerate pure-play and                      Develop eB2B business                   Drive category leadership
        omnichannel eCommerce                               platforms                          through shopper insight
                Pages 16, 25-26                                Pages 16, 26                              Pages 25-26




                        Build a purpose-led, future-fit organisation and growth culture

        Unlock capacity through                     Be a beacon for diversity,
                                                   inclusion and value-based                   Build capability through
           agility and digital
                                                           leadership                              lifelong learning
            transformation
                  Pages 17-18                                    Page 19                                   Page 19
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                9




                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT – INTRODUCING UNILEVER
             Operational excellence through the 5 Growth Fundamentals

          1                        2                   3                      4                 5
    Purposeful               Improved             Impactful              Design for          Fuel for
      brands                penetration          innovation               channel            growth


            Our growth creates value through a multi-stakeholder model

 Shareholders                                              Our people
 See pages 15-17                                           See pages 18-19




 Consumers                                                 Customers
 See pages 20-24                                           See pages 25-26




 Suppliers & business                                      Planet & society
 partners                                                  See pages 29-31
 See pages 27-28




                                Our Multi-year Financial Framework
                      Competitive                     Profit                    Cash
                        growth                       growth                   generation

         Savings                     Restructuring             Return on                   Net debt
                                      investment            invested capital
10                                                                                                Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Our strategy continued




Our Compass sustainability commitments
will help us deliver our purpose and vision.

 Win with our brands as a force for good, powered by purpose and innovation

  Improve the health                                                                                       Improve people’s health,
  of the planet                                                                                            confidence and wellbeing

       Climate action                 Protect and                          Waste-free world                    Positive nutrition
       Pages 28, 29, 34, 51-56     regenerate nature                       Pages 21-23, 29, 34, 52-53             Pages 22, 31, 34-35
                                     Pages 21, 23, 30, 34, 51

                                 Deforestation-free supply                                                    €1 billion annual sales
      Net zero emissions          chain in palm oil, paper                                                   from plant-based meat
       across our value           and board, tea, soy and                                                     and dairy alternatives
        chain by 2039                 cocoa by 2023                                                                by 2025-2027
                                    Help protect and
       Halve greenhouse                                                                                       Double the number
                                  regenerate 1.5 million
       gas impact of our                                                                                     of products sold that
                                 hectares of land, forests
      products across the                                                   50% virgin plastic              deliver positive nutrition
                                   and oceans by 2030
        lifecycle by 2030                                                      reduction by                          by 2025
                                     100% sustainable                      2025, including an
                                    sourcing of our key                    absolute reduction                  70% of our portfolio
     Zero emissions in our          agricultural crops                      of 100,000 tonnes                 to meet WHO-aligned
      operations by 2030                                                                                      nutritional standards
                                                                           25% recycled plastic                       by 2022
                                   Empower farmers and                           by 2025
                                  smallholders to protect                                                    95% of packaged ice
    Replace fossil fuel-            and regenerate farm                   Collect and process                cream to contain no
   derived carbon with                 environments                       more plastic than we               more than 22g total
  renewable or recycled
                                                                              sell by 2025                 sugar per serving by 2025
carbon in all our cleaning
   and laundry product                Implement water                        100% reusable,
  formulations by 2030           stewardship programmes                       recyclable or                   95% of packaged ice
                                 in 100 locations in water-                compostable plastic                cream to contain no
                                   stressed areas by 2030                   packaging by 2025                more than 250 kcal per
                                                                                                                serving by 2025
 Communicate a carbon
   footprint for every            100% of our ingredients                Halve food waste in our
     product we sell               will be biodegradable                   operations by 2025                  85% of our Foods
                                           by 2030                                                              portfolio to help
                                                                           Maintain zero non-               consumers reduce their
                                                                           hazardous waste to                salt intake to no more
     Supported by our €1 billion Climate & Nature Fund
                                                                         landfill in our factories          than 5g per day by 2022



                                                   Respect human rights

         Respect and promote human rights and the effective implementation of the UN Guiding Principles,
                          and ensure compliance with our Responsible Sourcing Policy
                                                                Pages 28, 31
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                          11




                                                                                                                                       STRATEGIC REPORT – INTRODUCING UNILEVER
 Win with our brands as a force for good, powered by purpose and innovation

                                   Contribute to a fairer and
                                   more socially inclusive world

 Health and wellbeing                  Equity, diversity               Raise living standards             Future of work
       Pages 21, 31, 35                 and inclusion                          Pages 30, 35                 Pages 19, 30, 35
                                            Pages 28, 30, 35


                                                                                                        Help equip 10 million
                                     Achieve an equitable               Ensure that everyone             young people with
                                     and inclusive culture              who directly provides          essential skills by 2030
                                        by eliminating                  goods and services to
                                         any bias and                    Unilever will earn at
                                     discrimination in our              least a living wage or
                                     practices and policies                income by 2030              Pioneer new models to
                                                                                                       provide our employees
                                                                                                      with flexible employment
                                                                                                           options by 2030
                                       Accelerate diverse
                                     representation at all               Help 5 million small
                                      levels of leadership               and medium-sized
   Take action through                                                  enterprises grow their          Reskill or upskill our
 our brands to improve                                                    business by 2025            employees with future-fit
  health and wellbeing                                                                                     skills by 2025
                                      5% of our workforce
   and advance equity                   to be made up
 and inclusion, reaching                of people with
1 billion people per year             disabilities by 2025
by 2030. We will focus on:

▪ Gender equity                         Spend €2 billion
▪ Race and ethnicity equity              annually with
▪ Body confidence and
                                       diverse businesses
  self-esteem
▪ Mental wellbeing                     worldwide by 2025
▪ Hand hygiene
▪ Sanitation
▪ Oral health                              Increase
▪ Skin health and healing              representation of
                                       diverse groups in
                                        our advertising



                                           Our responsible business fundamentals




       Business                    Safety                        Employee            Product safety           Responsible
       integrity                   at work                       wellbeing            and quality             innovation




    Responsible                Safeguarding                    Engaging with           Responsible           Committed to
   advertising and                 data                         stakeholders            taxpayer             transparency
     marketing
12                                                                                       Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Our business model
Building on our relationships and resources, our business model
allows us to create sustained value for our key stakeholders.




        What we depend on...                                                                                What we do...
     Relationships
     Purposeful people
                                                                       1                                                2
     Our 148,000 talented people give               Consumer insights                               Innovation
     their skills and time in Unilever offices,
                                                    We track changing                               Our marketing and R&D
     factories, R&D laboratories and tea
                                                    consumer sentiment                              teams use these insights
     estates – increasingly working in more
                                                    through our 37 People                           plus the best ideas and
     flexible and agile ways. Pages 18-19
                                                    Data Centres around the                         thinking from specialists
     Trusted suppliers                              world, combining social                         outside Unilever to develop
     Around 53,000 supplier partners                listening with traditional                      our brands and products.
     in 150 countries source materials              consumer research.                              We spent €847 million on
     and provide critical services for us.                                                          R&D in 2021.
     Pages 27-28

     Committed partners

     Our relationships with governments,
     customers, NGOs and other                                         8
     organisations around the world help
     us to increase our impact. Pages 25-31         Consumer use
                                                    3.4 billion people use our
                                                    products every day.
     Resources
     Input materials

     We use thousands of tonnes of
     agricultural raw materials, packaging
     materials and chemicals for our
     products. Pages 29-30, 141
     Financial resources

     Capital from our financial
     stakeholders allows us to invest for
     the long term. Pages 144-148                                      7                                                6
     Intangible assets
                                                    Sales                                           Marketing
     The strength of our 400+ brands, our
     R&D capabilities and intellectual              We use many channels                            We're one of the largest
     property such as patents and trade             to make our brands                              advertisers globally,
     marks set us apart. Pages 136-138, 172         available to consumers                          based on media spend.
                                                    in around 190 countries                         Our purposeful and
     Owned and leased assets                        wherever and whenever                           inclusive brands connect
     We occupy around 280 factories, 270            they shop.                                      with consumers.
     offices and 450 logistics warehouses
     globally. Pages 138-141




                                                  All underpinned by the management of our principal risks Pages 46 to 50
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                    13




                                                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT – INTRODUCING UNILEVER
                                                The value we create for...

                                           Shareholders                                   Contributing to
          3                                                                              the Sustainable
                                           We aim to deliver consistent, competitive,   Development Goals
                   Sourcing                profitable and responsible growth.
                                           Pages 15-17
        Each year we buy raw
    materials and packaging
   materials worth €21 billion
       to make our products,
      as well as €14 billion in            Our people
          services (including              We aim to reward people fairly for the
               media) to help              work they do, while helping them find
            our business run.              their purpose so they become the best
                                           they can be at Unilever.
                                           Pages 18-19



          4                                Consumers

                                           We aim to provide superior-quality
           Manufacturing                   products and purposeful brands that
                                           take action on the issues that matter
      Our factories and third-
                                           to people and planet.
         party manufacturers
       turn materials into the             Pages 20-24
             products we sell.
                                           Customers

                                           We partner with large and small retailers
                                           around the world to grow our business
                                           and theirs.
                                           Pages 25-26




          5                                Suppliers & business partners

                                           We partner with thousands of suppliers
                    Logistics              to help innovate our products and
 A global network of logistics             support mutual and sustainable growth.
      warehouses deliver our               Pages 27-28
         products to millions
             of retail outlets.
                                           Planet & society

                                           We aim to improve the health of the
                                           planet while contributing to a fairer
                                           and more socially inclusive world.
                                           Pages 29-31
Review of the year
Here we describe the value we created for
our stakeholders in 2021, our performance
and how we’re managing the key risks to
our business.




Review of the year

15   Shareholders
18   Our people
20   Consumers
25   Customers
27   Suppliers & business partners
29   Planet & society
32   Our performance
36   Financial review
44   Our risks
51   Additional non-financial information
       - Climate change disclosures
       - Other non-financial disclosures
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                              15




           Shareholders




                                                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
We're delivering competitive growth by focusing
on our strategic choices.

2021 was an unpredictable and challenging year, with cost           Developing our portfolio into high growth spaces
inflation and continued disruption from Covid-19. As Covid
                                                                    Our investments in high growth spaces continued in 2021.
rates spiked and restrictions were imposed and then eased in
                                                                    As well as our established businesses in hygiene and skin
different countries at different times, we worked to manage
                                                                    care where we continue to drive science-based innovation
disruption to our supply chains, building on our experience
                                                                    (see pages 20 to 24), we’re building sizeable new businesses
from 2020.
                                                                    in areas such as Prestige beauty, Functional nutrition and
                                                                    Plant-based foods, which are contributing to our growth.
Our performance in 2021                                             Our Prestige beauty business, now including the digitally-led
                                                                    cruelty-free Paula’s Choice brand which we acquired in 2021,
We delivered underlying sales growth of 4.5% in 2021. Our
                                                                    delivered strong double-digit growth in 2021 and reached
growth was broad-based, with all three Divisions growing. We
                                                                    €1 billion turnover if we include a full year of Paula’s Choice.(a)
achieved this while maintaining our competitiveness with 53%
of our business winning share. While our pricing and savings        Functional nutrition is another area of focus for our portfolio
programmes helped to offset some of the impact of mounting          transformation into high growth spaces. It includes Horlicks
input costs, our underlying operating margin was down 10bps         and our Vitamins, Minerals & Supplements (VMS) brands
at 18.4%. Free cash flow remained healthy at €6.4 billion, albeit   such as Olly, Liquid I.V., and Onnit, a leading brand in the
down from record levels last year. For more details on our          fast-growing area of nootropics, acquired in 2021. Functional
performance see the Financial review on pages 36 to 43.             nutrition grew double-digit in 2021 and reached €1.5
                                                                    billion turnover if we include a full year of Onnit.(a) We're
                                                                    also expanding our plant-based portfolio to meet growing
Five strategic choices for growth                                   consumer demand – see page 22.
In early 2021, we set out in detail the Unilever Compass
                                                                    In November 2021, we announced that we had entered into
strategy to deliver our vision. The five clear, sharpened choices
                                                                    an agreement to sell our global Tea business, now known as
we have made in our Compass strategy – portfolio, brands,
                                                                    ekaterra, to CVC Capital Partners Fund VIII for €4.5 billion on a
markets, channels and culture – along with the continued
                                                                    cash-free, debt-free basis. The transaction excludes Unilever’s
delivery of our 5 Growth Fundamentals, have been playing an
                                                                    tea business in India, Nepal and Indonesia as well as the
important role in building momentum across the business.
                                                                    Pepsi Lipton ready-to-drink tea joint ventures and associated
                                                                    distribution businesses. We expect to complete this transaction
                                                                    in the second half of 2022, subject to receiving regulatory
                                                                    approvals and completing works council consultation
                                                                    processes. Once we dispose of eketerra, our portfolio rotation
                                                                    will be equivalent to 17% of our 2021 turnover since 2017.(b)
"We're focused on
driving faster growth                                               Winning with our brands as a force for good, powered
                                                                    by purpose and innovation
from our strong portfolio                                           We hold clear global leadership positions in seven categories;
of brands and markets."                                             and in a further two, we lead in terms of volume sold but
                                                                    not yet value. We’ve stepped up our investments in science
Alan Jope                                                           and technology to strengthen the quality and efficacy of our
Chief Executive Officer                                             products – 95% of the turnover we've tested was equal or
                                                                    better than the main competitor product, with 71% winning
                                                                    outright. (c) Insights from testing help us improve product
                                                                    performance through innovation. Focusing our R&D activities
                                                                    on fewer and bigger projects is also bringing innovations to
                                                                    market faster. In total, our innovation programme helped
                                                                    to deliver €1 billion in incremental turnover in 2021 – double
                                                                    that of 2020. See pages 20 to 24 for more on our brands and
                                                                    innovation.
16                                                                                         Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Shareholders continued




Our focus on winning with brands and innovation saw our 13        We made significant progress on the integration of the
€1 billion brands – also among our most purposeful – grow in      Horlicks portfolio. Our focus now is on building category
aggregate by over 6% in 2021. These brands now make up half       relevance and growing penetration – through innovations in
of our total turnover. See pages 20 to 24 for more on brands      the high science range, such as Diabetes Plus, as well as a step
with purpose and how we're building our marketing capability.     up in marketing and communications, home visits to promote
                                                                  products and the introduction of affordable packs.
Accelerating in USA, India, China and key growth                  Our eCommerce sales in India saw double-digit growth in
markets                                                           2021. We're also reaching more small retail stores through
                                                                  digital channels – our eB2B app Shikhar is now used by over
Around 36% of our turnover is from three markets: the US, India
                                                                  700,000 retailers. Through direct-to-consumer platforms, we’re
and China. Having a strong brand and category presence here
                                                                  expanding our digital footprint further. The iconic beauty
is key to our future growth, as these countries are predicted
                                                                  brand Lakme, for instance, is the most followed Indian beauty
to account for well over half of global economic growth by
                                                                  brand on Instagram with around 30% of its sales in 2021
2030. To strengthen and expand our business in these priority
                                                                  through digital channels.
markets, we’re growing our core brands, transforming our
portfolio to capitalise on high growth opportunities and          China
growing our digital and eCommerce channel presence.               China has grown into our third-largest market by fulfilling
                                                                  diverse and constantly changing consumer needs – doubling
US
                                                                  in size over the last decade. We grew by 14.3% in 2021.
The US is our largest market and we grew 3.7% in 2021 against
a very strong prior year comparator. Delivering breakthrough      Our success in China is built on our core brands – including
technology innovations through our purposeful brands such         Knorr, OMO, Dove and CLEAR – which are combining product
as Dove, and scaling our recently acquired brands such as         superiority and brand purpose to expand penetration and
Olly and SheaMoisture, has helped to drive the growth of          sales. Transforming the portfolio is also key to unlocking future
our US business. Data-driven customer partnerships are also       growth opportunities, such as in personal and home hygiene
unlocking further opportunities, such as exclusive bath range     and masstige, and by premiumising brands such as Vaseline
launches with two US retailers.                                   which has evolved from a basic body care range to cover
                                                                  whole body expert skin healing. We’re also expanding our
Our US business continues to benefit from our portfolio
                                                                  Prestige beauty and VMS offerings with a selective roll-out of
transformation into higher growth areas such as Functional
                                                                  brands such as SmartyPants.
nutrition and Prestige beauty – building on the strength of
brands such as Liquid I.V. and Living Proof. The growth of        Sales through eCommerce in China grew double-digit in
eCommerce in the US continued in 2021 – enabled by an             2021. Further eCommerce growth is expected as penetration
increased focus on innovations designed for channel and           increases in lower-tier cities. Partnerships with eCommerce
strengthened digital capabilities.                                platforms such as JD.com and Alibaba (see page 25) and
India                                                             expanding reach to newer channels such as live streaming
Our Hindustan Unilever (HUL) business is India’s largest FMCG     and social commerce, will continue this upward trend.
company. We delivered a strong all-round performance,
growing at 13.4%.                                                 Leading in the channels of the future
We’re growing our core brands by focusing on superior             We’re increasingly designing products and organising our
products and purpose. Surf excel, for instance, continued to      business for eCommerce by working with partners such
build relevance through our iconic ‘Dirt is Good’ campaign and    as Amazon and Alibaba as well as large retailers who are
delivered strong performance. And Lifebuoy strengthened our       expanding their footprint across a range of digital commerce
market leadership as the number one soap brand in India,          channels. Our eCommerce sales grew by 44% in 2021 and
building on its hygiene credentials (see page 31). HUL has a      accounted for 13% of our total turnover – we see no sign of
strong track record of building scale in new categories through   this shift reversing (see page 37 for a definition of eCommerce
market development, by moving consumers to new products           sales). We sell around 50% of our Prestige beauty products, for
with added benefits – such as liquid detergents, functional tea   example, through eCommerce channels, including direct to
with wellness benefits and body wash.                             consumer. See page 25 for more.
Brands such as Surf excel, Dove and TRESemmé are responding       With our innovation and merchandising strategies firmly
to the needs of consumers and leading premiumisation. The         rooted in shopper insights, we'll continue to adapt at speed
newly formed Premium Beauty Business unit within HUL will         to trends, such as consumers wanting quick and delicious
strengthen our presence in the fast-growing masstige beauty       food delivered to their door. Our Ice Cream Now platform for
segment. The premium portfolio performed well in 2021.            instant ice cream delivery, for example, grew by 60% in 2021.
                                                                  We’re also increasingly using digital sales platforms with our
                                                                  customers, both large and small. See page 26 for more on our
                                                                  eB2B growth.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                  17




                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
Building a purpose-led, future-fit organisation and
growth culture
We believe that when employees are clear on their purpose
in life and how this connects to the work they do, they’re
more engaged and willing to go the extra mile. Working with
purpose is at the heart of our culture – see page 19. This also
helps us attract the very best people, as evidenced by our
status as number one FMCG employer of choice for graduates
and early career talent in over 50 markets.

More agile application of technology alongside simpler ways
of working will help us stay one step ahead of consumer
trends. We’re continuing to speed up our ways of working,
building our eCommerce capabilities and automating back-
office processes – see pages 19 and 25 for examples. We’re
also reskilling and upskilling our people, and embracing
hybrid ways of work to prepare for the future of work – see
pages 18 to 19.

In January 2022 we announced changes to our organisational
model to make us a simpler, more category-focused business –
see pages 6 to 7 for more.


(a) Prestige beauty and Functional nutrition turnover for 2021 calculated as if
    Paula's Choice and Onnit respectively, had been acquired on 1 January 2021.
(b) Portfolio rotation is the 2021 turnover from any acquisitions completed since
    2017 (including a full year of turnover for 2021 acquisitions) plus the last twelve
    months' of turnover from our disposals since 2017 (including eketerra) as a
    percentage of our 2021 turnover.
(c) Based on tests of our top products in 60 countries over the past three years to
    benchmark product superiority (turnover weighted).
18                                                                                               Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021




           Our people


Our people are the heartbeat of Unilever –
when they thrive, our business thrives.

This year reinforced the importance of being a safe, inclusive        the world on a single digital platform. We also increased
and supportive place to work for our 148,000 employees.               resources to ensure appropriate oversight for safety.
Around 90,000 people took part in our UniVoice employee
                                                                      Our Total Recordable Frequency Rate (TRFR) improved from
survey this year. We sustained very high engagement levels
                                                                      0.63 to 0.55 accidents per million hours worked (1 October
– 82% in offices and 83% in factories – which places us in
                                                                      2020 to 30 September 2021), partly related to fewer accidents
the top quartile for employee engagement compared to
                                                                      at Unilever offices due to continued working from home. Sadly
industry benchmarks.
                                                                      however, fatalities continued to rise. In the reporting period,
                                                                      three contractors and four employees lost their lives. Two
Protecting health, safety and wellbeing                               contractors were fatally electrocuted at one of our sites in
                                                                      Pakistan in one event; and a contractor in Hungary lost their
Alongside safety at work, supporting our people’s
                                                                      life in a construction incident. Two employees were struck by
physical, mental and emotional wellbeing has never been
                                                                      lightning in separate incidents in Kenya and Tanzania. And
more important.
                                                                      two employees were involved in a fatal car accident in India.

                                                                      When fatalities occur, our first priority is to support the
Supporting our people through the pandemic
                                                                      emotional and physical needs of the families and team
We’ve continued to help our people protect themselves                 members of the individuals involved. We work with local law
from the virus by working to remove barriers to testing and           enforcement, communities and regulators to fully investigate
encouraging vaccinations to keep our workplaces as safe and           the root cause and determine further preventative measures.
productive as possible. We ensured that thousands of our              See our website for more on safety at work
employees received medical care through our own facilities
and healthcare resources, telehealth options or connections           New ways of working
to community resources, and supported the colleagues and
families of those we sadly lost to Covid.                             The world of work is changing. Our 2021 employee survey
                                                                      showed that around three-quarters of our people believe
We continued promoting healthy living and working for all             we have become simpler, faster and more agile in the last
our employees. To help people get the medical support they            12 months. Covid-19 has been a catalyst to expand flexible
need, for example we now offer triage services in India and           and more inclusive ways of working.
the UK. We launched a new digital tool in four countries that
helps people identify their risk of type 2 diabetes, followed by a    We’re rethinking how we work as an employer. The fact that
12-month programme to reduce those risks. Participants in our         the satisfaction and connection levels of new employees
Brazil and Mexico pilots have reported improvements to their          have risen since our last pre-Covid survey is testament to
quality of life and sleep, as well as less stress and time off work   the effectiveness of our evolved ways of working. So we’ve
due to ill health.                                                    moved to a hybrid model for our office-based employees. This
                                                                      means thinking about work as what people do, not where
We also intensified our focus on mental health, introducing           they do it – with our offices as collaboration spaces and
online training in ten languages to help our people                   people able to work where they’ll be most effective. Our global
understand the impact of Covid on their mental health. More           guiding principles for hybrid working state that we expect our
people used our Employee Assistance Programme this year,              employees to spend at least 40% of their time in the office.
and our global network of mental health champions more
than doubled to around 4,000 people. Our teams are using a            We’re also pioneering new ways of working which both unlock
new tool to assess their energy levels and better support each        capacity and help individuals find a meaningful and balanced
other. Due to these and other initiatives, the percentage of our      way of working. Our AI-powered internal talent marketplace,
people who feel Unilever cares about their wellbeing is rising:       Flex, allows us to match the skills needed for projects to
85% in offices (81% in 2020) and 83% in factories (70% in 2019).      people, regardless of where they sit in the organisation. It
                                                                      helped us reprioritise more than 110,000 hours to around
                                                                      1,350 critical projects in 2021. In addition we have flexible
Safety at work                                                        working options like job-sharing or paid learning sabbaticals.
We continue to prioritise the safety of our people and                Our people now have the option to work as a contractor on a
contractors in everyday work situations – from using                  project-by-project basis through the 'U-Work' programme in
mechanical equipment to staying safe on the roads. Our 2021           seven countries. This gives them the flexibility associated with
UniVoice survey showed that over 90% of employees feel that           contract roles and they are paid a monthly retainer fee with a
Unilever is committed to their safety. We rolled out a new            core set of benefits.
incident management tool which connects our sites around
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                          19




                                                                                                                                       STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
Skills for the future
We’re creating a culture of learning across Unilever, upskilling
and reskilling our people for jobs of the future. Our employees
accessed the Degreed learning platform over 4.2 million times




                                                                    No1
during 2021. In our latest employee survey, 83% of our people
in offices and 77% of our people in factories said they believe
Unilever gives them a chance to upgrade their skills for a                                         FMCG employer of choice for
                                                                                                   graduates and early career
successful future.
                                                                                                   talent in over 50 markets
In 2021, we focused on building critical digital commerce
skills throughout our business, including an eCommerce
accelerator hub and bootcamp for our customer development
teams and enhancing digital access in our factories to ensure
our people have future-fit capabilities. Our Future of Work
in Manufacturing programme gave frontline workers access            to increase advocacy for human rights and safe havens for
to technology that enables shared learning on the job and           this community.
better processes and communications. This is an important
                                                                    Our race and ethnicity strategy is focused on four markets
step towards our factories becoming the efficient digital
                                                                    (Brazil, South Africa, the UK and US). These are leading our
workplaces we’ll need for our future growth.
                                                                    work to make our recruitment practices more equitable by
Our ultimate goal is for no one to be left behind as the world of   increasing the representation of black and brown people,
work continues to change. In December 2021, we held our first       building more inclusive and equitable cultures, and expanding
Future of Work conference to share our progress and learnings       local partnerships and advocacy.
and build alliances with forward-thinking companies. We’re
                                                                    Our gender balance at management level changed slightly in
also aiming to help equip 10 million young people with
                                                                    2021, with women now accounting for 52% of all management
essential skills for jobs by 2030 – see page 30 for more.
                                                                    employees. Our work continues to increase the representation
See our website for more on the future of work                      of women, particularly at senior levels. This year, we
                                                                    reintroduced a tool that uses a mix of behavioural science
Nurturing our growth culture                                        and data to raise awareness of senior leaders’ hiring patterns
We see a human, purposeful and accountable culture that             and unconscious bias in decision-making. See page 64 for our
is rooted in our values as essential to our purpose-led and         gender balance statistics.
future-fit organisation. Using our future-fit plans, our people     See our website for more on equity, diversity and inclusion
are shaping development and career plans based on their
purpose – we've made a good start by upskilling or reskilling       Working with integrity
7% of our people in 2021. We now have statistical evidence
                                                                    Our focus is on growth in line with our values, not on growth at
from ongoing research led by the London School of Economics
                                                                    any cost. We review our Code of Business Principles and Code
of the link between purpose and intrinsic motivation, based on
                                                                    Policies every year to ensure they reflect the current operating
data from 3,500 employees across 14 countries.
                                                                    context and the latest legal requirements. In 2021, we further
                                                                    strengthened our Code Policies on data security and fraud. Our
Equity, diversity and inclusion                                     zero-tolerance approach to bribery continues to be supported
                                                                    through mandatory training and initiatives delivered to
We also want to be a workplace in which everyone feels they
                                                                    all employees.
belong and are able to thrive. This means creating an inclusive
culture free from the barriers that limit people in reaching        We train our people every year to prevent compliance
their true potential. We've identified four equity, diversity       breaches, and they’re able to report in confidence any
and inclusion priorities – gender, race and ethnicity, people       concerns around business integrity through our 24/7 Speak Up
with disabilities and LGBTQI+ communities. This is where we         platform. In 2021, we continued to simplify and improve the
will put our global focus to address under-representation           whistleblowing process for users through expansion of local
and overcome possible challenges in career progression              hotlines and interpreting services.
and to foster a greater sense of inclusion. We’re building the
                                                                    On our website, we report the number of Code cases and
capabilities of our business leaders and HR practitioners
                                                                    subsequent actions for each of our five Code themes including
to support equity advocacy, diversity awareness and
                                                                    countering corruption – covering amongst other things anti-
psychological safety in their teams.
                                                                    bribery and avoiding conflicts of interest. This year, across
We’re working to build a better understanding of the diversity      all areas of our Code of Business Principles, we received
of our workforce in order to identify specific community needs.     1,275 Code reports, closed 1,246 reports (including some from
For example, we've conducted a cultural assessment and              prior years) and confirmed 694 reports as breaches, which
focus groups with over 2,000 employees in Brazil, India and the     led to 369 people leaving the business. Our data on Code
UK to explore attitudes and barriers around disability inclusion    breaches provides insights into issues and where they happen
in Unilever. Our LGBTQI+ employee network has increased             so that we can prevent behaviours that lead to them.
to over 1,000 members, and we're continuing to expand it            See our website for more on business integrity
20                                                                                       Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021




           Consumers


Our brands are evolving to meet the changing needs
of consumers all over the world.


Value and values                                                 To capitalise on these consumer trends, we’re building our
                                                                 marketing capability to support the growth of our brands.
With some countries emerging from lockdown and others
                                                                 We're particularly focused on digital marketing which now
living with Covid-related restrictions in 2021, many of the
                                                                 makes up to 40% of our media spend. And we’re harnessing
consumer trends we saw last year continued.
                                                                 new AI-powered innovation tools to spot trends early and test
Consumers are thinking more carefully about everything           new product concepts. Against this dynamic backdrop, our
from what they put in, and on, their bodies to what they         three Divisions worked to anticipate and meet consumers’
use to clean their homes with. Shoppers also continue to         needs with their products and purpose-led brands.
be increasingly discerning – looking for highly effective
products, with ingredients that are good for them and good
                                                                 Beauty & Personal Care
for the environment. There is now compelling evidence that
brands with purpose grow. Our own research shows a strong        We want to be the most positive beauty business in the world
correlation between brand purpose and brand attractiveness –     for people and the planet.
referred to as brand power – which in turn drives market share   We believe in beauty that not only does less harm, but
and growth. Other independent research from Kantar shows         also does more good – beauty that’s both inclusive and
that the category of most sustainable shoppers who are highly    sustainable. To achieve our new Positive Beauty vision, we’re
concerned about the environment, is now around 1 in 5 of the     using our scale to create positive change and drive growth
global adult population – with the potential to reach 1 in 3     through our big brands, impactful innovation and portfolio
by 2024.                                                         transformation.
Even as some countries relaxed restrictions and people started
to spend more time out of the home, online shopping and the      Growing our core brands
demand for convenience stayed strong – e-everything is here
                                                                 Dove grew strongly this year reaching €5 billion turnover,
to stay. Many people chose to stay home even when they had
                                                                 supported by renovation of its core products, such as Dove
other options – continuing to cook at home instead of eating
                                                                 Care & Protect which is now available in 50 countries with
out, for example. The varying impact of the pandemic has also
                                                                 clinically proven, superior moisturisation. Dove also launched
led to some shoppers treating themselves to more premium
                                                                 the premium Hair Therapy range, combining expert hair care
products while others are increasingly cost-conscious, looking
                                                                 solutions with skin care-inspired ingredients.
for the best-performing products they can afford. Despite the
price increases brought about by commodity inflation, we         The pandemic has highlighted the importance of hygiene, and
continued to offer value for everyone.                           our brands continued to meet this need, despite the slowdown
                                                                 in the sale of hand sanitisers which affected the growth of
                                                                 Lifebuoy and Suave. Lifebuoy’s handwashing campaigns
                                                                 continued to raise awareness and contributed to a large
                                                                 increase in brand power – a measure of brand attractiveness
        In focus                                                 – and its ranking as the third most chosen FMCG brand in the
        Saying no to normal                                      world by Kantar. Lux relaunched its core soap bars and body
                                                                 washes with superior benefits, such as long-lasting fragrance.
 As part of our commitment to challenging                        Rexona relaunched its core deodorant range with 72-hour
 narrow beauty ideals, we’re eliminating the                     non-stop protection against sweat and body odour. And our
 use of the word ‘normal’ across all our Beauty &                male grooming brand Axe refreshed its identity to celebrate
 Personal Care products and communications,                      and represent all types of attraction, in addition to a major
 globally. We'll end any digital alteration to                   reformulation that fights odour instead of masking it.
 change a person’s body shape, size, proportion
 or skin colour across all advertising material,
 and increase the number of advertisements                       Impactful innovation
 portraying people from diverse groups. Our                      We’re anticipating future consumer needs by focusing our
 brands are already putting this commitment                      innovations on fewer projects with bigger impact. This year,
 into action. Dove’s Reverse Selfie campaign                     we’ve scaled our industry-leading pro-lipid technology
 launched in 2021 to highlight the effect                        which helps to nourish skin from within. Developed by our
 retouching apps have on girls’ self-esteem.                     dermatology scientists, it's now available across our biggest
 And Sunsilk released a music video in Turkey                    skin care brands such as Dove, Vaseline, and Pond’s.
 featuring inspiring women who are breaking
 the mould.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                              21




                                                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
With over 100 patents on the human microbiome, a number
of our product innovations in 2021 focused on enhancing the
body’s own repair and defences by using natural ingredients.
For example, our reformulated Dove Body Wash uses a gentle




                                                                       €5bn
formulation to support a healthy skin microbiome.

We’re also dialling up our innovation partnerships to
anticipate future consumer needs. The digital Uni-Excubator
we launched in 2020 in China has been giving start-ups
unique access to our insights and expertise in areas such as
technology, sustainability and distribution networks. In return        Dove grew high single-digit in 2021 and reached
we've harnessed their skills and agility to help our brands            another turnover milestone
grow. We're partnering with Alibaba’s Tmall platform which is
hosting the Uni-Excubator’s flagship store, Uni-Topia Planet,
                                                                      ways. For example, through our new Positive Beauty Growth
showcasing exclusive new beauty and personal care products
                                                                      Platform which aims to partner with start-ups and scale-ups
and driving sales through its channel.
                                                                      from around the world on cutting-edge projects. Our initial
                                                                      invitation for pitches focused on the emerging channel of
Portfolio transformation                                              social commerce – from livestream shopping to gaming. We’re
We're building a sizeable Prestige beauty business, a key part        now working with the shortlisted applicants to partner with
of our strategy to evolve our portfolio into high growth spaces.      our brands.
Prestige is growing fast, with turnover of €1 billion in 2021 if we
include a full year of Paula’s Choice, a digitally led, cruelty-      People positive
free skin care brand. The growth of Prestige was supported
                                                                      We know that consumers want health and beauty products
by new innovations from Dermalogica, REN – and Hourglass
                                                                      which they feel represent them. So we’re focused on growing
with a breakthrough red lipstick that offers consumers a
                                                                      our global portfolio of brands that are inclusive and care for all
vegan alternative to the red pigment traditionally made from
                                                                      skin, hair and body types, championing the diversity of beauty.
crushed beetles.
                                                                      As well as saying ‘no to normal’, our Beauty & Personal
Skin care grew single-digit in 2021. Potential in the category is
                                                                      Care brands are using their power to serve more diverse
high, but there is more we need to do to fully capitalise on the
                                                                      communities and break down stereotypes and prejudice. As
opportunity. By targeting our top markets with breakthrough
                                                                      hair can be a source of discrimination for people from different
innovations such as pro-lipids, as well as locally relevant
                                                                      races and ethnicities, we’re working to help people make the
brand purpose activities, we’re already seeing strong growth
                                                                      most of all hair types. By pinpointing the proteins that differ in
of brands such as Vaseline which performed strongly in 2021,
                                                                      curly and straight hair, we were able to launch one of the first
supported by a number of premium innovations across skin
                                                                      product ranges – Nexxus Curl Define in the US – which caters to
brightening, therapeutics and hydration. Good growth also
                                                                      each hair type's specific needs.
came from brands such as Pond's which continues to offer
more premium ranges.                                                  In line with its purpose to give people the confidence to move
                                                                      more, Degree piloted the world’s first prototype deodorant
We continued to expand our presence across eCommerce
                                                                      designed to be easier for people with disabilities to use.
channels – eCommerce sales accounted for 16% of our Beauty
                                                                      Alongside this, to get audiences thinking differently about
& Personal Care turnover in 2021. We're also looking at digital
                                                                      sportspeople, the brand also released short films featuring
commerce and capitalising on this growth in a number of
                                                                      diverse athletes defying stereotypes.

                                                                      See page 30 for more on how Beauty & Personal Care brands
                                                                      worked to improve health and wellbeing and advance equity
                                                                      and inclusion in 2021.


"Positive Beauty isn’t                                                Planet positive

just about doing                                                      We’re committed to doing less harm and more good for the
                                                                      natural world by protecting and regenerating 1.5 million
the right thing for                                                   hectares of land, forests and oceans by 2030. Consumers are

the planet, it’s also                                                 increasingly concerned about the effect of the products they
                                                                      buy on the environment – and especially plastic pollution.
helping to grow our                                                   Towards our goal to use less, better and no plastic, our oral
                                                                      care ranges, starting with France in 2021, began rolling out
business too."                                                        recyclable toothpaste tubes. And Dove launched 'buy once,
                                                                      refill for life' aluminium deodorant sticks. For more on plastic,
Sunny Jain                                                            see page 29.
President, Beauty & Personal Care
22                                                                                            Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Consumers continued




As part of our support for a global ban on animal testing for       in all 55 markets, both in foodservice and retail. The latest
cosmetics, we’ve continued to work alongside regulatory             addition to its meat alternatives is the Patty on the Back
authorities, NGOs and like-minded companies to share science        burger, a breakthrough plant-based burger. Not only is the
and advocate the use of non-animal approaches for safety            burger lower in calories and fat than meat, it’s higher in fibre
testing. Requests for new animal tests in Europe threaten the       and iron and has similar salt levels.
European Union’s ban on animal testing for cosmetics. Dove
                                                                    Our plant-based ice cream range continued to grow with
and our other 27 PETA-approved brands united with The Body
                                                                    brands like Ben & Jerry’s, Magnum, Breyers, Cornetto, Carte
Shop and animal protection organisations to campaign to
                                                                    D’Or and Swedish Glace offering non-dairy options. With
save cruelty-free cosmetics. Regulatory changes in China have
                                                                    Magnum’s Vegan Sea Salt Caramel winning a PETA Vegan Food
allowed for the import of more cosmetic products without the
                                                                    Award in 2021, all the brand’s vegan flavours are now award-
requirement for animal testing, meaning more consumers will
                                                                    winning. Certified vegan non-dairy now makes up over 25% of
be able to enjoy our beauty products.
                                                                    Ben & Jerry’s pint flavours in the US.

                                                                    We’re also using cutting-edge food science to find alternative
Foods & Refreshment                                                 proteins and new ways to cook without meat. In Argentina,
We're on a mission to be a world-class force for good in food.      Colombia and Mexico, we launched Rinde Más, a blend of
                                                                    herbs, spices, vegetables and protein that gives cooks an
Our brands continue to provide great-tasting, nutritious and
                                                                    affordable way to reduce the meat in their dishes. We’ve also
sustainable foods for consumers all over the world – using our
                                                                    begun working with food-tech company ENOUGH to develop
world-class innovation and brand purpose to inspire change.
                                                                    new plant-based products based on mycoprotein – from a
                                                                    process that uses 93% less water, 97% less feed and 97% less
Irresistible innovation                                             carbon than meat.
During 2021 we continued to grow our core brands. Knorr,            We were again named by investor network FAIRR as a pioneer
our biggest Foods & Refreshment brand grew high single-             in sustainable protein research and innovation and ranked
digit, supported by bigger innovations and a clear purpose. It      number one in its protein transition index for 2021.
launched its first zero salt bouillon in Europe – now available     See our website for more on plant-based foods
in ten markets, offering cooks unique blends of vegetables,
herbs and spices, while supporting our goal to reduce salt          Growing our channel footprint
intake. Its purpose to ‘reinvent food for humanity’, inspired the
inaugural Eat for Good day, which aims to empower 'Eativists'       We’re finding new ways to make our brands available to
who want to make a difference to the world through their food       consumers, wherever they are. Sales through eCommerce
choices, as well as building brand awareness. And the ‘future-      continue to grow, and accounted for 9% of our Foods &
proof your recipe’ platform on Recipedia, where consumers           Refreshment turnover in 2021. Our Ice Cream Now business
can share Future 50 Foods recipe ideas, is expanding to other       caters to the rise of 'in-home' eating, by quickly delivering our
countries after a successful launch in Mexico.                      brands to consumers in 35 countries, growing 60% in 2021. And
                                                                    our out-of-home professional foodservices business, Unilever
Hellmann’s, the world’s number one mayonnaise, grew                 Food Solutions (UFS), grew double-digit in 2021 despite the
double-digit for the second year in succession. Continuing its      ongoing impact of restrictions. UFS is now working with cloud
mission to inspire 100 million people to waste less food, its       kitchens – commercial kitchens that prepare and cook food
2021 Superbowl campaign led to increased brand awareness            purely for delivery – such as Casper, a cloud kitchen pioneer
and a boost in sales. And Hellmann’s vegan mayonnaise,              in Belgium, where we provide a range of products from our
now available in 33 markets, launched three new flavours –          Vegetarian Butcher portfolio, as well as specific ingredients
Baconnaise, Chipotle and Garlic.                                    and flavours.
While varying levels of restrictions around the world affected
our sales of out-of-home ice cream in 2021, our ice cream
brands grew mid-single digit – as Ben & Jerry’s (now a €1
billion brand), Wall's and Magnum continued to offer much-
loved favourites and new flavours, such as Magnum's Double
Gold Caramel Billionaire – available in 35 markets. Not only                   "We’re improving the
an indulgent ice cream, it comes in 100% recycled plastic tubs
developed with advanced recycling technology which is now                      health of the planet
being rolled out to other brands.                                              by changing what’s
Expanding our plant-based portfolio
                                                                               on our plates."
We continued to step up our plant-based offerings through                      Hanneke Faber
a number of our brands. Our plant-based meat and dairy                         President, Foods & Refreshment
replacement business saw strong double-digit growth in 2021
in pursuit of €1 billion annual sales by 2025-2027. This was
primarily driven by The Vegetarian Butcher, which is growing
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                          23




                                                                                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
A world-class force for good in food                                Home Care
As one of the biggest consumer goods companies in the world,        We're making people’s homes a better world, and our world
with a large Foods & Refreshment portfolio, we want to use our      a better home.
scale and reach to transform the food system – from the fields      As we work to make the lives of the people who buy our
and farms where ingredients are grown, to the packaging that        products easier, cleaner and safer, we’re also leading our
keeps food fresh.                                                   industry towards a cleaner future through the power of science
Our brands are working to protect and preserve natural              and innovation. Our relentless focus on meeting consumer
habitats in the places their ingredients are produced. Knorr        needs with superior products has fuelled the steady and
continues its work with farmers and growers through a new           competitive growth of many of our brands.
series of 50 projects. Part of our Climate & Nature Fund, it aims
to establish regenerative agriculture sourcing for 80% of its key   Powering growth through Clean Future
raw materials over five years. One project, for example, is using
satellite data and digital sensors to help tomato farmers in the    We know people want to clean their homes and clothes
south of Spain optimise their water use and improve soil health     without damaging the planet. We’re making good progress in
through cover cropping. In Côte d’Ivoire, where the cocoa used      transforming some of the world's most well-known household
by Magnum is grown by Rainforest Alliance farmers, the brand        brands to disinfect, clean, freshen up and remove stains better
has planted 465,000 native trees and is working with farmers        than ever while lowering their carbon emissions and waste,
to tackle deforestation. For more on nature see pages 30            in line with our ‘Clean Future’ strategy.
and 52.                                                             Our biggest Home Care brand, Dirt is Good (also known as
We’re meeting consumer demand for more sustainable                  OMO, Surf Excel, Persil or Skip) is key to our Clean Future
packaging by using less, better or no plastic. Many of our foods    ambitions – and leads the transformation of our entire Home
brands already use 100% recycled plastic, such as Hellmann’s        Care business. It launched a successful new liquid range that
and Bango. And we’re now making progress in finding better          uses plant-based stain removers without compromising on
ways to overcome technical challenges with sachets that are         performance. It’s suitable for low-temperature washing, with a
hard to recycle, for example by bringing out groundbreaking         lower GHG impact than laundry powders, and is packaged in
paper-based recyclable pouches for our Colman’s range in the        mostly recycled plastic bottles.
UK. For more on plastic see page 29.                                To help reduce its use of plastic packaging, Dirt is Good also
                                                                    rolled out a six times concentrated OMO dilute-at-home
                                                                    laundry liquid in our biggest laundry market, Latin America. It
        In focus                                                    quickly became a top-seller in Argentina and Brazil. Not only
                                                                    does this make the brand affordable to more consumers, it
        Knorr: building a greener                                   also uses around 70% less plastic than a conventional 3-litre
        food future                                                 bottle, and is now more biodegradable. Dirt is Good grew
                                                                    mid single-digit in 2021 and increased its global brand power
 Our largest food brand continues to take bold
                                                                    score, also winning WARC and Effie awards for the effective
 and innovative steps towards healthier eating
                                                                    communication of its brand purpose to consumers. For more
 and a healthier planet. Through its new zero
                                                                    on our Clean Future innovations, see pages 31 and 52.
 salt bouillon, its promotion of Future 50 Foods
 – a collection of nutritious and sustainable                       Sunlight, one of our €1 billion brands, started to roll out a new
 plant-based foods – and its new World Eat for                      plant-based formulation for its hand dishwash products across
 Good day, the brand is encouraging people to                       the world. With biodegradable active ingredients, it’s also
 swap out traditional ingredients for healthier                     proven to deliver a superior cleaning experience.
 ones. And now, through its new Grown for Good
                                                                    In 2021, we entered a multi-year partnership with Arzeda to
 initiative, Knorr will create 50 regenerative
                                                                    design new enzymes for our laundry and cleaning products,
 agriculture projects to transform how its key
                                                                    including OMO, Surf and Sunlight. Applying the latest
 ingredients are grown. The first three projects
                                                                    advances in digital biology, the new enzymes have the
 are looking at water preservation and soil
                                                                    potential to significantly reduce the number of ingredients we
 health with key suppliers of tomatoes, rice
                                                                    use, while delivering superior products, new cleaning benefits
 and vegetables. Knorr grew high single-digit
                                                                    and a lower environmental footprint.
 in 2021.
                                                                    See our website for more on our Clean Future strategy
24                                                                               Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Consumers continued




Responding to fast-changing hygiene habits                         "We’re radically
People’s hygiene habits continued to evolve during the year,       transforming some of the
and with this came unpredictable and challenging market
conditions for our cleaning and disinfecting brands. In this       most popular cleaning
context, we decided to evolve and expand our portfolio to
continue to meet consumers’ existing and future needs.
                                                                   and laundry brands in the
Our leading toilet-cleaning brand Domestos now offers
                                                                   world to deliver great
around-the-house disinfection with a range of sprays, foams,       cleaning experiences
cleaning liquids and wipes – making these available to
consumers in our top 30 markets. Lifebuoy home disinfectants,      with lower environmental
delivering 24 hours of disinfection with 100% natural cleaning
ingredients, are now available in the UK, Germany, Vietnam,
                                                                   impact."
Malaysia and Singapore. And in Indonesia we rolled out a new
                                                                   Peter ter Kulve
antibacterial Sunlight washing-up liquid that can be used
                                                                   President, Home Care
without water and rinsing.

Our air purification brand Blueair enjoyed a particularly
strong year in 2021. Its latest innovation, HealthProtect, which
provides protection against viruses and bacteria, supported a
record year of growth for Blueair. The brand also made great
strides in its Freedom to Breathe campaign which supports
children’s right to clean air, after the Committee of the UN
Convention on the Rights of the Child acknowledged children’s
right to clean air.


Value through more convenient formats and channels
Our Home Care brands have a long track record of helping
consumers access more convenient formats which offer
superior benefits and create more value in the market. Our
market development activities have accelerated liquid
detergent growth to double-digit in most of our key developing
and emerging markets. And we’re moving consumers from
laundry liquids to laundry capsules, so that they get the right
dose of detergent every time. Our capsules business enjoyed
strong growth, gaining share in most markets. And our OMO
capsules became the second most popular laundry capsules
in China, ranking first in offline channels.

As more people turned to online shopping to conveniently buy
their cleaning and laundry products during the pandemic,
we’ve renewed our focus on growing our home care digital
commerce business. We’ve also invested in a digital capability
team, including a dedicated unit in the UK to create and
launch ‘design for eCommerce’ innovations. Sales through
eCommerce accounted for 16% of our Home Care turnover
in 2021.

We continue to focus on taking unproductive costs out of our
business. Our 5S programme delivered €190 million of savings,
helping us to invest in future shopping channels, product
formats, media, consumer needs and sustainable innovation.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                         25




           Customers




                                                                                                                                       STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
We work with our many retail partners to help them
grow sustainably alongside Unilever.

Our products reach the hands of consumers through millions         Digital acceleration
of retail outlets in around 190 countries. Our customer partners
                                                                   Despite the recent surge in digital commerce, only around a
range from large traditional stores to online-only retailers,
                                                                   third of the world’s population shop online – which represents
and from small family-owned shops to value retailers. As our
                                                                   a huge opportunity for growth. We’re seeing the rise of new
gateway to the people who buy and use our products, these
                                                                   models like social commerce, where people shop through
customer partners are critical to our success.
                                                                   social media platforms, and quick commerce, where people
                                                                   expect to receive their orders in less than an hour. And
A shifting retail landscape                                        we’re seeing continued growth through some of our biggest
                                                                   eCommerce partners, Amazon and Alibaba.
Our customers had to adapt throughout the year to changes
in people’s buying habits as Covid-related restrictions came       Our eCommerce sales grew by 44% in 2021 and now represent
and went and shopping patterns shifted in different ways at        13% of our turnover. We’re investing significantly in our ability
different times around the world. One consistency was the          to fulfil online customer orders and our own technology, skills
ongoing growth of online retail – with consumers shopping          and capabilities in digital commerce. Our aim is to be the
more and more online and new groups of shoppers, such as           digital commerce partner of choice, helping our customers
older age groups, joining them. During the year, global supply     grow in the channels of the future. The power of our brands
chain and logistics challenges made it harder for retailers to     and marketing, our inclusive content and design, the strength
predict product availability. So we focused on offering more       of our supply chain and our focus on sustainability allows us to
proactive planning and strategic support and establishing          form unique partnerships.
new ways to help our partners of all sizes grow.
                                                                   We’re a launch partner for Amazon as they expand into new
                                                                   markets – most recently Egypt and Poland where our products
Partnering for growth                                              were available on the day of launch. As one of a select group
                                                                   of manufacturers in Amazon’s Tier 1 Global Vendor Program,
We survey our customers using the Advantage Group Survey
                                                                   we work closely together on retail, supply chain, media and
to understand our strengths and where we need to improve.
                                                                   sustainability initiatives around the world. Our offering under
This year across the 34 markets we surveyed, we continued to
                                                                   their Climate Pledge Friendly programme continues to expand,
improve customer satisfaction. We were told that customers
                                                                   with over 700 items in the programme in 2021. More than half
value the quality of our consumer insights and that we’re
                                                                   of these are certified as compact by design – lighter products
improving in our service and supply. We were also rated
                                                                   that use less water and packaging, so need less energy to
leaders in sustainability. Based on these findings, we continue
                                                                   deliver and use. Our Amazon US Climate Pledge Friendly
to improve our capabilities for closer collaboration, smoother
                                                                   selection online accounted for 7% of our US eCommerce
processes, more powerful insights and solid business planning
                                                                   turnover in 2021 – and this will continue to be a key focus for
and execution. For instance, we're transforming our core
                                                                   the future.
business processes across functions by using technology and
data to create a superior customer experience.                     We partner with Alibaba across 13 markets. In China, our
                                                                   collaboration goes beyond core commerce into digital
                                                                   transformation across the value chain: from suppliers to
                                                                   marketing to consumer recycling. In March 2021, we launched
                                                                   a joint innovation centre in Hangzhou, China to quickly test,
                                                                   refine and scale product innovations. Our strategic partnership
                                                                   with Alibaba’s Lazada platform has helped our products reach
                                                                   consumers across South East Asia since 2017. We also see
                                                                   huge potential in Europe through AliExpress, Alibaba’s new
                                                                   local marketplace.
26                                                                                          Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Customers continued


                                                                              "In this rapidly changing
                                                                              environment, we are
                                                                              partnering with our
                                                                              customers big and small,
Strategic growth for large retail partners                                    digital and physical, to
Most of our large retail partners are evolving from traditional
‘bricks and mortar’ stores to selling across a blend of channels
                                                                              drive shopper loyalty
(omnichannel), with digital commerce playing a significant                    and conversion."
role. This change in business model requires new ways of
thinking about and reaching consumers.                                        Keith Higgins
The shift has led to challenges around product distribution,                  Chief Customer Development Officer
availability, visibility and promotion for many of our large
retail customers. In 2021, we ran pilots of location-based
analytics in the US, UK and Netherlands allowing us to track
how our products were performing store by store to help            Helping small retailers become future-fit
customers meet these challenges.
                                                                   We believe that by helping smaller retailers engage with
We also launched a strategic growth initiative for our large       the digital economy, we can help them build more resilient
retail customers. Through the Partners4Growth programme,           and profitable businesses that also grow our sales. In 2021,
we’re harnessing insights and foresights from our advanced         we expanded our e-business-to-business (eB2B) platforms
shopper data analytics to help our customers create growth         co-created and owned by Unilever, such as Shikhar in India,
plans and make sure they have the right products in the            Compra Agora in Brazil and GoToko in Indonesia, to help small
right places at the right time. After piloting this approach to    retailers meet the changing needs of today’s shoppers. We've
mutual growth with Walmart, Carrefour, Target and Ahold-           added thousands of new customers each month to reach half
Delhaize Benelux, we plan to expand to other key customers         of the 4.7 million small stores in the Asia, Latin America and
and ultimately bring all of the elements of our collaboration      Africa markets we directly serve. They also offer many of our
together in an integrated digital platform.                        smaller customers access to things like extended payment
Closer collaboration and insight-driven initiatives like these     terms and cashless payments that help them keep their
with our most valuable customers, alongside a focus on             shelves stocked and increase their profits.
our biggest purpose-led brands, are helping us to further          We’re working with external researchers to independently
accelerate mutual growth.                                          assess the impact of three of our initiatives providing small-
                                                                   scale retailers in our value chain with access to finance,
                                                                   technology and training. These include Jaza Duka in Kenya,
                                                                   Siparis Direkt in Turkey and Kabisig Summits in the Philippines.
                                                                   The studies found that 68% of participants reported that their
         In focus                                                  business grew as a result of being in the programmes. As the
                                                                   retail world moves more and more online, we’ll continue to
         Empowering small retailers
                                                                   invest in digital and financial inclusion for our small retailers
         through apps
                                                                   everywhere. See page 30 for more on how we’re creating
                                                                   economic opportunities throughout our retail value chain.
 We’re expanding our e-business-to-business
 (eB2B) platforms to give our small retail
 customers a safe, non-contact way of                              Selling with purpose
 interacting with us at convenient times to
                                                                   With sustainability an important consideration in many
 place orders, track stock and shipments, and
                                                                   consumers’ buying decisions, we’re working with our customers
 see prices and promotions. Not only does this
                                                                   to deliver on our strategic priorities – such as climate action
 create a better experience for our customers,
                                                                   and health and wellbeing – while engaging consumers
 it helps them increase sales – our digitally
                                                                   on these important issues. One example is our continued
 enrolled customers grew by 4% more than
                                                                   partnership with Alibaba to create China’s first large-scale
 offline-only stores in 2021. And we can use the
                                                                   closed-loop system of recycling machines. These use artificial
 data from these apps to predict sales, manage
                                                                   intelligence to sort plastic packaging so that it can be fast-
 inventory, offer insight-based advice to
                                                                   tracked for reuse – and consumers get ‘green points’ for their
 retailers and improve our customer experience.
                                                                   deposits, which they can use to plant trees or protect land.

                                                                   Another is the Hygiene 101 sale in the Philippines with Lazada,
                                                                   Shopee and Grab, where popular brands such as Lifebuoy
                                                                   handwash and Domex cleaner were sold with hygiene tips and
                                                                   vouchers to help spread good habits. This was part of a bigger
                                                                   campaign in partnership with the Philippine Public Health
                                                                   Association to create better hygiene behaviours.

                                                                   We’re also bringing our brands’ purposes to life in retail
                                                                   outlets. Through in-store campaigns and materials, we've
                                                                   now reached over 8 million points of sale display units.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                           27




           Suppliers & business partners




                                                                                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
We’re working more closely with our many suppliers and
partners around the world to deliver our strategy.

Our supplier ecosystem includes millions of people around the      Partnerships fit for the future
world – from large multinationals to start-ups and small local
                                                                   Our ongoing success rests on working with many innovative
producers who provide us with goods and services such as
                                                                   and purposeful businesses and offering them a great
raw materials, logistics, advertising, professional services and
                                                                   experience. We know that while our suppliers value our
much more. We also work with a range of business partners,
                                                                   sustainability ambitions and the relationships they have
including industry peers, innovation agencies, universities and
                                                                   with us, they want Unilever to be quicker, simpler and easier
joint ventures, to help unlock growth and find solutions that
                                                                   to work with. In 2021, we improved our partner experience
benefit our stakeholders.
                                                                   through a new integrated supplier helpdesk with a single point
                                                                   of contact and faster query resolution times. We’ll be rolling
Stronger together                                                  out the helpdesk globally in 2022.
Covid-related restrictions continued to challenge supply           We continue to invest in technology to enhance our supply
chains in 2021, with lockdowns affecting our suppliers’            chain, with digital transformation allowing us to re-engineer
businesses in many parts of the world. Commodities,                production lines and apply automation and AI to be more
packaging and transport all experienced high levels of             responsive and resilient. We developed an award-winning
inflation. There were shortages of agricultural raw materials,     Covid-19 dashboard which uses real-time data and machine
such as tomatoes, soybean oil and rapeseed oil, caused by          learning to monitor and predict trends down to site level. This
extreme weather conditions. And globally, supply chains and        helped us identify and manage risks in our operations. We’ve
services were put under pressure due to labour shortages.          also created a version of the dashboard to share with our
Meanwhile, consumer demand rebounded in many areas,                supply chain partners.
calling for deeper collaboration, agility and innovation with
                                                                   Our Virtual Ocean Control Tower also proved indispensable
our network of partners to secure supplies and stay resilient.
                                                                   in mitigating the effects of the Suez Canal blockage in 2021,
To overcome these challenges, we spread production of              giving us real-time visibility of sea cargo location, container
products across our manufacturing network and held                 details and estimated time of arrival. This helps our logistics,
inventory closer to the consumer to ensure availability. We        planning and procurement teams minimise delays and makes
also enhanced our procurement approach: partnering with            our cross-border supply chain more efficient and resilient.
scoutbee, for example, to bring AI into our supplier discovery
                                                                   Increases in speed and agility must not, of course, come at
process to quicken, streamline and strengthen our search for
                                                                   the expense of product quality. So we also introduced a new
partners – giving us a more resilient network.
                                                                   digital process for addressing quality defects with our raw
                                                                   ingredient and packaging supply partners. This is allowing us
                                                                   to better track, analyse and manage quality issues, and we’ll
                                                                   be rolling this out to all factories and supply partners in 2022.
                                                                   We know we need to bring more collaborative technology
                                                                   to our relationships with our suppliers, and are working to
                                                                   increase the speed and scale of platforms and processes
                                                                   like this one.
"Through purpose-led
partnerships, we’re
innovating and finding
new opportunities
to accelerate growth
and scale industry
transformation."
Reginaldo Ecclissato
Chief Business Operations Officer
28                                                                                                            Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Suppliers & business partners continued




From strategy to action                                                     diversity to its search criteria – reinforcing this as a critical
                                                                            element we look for in all potential suppliers.
Our direct suppliers are the gateway to the millions of
people in our wider supply chain. So they’re critical to                    We expanded our supplier diversity programmes in North
building a more inclusive world, slowing climate change, and                America and South Africa and began new ones in seven
protecting natural resources. We simply can’t do these things               other countries – the UK, Ireland, India, Thailand, Australia,
without them.                                                               Brazil and Kenya – where we’d identified conditions for good
                                                                            progress. For example, in the UK we’re working with Google,
We’ve started to turn our strategy into action by working with
                                                                            Dow and WPP on an accelerator programme to empower
our partners on pilots, roadmaps, capability building and
                                                                            diverse businesses. And in Kenya, we began partnering with
information sharing. At the very end of 2020, we launched our
                                                                            International Finance Corporation (IFC) on Sourcing2Equal, a
Partner with Purpose programme to help us find innovative
                                                                            three-year project helping women-owned small and medium
and impactful ways to deliver on our ambitious commitments
                                                                            businesses access corporate procurement opportunities.
with our supply partners and generate mutual growth.
                                                                            We spent €445 million with diverse suppliers in 2021, the
Throughout 2021, we held a series of global and market-
                                                                            first year of our ambitious goal to spend €2 billion annually
specific virtual events to share our strategy and commitments
                                                                            by 2025. As a global commitment, this covers all markets –
and recognise supplier contributions. In August, we launched
                                                                            many with little or no infrastructure for supporting diverse
our Partner Promise Programme to encourage suppliers to
                                                                            businesses. So in 2021, we also invited 450 of our closest
begin their own sustainability journeys, initially in three critical
                                                                            supply partners to commit to growing their own workforce
areas: climate, supplier diversity and living wage.
                                                                            and supplier diversity in order to start growing the demand for
                                                                            more diverse businesses.
Reducing emissions through our supply chain
In 2020, we set out our ambition to achieve net zero emissions              Responsible sourcing
across our value chain by 2039.(a) This is a collective challenge,
                                                                            Partnerships based on clear standards of responsible sourcing
and an urgent one. Our suppliers bring critical climate action
                                                                            strengthen our supply chain and the businesses within it. Our
innovations to us. Through our partnership with Neste, for
                                                                            Responsible Sourcing Policy (RSP) sets out our commitment
example, we’re exploring new sources of renewable and
                                                                            to conduct business with integrity, and with respect for
recycled carbon for our cleaning product formulations. In
                                                                            universal human and labour rights as well as environmental
June, we joined forces with Coca-Cola and Colgate-Palmolive
                                                                            sustainability. It’s a crucial part of the due diligence we
in AB InBev’s 100+ accelerator to push sustainable innovation
                                                                            undertake to identify and encourage remediation by suppliers
in climate, water, packaging and sustainable agriculture
                                                                            of issues within our extended supply chain.
in supply chains. We began five pilots to test innovations
in sustainable packaging, water and energy – for example,                   In 2021, the proportion of our suppliers meeting the
converting food waste into animal feed in East Africa and                   requirements of our RSP reached 81%. Our 2021 performance
repurposing brewery grains for packaging materials in China.                is not comparable to previous years as we now include new
We also take part in groups with similar ambitions, such as                 acquisitions that are not yet fully integrated into our systems.
Transform to Net Zero and the Exponential Roadmap Initiative,               We risk-assess our suppliers against the RSP and require those
to learn from others and share our own experience to help                   we identify as high-risk to undergo an independent audit
accelerate climate action in supply chains. For more on how                 verifying they can meet our requirements. We require suppliers
we're working with our suppliers see page 53.                               to put in place corrective actions to remedy any identified
See our website for more on partnering with suppliers to deliver net zero   non-conformances so that they can remain compliant. This
                                                                            year, we improved the compliance process for new suppliers
Dialling up diversity                                                       by ensuring that they only work with us once they confirm they
                                                                            can meet the requirements of our RSP. We’re strengthening
Having a more diverse supply chain not only helps shape a                   our process for existing suppliers to ensure we only raise new
fairer and more socially inclusive world – it allows us to unlock           purchase orders for those who remain RSP compliant.
innovation and agility and better address the needs of our
diverse consumers. Despite the volatility of the year, we made              We’re launching a refreshed RSP in 2022 with an expanded
progress on our commitment to help our suppliers improve                    focus on climate and nature – and a new requirement for
their own diversity and increase our spend with diverse                     suppliers to pay a living wage, which will be introduced
suppliers. Our first step was to understand where we’re starting            progressively across different portfolios until it is mandatory
from and begin tracking our spend. We ran our first global                  for all by 2030 – see page 30 for more on living wage.
survey to map our spending with diverse businesses and are                  See our website for more on responsible sourcing
now working on validating our data and assessing which
procurement categories should be prioritised. Our technology                (a) The definition of ‘net zero’ is outlined in our Climate Transition Action Plan.
partner for finding new suppliers, scoutbee, has also added                     See page 53 for further details on the scope of this goal.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                          29




            Planet & society




                                                                                                                                       STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
Our business simply will not prosper without
a healthy planet and society.

Our approach to sustainability continues to recognise               less or no plastic. We’re working with Pulpex to create the
the interconnection of the planet and society – and that            first- ever paper-based laundry detergent bottle, piloting this
sustainable business can be a driver of business performance.       with OMO in Brazil. And we’re expanding our in-store refill
                                                                    programmes, now in 11 countries, including refill stations in
                                                                    Asda and Co-op stores in the UK, and vending machines in
Improving the health of our planet                                  India for Surf Excel, Comfort and Vim refills.
As the UN announced ‘code red for humanity’ in 2021, the
                                                                    Currently, 53% of our packaging is recyclable, reusable or
urgency of our work to tackle climate change, reduce plastic
                                                                    compostable. This is our actual recyclability rate (which
waste and protect nature has never been greater.
                                                                    is based on the EMF Global Commitment definition of
                                                                    'recyclable'), which is significantly less than the 70% of
Climate action                                                      our packaging portfolio that is technically recyclable with
                                                                    existing technology. This gap is an industry-wide challenge
We put our Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP) to a
                                                                    and is primarily driven by a lack of collection and recycling
shareholder vote at our AGM in May 2021. The plan received
                                                                    infrastructure. We’re working with local governments and
overwhelming support, with 99.59% of votes in favour. For
                                                                    partners to close this gap, while we continue to deploy new
more detail on progress against our CTAP during 2021 and our
                                                                    materials and technologies. For instance, Signal, Pepsodent
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
                                                                    and Closeup are shifting to fully recyclable toothpaste tubes.
statement, see pages 51 to 62.
                                                                    In 2021 we rolled out recyclable flexibles in North America
See our website for more on climate action
                                                                    for Dove and Love Beauty and Planet. And in Vietnam, we
                                                                    launched a trial of recyclable sachets for CLEAR shampoo, with
A waste-free world                                                  the aim of collecting and recycling the sachets for other uses.
We’re making progress towards our ambitious goals around            We’re also ramping up our collection and processing of post-
virgin plastic reduction, recycled plastic use, making our          consumer plastic waste. Our business in India was one of
packaging recyclable, and collection and processing of              the first to help collect and process more plastic than it sold,
plastic. However, we know there is still a lot more to do. In       and we have roadmaps for achieving this in other markets.
just three years, we've increased our use of recycled plastic to    We have more work to do to scale up our collection efforts.
approximately 17% of our total packaging portfolio (July 2020       Industry partnerships will be key, such as our work with Mars,
to June 2021 – the reporting period for all our plastic metrics).   Mondelēz, Nestlé, PepsiCo and UK retailers to incentivise the
Our end of 2021 forecast was around 20%, putting us well on         recycling of flexible packaging. In the US, we've made a $15
track to meet our commitment of at least 25% recycled plastic       million investment in the Closed Loop Partners’ Leadership
by 2025.                                                            Fund to help improve recycling. Advocacy is an important part
Many of our brands are now using high levels of recycled            of our plastics strategy. In January 2022, alongside more than
plastic in their packaging. In 2021, Hellmann’s launched 100%       70 other businesses, we called for an ambitious and legally
recycled packaging in almost two-thirds of its markets. In          binding UN treaty to tackle plastic pollution on a global scale,
Europe, Knorr has introduced bouillon tubs and lids made            similar in intent to the Paris Agreement.
from 100% recycled material, Swedish Glace now offers its           See our website for more on plastic
plant-based ice cream in food-grade and freezable recycled
plastic tubs, and Persil comes in lighter bottles made with 70%     We’re also focused on reducing food waste. We’re using
recycled plastic. Dove uses 100% recycled plastic in its bottles    predictive analytics and automation to better manage stock
in Europe and North America (where technically feasible) and        as well as apps to help chefs and caterers become more aware
98% of its new refillable deodorant packaging in the US is          of food waste. Hellmann’s continues its efforts to cut waste in
made from recycled plastic.                                         homes and hospitality. Its #MakeTasteNotWaste campaign
                                                                    encourages quick and easy ways to use up leftovers, reaching
Due to our step up on recycled plastic, we've reduced our total
                                                                    more than 150 million people around the world. Hellmann’s
virgin plastic packaging footprint since 2018 by around 16%
                                                                    grew double-digit in 2021. See page 52 for more on food waste.
to 599,000 tonnes. We have more projects than ever exploring
                                                                    See our website for more on food waste
30                                                                                            Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Planet & society continued




Protect and regenerate nature                                      Raising living standards
We continue to work towards a deforestation-free supply chain      Since 2020, we’ve continued to pay all our employees a living
for palm oil, paper and board, tea, soy, and cocoa. We’ve          wage, and in 2021 were awarded our first global independent
made progress in moving our sourcing footprint to areas of         accreditation as a living wage employer from the Fair Wage
lower risk of deforestation. We’re working towards reporting of    Network.
low-risk deforestation volumes from 2022 and independently
                                                                   In 2021, we made a groundbreaking commitment that
verified deforestation-free volumes from 2023. Our efforts in
                                                                   everyone who directly provides goods and services to us will
tackling deforestation and sustainable sourcing have been
                                                                   earn at least a living wage or living income by 2030. We’re
recognised by CDP, through our inclusion on the A List for
                                                                   starting with our manufacturing and agriculture supply chain,
Forests in 2021.
                                                                   where workers tend to be the most vulnerable. We’re engaging
During the year, we strengthened our contractual framework         our teams in the four markets with the biggest gap between
with key suppliers in palm and soy so we are working on            the legal minimum wage and living wage in our supply chain.
aligned commitments. We created independent verification           And we’ve begun engaging with our suppliers to understand
protocols and piloted these in our sourcing of palm oil,           their living wage position and how best to support and
cocoa, and soy. We also expanded the coverage of our palm          engage them.
oil monitoring platform, which uses satellite imagery and
                                                                   In addition, we know there are many barriers to small
geolocation data to measure deforestation in our supply
                                                                   businesses thriving, such as lack of access to skills, finance
chain. And along with NASA, Google, and others, we developed
                                                                   and technology. We’ve launched new programmes to move
the Forest Data Partnership to collect data on forests and
                                                                   towards our goal to help 5 million small and medium-sized
ecosystems.
                                                                   businesses in our retail value chain grow by 2025, reaching
Our People & Nature Policy enhances our supplier                   1.2 million in 2021.
requirements around no deforestation and human rights for          See our website for more on raising living standards
our key commodities. We also published our Regenerative
Agriculture Principles, guiding our suppliers and farmers,         Equity, diversity and inclusion
including smallholders, on how to nourish soil and water,
capture carbon and restore land. By the end of 2021, we            Our research shows that more progressive advertising has
had 53,000 hectares under protection and regeneration in           the potential to deliver 74% better brand power – a key
partnership with others. Brands like Knorr are playing a leading   measure of consumer attraction for brands. Through our Act 2
role in driving our regenerative agriculture programmes (see       Unstereotype programme, we're integrating more diverse and
page 52).                                                          inclusive thinking at every point of our marketing – to ensure
                                                                   it reflects the diversity of society. For examples of how our
Water is essential for our business – the crops we grow, how       brands are working to shape a fairer and more inclusive world,
we make our products, and how consumers use our brands.            see pages 21 and 31, and for diversity and inclusion in our
We’re expanding our focus on water beyond our factory              workforce and supply chain, see pages 19 and 28.
gates, starting with 12 factories in a number of water-stressed
countries. We’re also working with the 2030 Water Resources
Group to address water security for consumers in Bangladesh,       The future of work
India, Brazil, South Africa and Vietnam. Ensuring our Home         We’re working to help young people find their purpose and
Care and Beauty & Personal Care products are biodegradable         match it with skills that will prepare them for the future of
is another key part of our approach to water stewardship.          work – giving us access to talented young workers. Our LevelUp
We’re working with suppliers and innovation partners to find       programme in South Africa for example, aims to break barriers
alternative biodegradable ingredients that don’t compromise        to employment through purpose workshops, digital learning,
on product performance. See page 23 for more.                      mentoring and work experience. For more on how we’re
See our website for more on nature and water                       preparing our own people for the future of work, see pages 18
                                                                   to 19.
A fairer, more inclusive world                                     See our website for more on the future of work

We’re helping to build more resilient and equitable
communities by raising living standards, advancing equity,         Improving health, confidence and wellbeing
diversity and inclusion and preparing people for the future        Our brands continued their work to promote health and
of work.                                                           wellbeing, inclusive beauty and positive nutrition – finding
                                                                   ways to power growth through purpose.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                       31




                                                                                                                                    STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
Health and wellbeing                                            nutrition by 2025 – including impactful amounts of vegetables,
                                                                fruits, protein and fibre as well as micronutrients. At the end
Covid has brought the importance of hygiene into sharp
                                                                of 2021, 41% of our products delivered positive nutrition (per
relief. Lifebuoy's purpose is preventing illness and saving
                                                                serving), keeping us on track towards our goal – see page
lives through handwashing with soap. Its H for Handwashing
                                                                35 for more including our progress in reducing salt, sugar
education campaign has been teaching children about the
                                                                and calories.
importance of handwashing since its launch in 2020. And the
Hygiene & Behaviour Change Coalition created by Lifebuoy,       We’re using our voice to push for a sustainable food system,
Domestos, the UK government and others has equipped             for example at the UN Food Systems Summit in 2021 where
many more to practise better hygiene. Lifebuoy also began       we called for a move to more plant-based proteins and more
offering free doctor teleconsultations on pack and through      action on food loss and waste. We know there is more to
its communications across India, Indonesia, Bangladesh,         do, but we’re proud that our efforts are being recognised.
Pakistan and Vietnam. Our Pepsodent/Signal toothpaste           We ranked first in the World Benchmarking Alliance’s Food
brand also expanded its oral health services in Indonesia       and Agriculture Benchmark and number two in the global
by providing free dental consultations via WhatsApp during      Access to Nutrition Initiative (ATNI) Index, which ranks the
Covid-19 restrictions, with other markets to follow in 2022.    nutrition programmes of the top 25 global food and beverage
We see access to healthcare services as an important way to     manufacturers.
grow household penetration of our brands by providing vital     See our website for more on positive nutrition
services to communities.

Our brands also expanded their efforts to improve confidence    Respecting and promoting human rights
and wellbeing. Rexona deodorant extended its Breaking Limits    Respect for human rights is at the heart of our business and
programme to help young people in Brazil, the US and the UK     the responsibility of every person in Unilever. We work with
overcome barriers to being active – funding community sports    suppliers, peers, industry bodies, trade unions and civil society
projects and access to coaches. Sunsilk continued its work to   to address human rights impacts so that everyone connected
empower girls and young women through its Explore More          to our value chain is treated with respect, dignity and fairness.
programme with Girl Rising, which has reached more than
56,000 young people from underserved communities in six         In support of our commitment to respect and promote human
countries. Our brand-led initiatives helped to improve health   rights and the effective implementation of the UN Guiding
and wellbeing and advance equity and inclusion for almost       Principles, in 2021 we created a framework to enable us to
700 million people in 2021.                                     address human rights issues consistently and effectively. We're
                                                                using it to define a theory of change, and action plans which
See our website for more on improving health and wellbeing
                                                                include capability building and impact assessment metrics
                                                                to measure progress. We used the framework to implement
Positive nutrition
                                                                capability building on responsible recruitment for our suppliers
We’re continuing to increase the nutritional value and reduce   – which includes an e-learning platform and toolkit – and our
salt, sugar and calories in our foods and refreshments. 63%     procurement teams.
of our portfolio met our WHO-aligned nutrition standards.
                                                                Our Human Rights Reports explain our progress and the due
Fortifying foods with micronutrients is another long-standing
                                                                diligence we've undertaken in tackling the many human rights
priority, now linked to our goal to double the number of
                                                                challenges such as forced labour, gender-based violence and
products sold that deliver Unilever's standards for positive
                                                                living wages.

                                                                We continued to work on women’s inclusion and safety in
                                                                agriculture, manufacturing and last-mile distribution. We'll be
                                                                introducing safety frameworks in priority regions and making
         In focus                                               sure our direct suppliers have policies and processes in place
         OMO: Purple carbon cleaning                            to support inclusion and address sexual and gender-based
         power                                                  violence.
                                                                See our website for more on human rights
  We’ve teamed up with biotech partners
  LanzaTech and India Glycols to capture
  carbon dioxide waste from steel factories
  and turn it into a climate-friendly cleaning
  ingredient. This ‘purple carbon’ technology
  – carbon captured from industrial emissions
  – has so far been used in OMO laundry
  liquid capsules in China and in Sunlight
  dishwashing liquid in South Africa. This is
  just one example of how we’re reinventing
  the chemistry of our Home Care products to
  create growth opportunities for our brands
  while cutting the use of fossil fuels.
32                                                               Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Our performance
Financial performance

Group performance


Unilever
                                                          2021                2020                    2019



Turnover growth
                                                       3.4%              (2.4%)                    2.0%


Underlying sales growth*
                                                       4.5%                 1.9%                   2.9%

Underlying volume growth*
                                                       1.6%                1.6%                    1.2%

Operating margin
                                                      16.6%               16.4%                  16.8%


Underlying operating margin*
                                                      18.4%               18.5%                  19.1%


Free cash flow*
                                                     €6.4bn             €7.7bn                 €6.1bn


Cash flow from operating activities
                                                    €10.3bn           €10.9bn                 €10.6bn


Net cash flow (used in)/from investing activities
                                                    €(3.2)bn          €(1.5)bn               €(2.2)bn


Net cash flow (used in)/from financing activities
                                                    €(7.1)bn         €(5.8)bn                €(4.7)bn


Divisional performance


Beauty & Personal Care
                                                          2021                2020                    2019



Turnover
                                                    €21.9bn           €21.1bn                 €21.9bn


Turnover growth
                                                       3.7%              (3.4%)                    6.0%


Underlying sales growth
                                                       3.8%                 1.2%                   2.6%


Operating margin
                                                      20.4%               20.4%                  20.7%


Underlying operating margin
                                                      21.7%               21.7%                  22.7%
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                           33




                                                                                                                                                                         STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
Divisional performance continued


Foods & Refreshment
                                                                                                       2021                        2020                           2019



Turnover
                                                                                  €20.0bn                                €19.1bn                     €19.3bn


Turnover growth
                                                                                            4.3%                             (0.8%)                      (4.6%)


Underlying sales growth
                                                                                            5.6%                               1.3%                         1.5%


Operating margin
                                                                                        14.7%                                14.4%                       14.6%


Underlying operating margin
                                                                                        17.4%                                17.0%                       17.5%


Home Care
                                                                                                       2021                        2020                           2019



Turnover
                                                                                  €10.6bn                                €10.5bn                     €10.8bn


Turnover growth
                                                                                            1.1%                             (3.4)%                         6.9%


Underlying sales growth
                                                                                            3.9%                               4.5%                         6.1%


Operating margin
                                                                                        12.2%                                11.9%                       12.7%


Underlying operating margin
                                                                                        13.4%                                14.5%                       14.8%

* Key Financial Indicators.


Underlying sales growth, underlying volume growth, underlying operating margin and free cash flow are non-GAAP measures. For further information about these
measures, and the reasons why we believe they are important for an understanding of the performance of the business, please refer to our commentary on non-GAAP
measures on pages 39 to 43.
34                                                                    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Our performance continued



Non-financial performance

We're at the early stages of delivering against our Compass
commitments. Further commentary can be found on pages 18 to 31.

Improve the health of the planet

Climate action                                            Target      2021             2020            2019


        Zero GHG emissions in our operations by 2030
        (% change in tonnes of GHG emissions from
        energy and refrigerant use since 2015)(a)
                                                         -100%     -64%            -58%             -42%


        Halve GHG impact of our products across the
        lifecycle by 2030 (% change in grams of CO2e
        per consumer use since 2010)
                                                         -50%      -14%†           -10%              -8%

Protect and regenerate nature                             Target      2021             2020            2019



        Help protect and regenerate 1.5 million
        hectares of land, forests and oceans by 2030     1.5m      0.1m                  –               –

        100% sustainable sourcing of our key
        agricultural crops (% purchased)(b)              100%      79%                   –               –

Waste-free world                                          Target      2021             2020            2019



        50% virgin plastic reduction by 2025,
        including an absolute reduction of 100,000
        tonnes (% change in total tonnes of virgin
        plastic used vs 2018 baseline)(c)(d)
                                                         -50%      -16%                  –               –


        100% reusable, recyclable or compostable
        plastic packaging by 2025 (% of total tonnes
        of reusable, recyclable or compostable plastic
        packaging used)(c)(e)
                                                         100%      53%              52%              50%


        Maintain zero non-hazardous waste to
        landfill in our factories (% disposed)            0%        0%                0%               0%

        Halve food waste in our operations by 2025
        (% change since 2019)                            -50%      -3%                  –                –

Improve people’s health, confidence and wellbeing

Positive nutrition                                        Target      2021             2020            2019



        Double the number of products sold that
        deliver positive nutrition by 2025 (% of
        servings sold)
                                                         54%       41%                   –               –
    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                35




                                                                                                                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
Improve people’s health, confidence and wellbeing continued

Positive nutrition                                                                    Target                               2021                 2020                 2019


                70% of our portfolio to meet WHO-aligned
                nutritional standards by 2022 (% of sales
                by volume)
                                                                                  70%                            63%†                        61%◊                 56%Δ


                95% of packaged ice cream to contain no
                more than 22g total sugar per serving by 2025
                (% of sales by volume)
                                                                                  95%                            89%                               –                    –


                95% of packaged ice cream to contain no
                more than 250 kcal per serving by 2025
                (% of sales by volume)
                                                                                  95%                            94%                         93%                  93%


                85% of our Foods portfolio to help consumers
                reduce their salt intake to no more than
                5g per day by 2022 (% of sales by volume)
                                                                                  85%                            81%†                        77%                  70%

Health and wellbeing                                                                  Target                               2021                 2020                 2019


                Take action through our brands to improve
                health and wellbeing and advance equity
                and inclusion, reaching 1 billion people
                per year by 2030 (number of people
                reached through brand communications
                                                                                   1bn                     686m                                   –                    –
                and initiatives)


Contribute to a fairer and more socially inclusive world

Equity, diversity and inclusion                                                       Target                               2021                 2020                 2019



                Spend €2 billion annually with diverse
                businesses worldwide by 2025                                     €2bn €445m                                                        –                    –

Future of work                                                                        Target                               2021                 2020                 2019



                Reskill or upskill our employees with future-fit
                skills by 2025 (% of employees with future-fit
                skills)
                                                                                100%                                 7%                            –                    –

†      This metric was subject to external independent limited assurance by PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP (‘PwC’) in 2021. For PwC's 2021 Limited Assurance report and the
       2021 Unilever Basis of Preparation for assured metrics see www.unilever.com/planet-and-society/sustainability-reporting-centre/independent-assurance.
◊      This metric was subject to external independence limited assurance by PwC in 2020. For details and 2020 Basis of Preparation, see www.unilever.com/planet-and-
       society/sustainability-reporting-centre/reporting-archive.
Δ      This metric was subject to external independence limited assurance by PwC in 2019. For details and 2019 Basis of Preparation, see www.unilever.com/planet-and-
       society/sustainability-reporting-centre/reporting-archive.
(a)    Restated 2020 and 2019 figures due to a change in alignment of our renewable electricity reporting with the updated RE100 guidance. See page 51 for more
       information.
(b)    This is a new metric which reflects the revised scope of our sustainable sourcing programmes. Previously reported sustainable sourcing metrics are not comparable.
(c)    For the vast majority of products in scope, we have used the actual weight of plastic packaging sold to calculate this metric. For the remainder, we estimate the weight
       using the average packaging weight of similar products.
(d)    For our 2018 baseline, we calculated the weight of plastic packaging sold for around half of products in scope. For the remainder, we estimated the weight of
       packaging sold by extrapolation using sales volumes.
(e)    Refers to ‘actual recyclability’ of plastic packaging, meaning that it is both technically possible to recycle the material; and that there are established examples to
       recycle the material in the region where it is sold.
36                                                                                                  Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Financial review


Good performance in a challenging operating environment.



2021 performance                                                     Emerging markets underlying sales grew by 6.7%, driven
                                                                     by India and China. Latin America grew high-single digit,
The Group generated turnover of €52.4 billion, operating profit
                                                                     led by price. South East Asia declined following tough
of €8.7 billion, net profit of €6.6 billion and free cash flow of
                                                                     Covid-19 restrictions throughout the year. Developed
€6.4 billion.
                                                                     markets underlying sales grew by 1.5% led by a competitive
Turnover increased 3.4%. Underlying sales growth was 4.5%,           performance in US. Europe grew slightly from both price
there was a net positive impact of 1.3% from acquisitions            and volume.
and disposals and a negative currency impact of 2.4% driven
                                                                     Operating profit was €8.7 billion which included €0.9 billion
by weakening of currencies in our key markets such as US,
                                                                     of non-underlying items, primarily restructuring costs and
Turkey, Brazil and India. The growth was competitive and was
                                                                     acquisition and disposal related costs. Restructuring costs
delivered through focus on our strategic choices. Our thirteen
                                                                     of €0.6 billion are comprised of supply chain optimisation
€1 billion brands grew 6.4%. The US, India and China, three
                                                                     projects to improve gross margin and improve network agility,
of our key growth markets, grew at 3.7%, 13.4% and 14.3%
                                                                     and organisational change projects to reduce overheads.
respectively. Our underlying sales growth in eCommerce(a)
was 44%. The major challenge of 2021 was the significant rise        Underlying operating profit was €9.6 billion, an increase of
of input costs. We responded with pricing actions, delivering        2.9%. This included an unfavourable currency impact of 4.3%.
underlying price growth of 2.9%. Covid-19 continued to impact        Underlying operating margin decreased by 10bps. Gross
the operating environment, with new variants resulting               margin decreased by 120bps reflecting very high inflation
in restrictions in some of our key markets which impacted            in raw material, packaging and distribution costs globally.
consumer and channel dynamics.                                       Brand and marketing investment and overheads contributed
                                                                     90bps and 20bps to underlying operating margin respectively.
Acquisition and disposal activities made a positive
                                                                     There was an improvement in underlying operating margin
contribution of 1.3% to turnover. Our 2021 acquisitions included
                                                                     when excluding currency impact. In line with our multi-year
Paula's Choice and Onnit, helping to re-shape our portfolio
                                                                     financial framework, we delivered savings of €2 billion and our
into the high growth spaces of Prestige beauty and Functional
                                                                     profit growth was ahead of our underlying sales growth on a
nutrition respectively. On 18 November 2021, we entered into
                                                                     comparable basis.
an agreement to sell our global tea business, ekaterra, to CVC
Capital Partners Fund VIII for €4.5 billion on a cash-free, debt-    Free cash flow was €6.4 billion compared to €7.7 billion in the
free basis. More details on acquisitions and disposals are in        prior year. Low levels of capital expenditure and favourable
note 21 on pages 161 to 163.                                         working capital movements in 2020 were not repeated.
                                                                     (a) eCommerce sales are defined as online sales made by Unilever to our
                                                                         consumers or customers either directly or through platforms as well as
                                                                         an estimate of our brands' sales through our customers' own websites.




Highlights for the year ended

                                          Beauty & Personal Care    Foods & Refreshment                      Home Care                             Group

                                             2021          2020       2021          2020            2021           2020            2021             2020

Turnover (€ million)                      21,901        21,124      19,971       19,140          10,572         10,460          52,444            50,724
Underlying sales growth (%)                   3.8           1.2        5.6            1.3             3.9            4.5             4.5             1.9
Underlying volume growth (%)                  0.8           1.2        2.9            0.1             0.7            5.1             1.6             1.6
Underlying price growth (%)                   3.0            —         2.7            1.1            3.1            -0.6             2.9             0.3
Operating profit (€ million)                4,471         4,311      2,937         2,749           1,294          1,243           8,702            8,303
Underlying operating profit (€ million)     4,742         4,591      3,477         3,257           1,417          1,519           9,636            9,367
Operating margin (%)                         20.4          20.4       14.7          14.4            12.2           11.9            16.6             16.4
Underlying operating margin (%)              21.7          21.7       17.4          17.0            13.4           14.5            18.4             18.5
Return on assets (%)                          166           140        84             69             172            129             123             102
Free cash flow (€ million)                                                                                                        6,393            7,671
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                   37




Divisional review                                                           Underlying operating profit increased by €151 million. This was




                                                                                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
                                                                            due to a €169 million impact from the growth in turnover and
                                                                            €18 million due to negative gross margin particularly impacted
Beauty & Personal Care
                                                                            by high material inflation in palm oil. This was partially offset
Turnover increased 3.7%. Underlying sales growth was 3.8%,                  by reduction in brand and marketing investment although we
there was a net positive impact of 2.7% from acquisitions and               benefited from efficiencies in advertising production costs.
disposals and a negative currency impact of 2.8%.                           Non-underlying items were €271 million, €9 million lower than
                                                                            the prior year due to lower restructuring costs. Operating profit
All categories delivered good growth apart from skin
                                                                            increased by €160 million.
cleansing which declined following the elevated demand in
the prior year. Skin care grew high-single digit with channels
                                                                            Foods & Refreshment
reopening in 2021. Vaseline performed strongly throughout
the year, supported by several premium innovations across                   Turnover increased 4.3%. Underlying sales growth was 5.6%,
brightening, therapeutics and hydration. Deodorants grew                    there was a net positive impact of 0.6% from acquisitions and
as the market continued to recover, with good growth and                    disposals and a negative currency impact of 1.8%.
restored competitiveness in North America. Rexona relaunched                Ice cream grew mid-single digit. Growth was driven by out-
its core deodorant range with 72-hour non-stop protection                   of-home products, with in-home ice cream flat as we lapped
against sweat and body odour. Hair care grew mid-single digit,              double-digit prior year growth. Magnum and Ben & Jerry’s
with Sunsilk, Dove and CLEAR contributing and styling in North              each grew high-single digit. Ben & Jerry's is now a €1 billion
America restored to competitive growth. Dove grew high-                     brand. Our Ice Cream Now business which catered to the
single digit and is now a €5 billion brand. Oral care grew with             rise of 'in-home' eating by quickly delivering our brands to
good performance in South Asia and Africa. Prestige beauty                  consumers in 35 countries, grew 60% in 2021. Food solutions
delivered strong double-digit growth in 2021 benefiting from                recovered well, with double-digit growth, although Covid-19
eCommerce and a recovery in beauty channels compared                        variants continued to drive uncertainty in the out-of-home
to the prior year. New innovations in Prestige beauty include               channel. In-home savoury saw a slight decline in growth,
Dermalogica's biolumin-c and sound sleep cocoon and REN’s                   following elevated demand in the prior year. Our largest food
zero waste packaging. Prestige beauty reached €1.0 billion                  brand Knorr grew high-single digit across in-home and out-
turnover in 2021 if we include a full year of Paula’s Choice.               of-home channels through innovations such as zero salt stock
Functional nutrition(a) grew double-digit with good growth                  cubes and Rinde Más in Latin America, a plant-based product
in Liquid I.V. and Olly, and reached €1.5 billion turnover if we            that extends the yield of meat dishes while adding flavour.
include a full year of Onnit.                                               Dressings brand Hellmann's grew double-digit for the second
(a) Includes vitamins, minerals & supplements which is reported in Beauty   consecutive year. Our retained tea business grew double-digit.
    & Personal Care and Health Foods Drinks which is reported in Foods
    & Refreshment.
                                                                            Underlying operating profit increased by €220 million. This
                                                                            was due to a €141 million impact from the growth in turnover
                                                                            and €79 million driven by lower overheads and brand
                                                                            and marketing investment as a percentage of turnover,
                                                                            despite a reduction in gross margin as a result of high input
                                                                            cost inflation. Non-underlying items were €540 million,
                                                                            €32 million higher than prior year due to step up in
           In focus                                                         acquisition and disposal related costs partially offset by lower
           Our multi-year financial                                         restructuring costs. Operating profit increased by €188 million.
           framework
                                                                            Home Care
     We will deliver long-term value creation
     by continuing to evolve our portfolio and                              Turnover increased 1.1%. Underlying sales growth was 3.9%
     driving earnings growth, a strong cash flow                            with a negative currency impact of 2.6%.
     and a growing dividend. We expect to do                                In fabric care, mid single-digit growth in fabric cleaning and
     this through:                                                          low-single digit growth in fabric enhancers was led by South
  ▪ Underlying sales growth ahead of our                                    Asia and Latin America. We continued to see good innovation
    markets, delivering USG in the range of 3%                              performance from dilutable laundry liquids across Latin
    to 5%
                                                                            America, under the OMO brand. Capsule and liquid formats
  ▪ Profit growth ahead of sales growth, on a
    comparable basis                                                        continued to grow well, and in China OMO became the
  ▪ Sustained strong cash flow over the long                                leading capsules brand in traditional retail and second-largest
    term                                                                    in eCommerce. Underlying sales in home and hygiene declined
  ▪ Savings of €2 billion per year from our                                 mid-single digit as we lapped strong performance for hygiene
    well-established Fuel for Growth savings                                products in 2020, but home and hygiene continued to trade
    programmes                                                              ahead of pre-pandemic levels.
  ▪ Restructuring investment of around €1
    billion for 2021 and 2022; lower thereafter                             Underlying operating profit decreased by €102 million. This
  ▪ Return on invested capital (ROIC) in the                                was due to a €16 million positive impact from the growth in
    mid-to-high teens                                                       turnover which was more than offset by €118 million impact
  ▪ Net debt to underlying EBITDA at around 2x                              from reduction in gross margin as a result of high cost inflation.
                                                                            This was partially offset by lower brand and marketing
                                                                            investment, following a step up in 2020 as we invested behind
                                                                            high demand hygiene categories. Non-underlying items were
                                                                            €123 million, €153 million lower than prior year due to lower
                                                                            restructuring costs. Operating profit increased by €51 million.
38                                                                                                                      Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Financial review continued




Cash flow                                                                               Goodwill and intangible assets were €38.6 billion. This was
                                                                                        an increase of €3.7 billion compared to the prior year. The
Cash flow from operating activities decreased by €0.6 billion
                                                                                        increase was driven by acquisitions which contributed €2.5
primarily as a result of an unfavourable working capital
                                                                                        billion and a positive impact from currency of €1.9 billion offset
movement. While we maintained our enhanced working capital
                                                                                        by movement of €0.9 billion of goodwill and intangible assets
discipline, the favourable working capital we saw due to the
                                                                                        relating to classifying ekaterra as held for sale. The Paula's Choice
focus on receivables in 2020 during the Covid-19 pandemic was
                                                                                        acquisition was the primary driver of the increase in goodwill and
not repeated.
                                                                                        intangible assets. Total consideration paid was €1,832 million
                                                                                        comprised of €1,818 million cash paid on the completion date
                                                              € million   € million
                                                                                        and €14 million of deferred consideration. Intangible assets and
                                                                  2021        2020
                                                                                        goodwill arising from this acquisition were €1.6 billion and €0.6
 Operating profit                                               8,702       8,303
                                                                                        billion respectively. See note 21 on pages 161 to 163 for more.
 Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                      1,763       2,018
 Changes in working capital                                       (47)        680       Other non-current assets increased by €2.5 billion primarily as a
 Pensions and similar obligations less payments                 (183)       (182)
                                                                                        result of positive investment returns on pension assets. Current
 Provisions less payments                                         (61)        (53)
                                                                                        assets increased by €1.2 billion primarily due to the classification
                                                                                        of ekaterra assets under held for sale offset by a decrease in cash
 Elimination of (profits)/losses on disposals                       23             60
                                                                                        and cash equivalents of €2.1 billion driven by share buybacks.
 Non-cash charge for share-based compensation                     161         108
 Other adjustments                                                (53)         (1)      Non-controlling interest increased by €0.3 billion driven by an
 Cash flow from operating activities                           10,305      10,933       increase in profits.
 Income tax paid                                              (2,333)     (1,875)
 Net capital expenditure                                      (1,239)       (932)
                                                                                        Net debt
 Net interest and preference dividends paid                     (340)       (455)
 Free cash flow*                                                6,393       7,671       Closing net debt was €25.5 billion compared to €20.9 billion
 Net cash flow (used in)/from investing activities            (3,246)     (1,481)
                                                                                        as at 31 December 2020 driven by lower free cash flow, the
                                                                                        share buybacks and acquisitions including Paula’s Choice.
 Net cash flow (used in)/from financing activities            (7,099)     (5,804)
                                                                                        Net debt to underlying earnings before interest, taxation,
* Certain measures used in our reporting are not defined under IFRS. For further
    information about these measures, please refer to the commentary on non-            depreciation and amortisation (UEBITDA) was 2.2x as at
    GAAP measures on pages 39 to 43.                                                    31 December 2021 versus 1.8x in the prior year. Underlying
                                                                                        EBITDA means operating profit before the impact of
Income tax paid increased by €0.5 billion compared to the prior                         depreciation, amortisation and non-underlying items within
year due to country tax rate mix effect, early payment of tax in a                      operating profit. This is primarily used to assess our leverage
few countries relating to the ekaterra separation, and a one-off                        level as referenced in the multi-year financial framework.
tax audit payment to the UK tax authorities.

Net cash flow used in investing activities was €3 billion                               Movement in net pension liability/asset
compared to €1.5 billion in the prior year driven by acquisitions,
                                                                                        The table below shows the movement in net pension liability/
capital expenditure and purchase of financial assets. Capital
                                                                                        asset during the year. Pension assets net of liabilities were
expenditure increased in 2021 following investment returning to
                                                                                        in surplus of €3.0 billion at the end of 2021 compared with a
normal levels.
                                                                                        surplus of €0.3 billion at the end of 2020. The increase was
Net cash flow used in financing activities was €7.1 billion                             driven by positive investment returns on pension assets.
compared to €5.8 billion in the prior year primarily due to                             Liabilities remained unchanged overall, with a decrease
€3 billion share buybacks. In 2021 borrowings net of repayments                         from higher interest rates offsetting an increase due to
was €1.6 billion higher than in the prior year primarily to support                     higher inflation.
the share buybacks.
                                                                                                                                                                   € million

Balance sheet                                                                                                                                                          2021
                                                                                         1 January                                                                      287

                                                              € million   € million
                                                                                         Current service cost                                                         (228)
                                                                                         Employee contributions                                                          13
                                                                  2021        2020
                                                                                         Actual return on plan assets (excluding interest)                            1,958
 Goodwill and intangible assets                                38,591      34,941
                                                                                         Net interest cost                                                             (10)
 Other non-current assets                                      19,103      16,561
                                                                                         Actuarial loss                                                                 464
 Current assets                                                17,401      16,157
                                                                                         Employer contributions                                                         394
 Total assets                                                  75,095      67,659
                                                                                         Currency retranslation                                                         127
 Current liabilities                                           24,778      20,592
                                                                                         Other movements(a)                                                            (12)
 Non-current liabilities                                       30,571      29,412
                                                                                         31 December                                                                  2,993
 Total liabilities                                             55,349      50,004
 Shareholders’ equity                                          17,107      15,266       (a) Other movements relate to special termination benefits, changes in asset
                                                                                            ceiling, past service costs including losses/(gains) on curtailment, settlements
 Non-controlling interest                                       2,639       2,389
                                                                                            and other immaterial movements. For more details see note 4B on pages 125
 Total equity                                                  19,746      17,655           to 131.
 Total liabilities and equity                                  75,095      67,659
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                     39




Finance and liquidity                                                                    Further details are set out in the following notes to the




                                                                                                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
                                                                                         consolidated financial statements: note 10 on pages 138 to 140,
Approximately €0.4 billion (or 11%) of the Group’s cash and
                                                                                         note 15C on page 147 and 148, and note 20 on page 160 and 161.
cash equivalents are held in the parent and central finance
                                                                                         We are satisfied that our financing arrangements are adequate
companies, for maximum flexibility. These companies provide
                                                                                         to meet our short term and long term cash requirements. In
loans to our subsidiaries that are also funded through retained
                                                                                         relation to the facilities available to the Group, borrowing
earnings and third-party borrowings. We maintain access to
                                                                                         requirements do not fluctuate materially during the year and
global debt markets through an infrastructure of short and long-
                                                                                         are not seasonal.
term debt programmes. We make use of plain vanilla derivatives,
such as interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts,
to help mitigate risks. More detail is provided in notes 16, 16A,                        Guaranteed US debt securities
16B and 16C on pages 149 to 155. The remaining €3 billion
                                                                                         At 31 December 2021 the Group had in issue US$12.1 billion (2020:
(or 89%) of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are held in
                                                                                         US$11.5 billion; 2019: US$12.35 billion) bonds in connection with a
foreign subsidiaries which repatriate distributable reserves on a
                                                                                         US shelf registration. See page 198 for more information on these
regular basis. For most countries, this is done through dividends
                                                                                         bonds and related commentary on guarantor information.
which are in some cases subject to withholding or distribution
tax. This balance includes €83 million (2020: €98 million, 2019:
€146 million) of cash that is held in a few countries where we                           Non-GAAP measures
face cross-border foreign exchange controls and/or other legal
                                                                                         Certain discussions and analyses set out in this Annual Report
restrictions that inhibit our ability to make these balances
                                                                                         and Accounts (and the Additional Information for US Listing
available in any means for general use by the wider business.
                                                                                         Purposes) include measures which are not defined by generally
The cash will generally be invested or held in the relevant country
                                                                                         accepted accounting principles (GAAP) such as IFRS. We believe
and, given the other capital resources available to the Group,
                                                                                         this information, along with comparable GAAP measurements, is
does not significantly affect the ability of the Group to meet
                                                                                         useful to investors because it provides a basis for measuring our
its cash obligations. We closely monitor all our exposures and
                                                                                         operating performance, and our ability to retire debt and invest
counter-party limits. Unilever has committed credit facilities in
                                                                                         in new business opportunities. Our management uses these
place for general corporate purposes. The undrawn bilateral
                                                                                         financial measures, along with the most directly comparable
committed credit facilities in place on 31 December 2021 were
                                                                                         GAAP financial measures, in evaluating our operating
$7,965 million. Additional bilateral undrawn revolving 364-day
                                                                                         performance and value creation. Non-GAAP financial measures
credit facilities of €1,500 million were signed in December 2021.
                                                                                         should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute
Further information on liquidity management is set out in note
                                                                                         for, financial information presented in compliance with GAAP.
16A to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                         Wherever appropriate and practical, we provide reconciliation
                                                                                         to relevant GAAP measures.
Material cash commitments from contractual and other
obligations
                                                                                         Explanation and reconciliation of non-GAAP
The following table shows the amount of our contractual and                              measures
other obligations as at 31 December 2021. The material cash
                                                                                         Unilever uses ‘constant rate’ and ‘underlying’ measures primarily
commitments from contractual and other obligations arise
                                                                                         for internal performance analysis and targeting purposes.
from our borrowings which include bonds, commercial paper,
                                                                                         We present certain items, percentages and movements,
bank and other loans, interest on these borrowings and trade
                                                                                         using constant exchange rates, which exclude the impact of
payables and accruals.
                                                                                         fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We calculate
                                        € million                            € million   constant currency values by translating both the current and the
                                             Due    € million   € million      Due in
                           € million     within 1      Due in      Due in      over 5    prior period local currency amounts using the prior year average
                              2021          year    1-3 years   3-5 years       years
                                                                                         exchange rates into euro, except for the local currency of entities
 Bonds                      23,892        2,359       5,091        4,529      11,913     that operate in hyperinflationary economies. These currencies are
 Commercial paper,                                                                       translated into euros using the prior year closing exchange rate
 bank and other
 loans                        4,357       4,338           13           —            6    before the application of IAS 29.
 Interest on                                                                             The table below shows exchange rate movements in our
 financial liabilities        3,564         451          797         639       1,677
                                                                                         key markets.
 Trade payables
 and accruals               14,443       14,320           68          22           33                                         Annual average    Annual average
                                                                                                                                 rate in 2021      rate in 2020
 Lease liabilities            1,939         426          621         404         488
                                                                                         Brazilian real (€1 = BRL)                     6.366             5.781
 Other lease
 commitments                    159           56          53          27           23    Chinese yuan (€1 = CNY)                       7.663             7.862
 Purchase                                                                                Indian rupee (€1 = INR)                     87.599            84.100
 obligations(a) &                                                                        Indonesia rupiah (€1 = IDR)                  16983             16557
 other long-term                                                                         Philippine peso (€1 = PHP)                  58.401            56.447
 commitments                  2,561         885          715         460         501
                                                                                         UK pound sterling (€1 = GBP)                  0.861             0.888
 Others (b)                     589         163          218         208           —
                                                                                         US dollar (€1 = US$)                          1.187             1.135
 Total                      51,504       22,998        7,576       6,289      14,641
(a) For raw and packaging materials and finished goods.
(b) Includes other financial liabilities and deferred consideration for acquisitions.
40                                                                                                                  Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Financial review continued



In the following sections we set out our definitions of the                         Underlying sales growth
following non-GAAP measures and provide reconciliation
                                                                                    Underlying sales growth (USG) refers to the increase in turnover
to relevant GAAP measures:
▪ underlying sales growth;                                                          for the period, excluding any change in turnover resulting from
▪ underlying volume growth;                                                         acquisitions, disposals, changes in currency and price growth in
▪ underlying price growth;                                                          excess of 26% in hyperinflationary economies. Inflation of 26% per
▪ non-underlying items;                                                             year compounded over three years is one of the key indicators
▪ underlying earnings per share;                                                    within IAS 29 to assess whether an economy is deemed to be
▪ underlying operating profit and underlying operating                              hyperinflationary. We believe this measure provides valuable
  margin;
                                                                                    additional information on the underlying sales performance of
▪ underlying effective tax rate;
▪ constant underlying earnings per share;                                           the business and is a key measure used internally. The impact of
▪ free cash flow;                                                                   acquisitions and disposals is excluded from USG for a period of 12
▪ return on assets;                                                                 calendar months from the applicable closing date. Turnover from
▪ net debt; and                                                                     acquired brands that are launched in countries where they were
▪ return on invested capital.                                                       not previously sold is included in USG as such turnover is more
                                                                                    attributable to our existing sales and distribution network than
                                                                                    the acquisition itself.


The reconciliation of changes in the GAAP measure of turnover to USG is as follows:
                                                                                                  Beauty &             Foods &
2021 vs 2020 (%)                                                                             Personal Care        Refreshment          Home Care               Group
Turnover growth(a)                                                                                     3.7                 4.3                1.1                 3.4
Effect of acquisitions                                                                                 2.7                 0.8                  —                 1.4
Effect of disposals                                                                                     —                (0.2)               (0.1)              (0.1)
Effect of currency-related items,                                                                     (2.8)              (1.8)               (2.6)              (2.4)
of which:
   Exchange rate changes                                                                             (3.0)               (2.1)              (2.9)               (2.6)
   Extreme price growth in hyperinflationary markets(b)                                                0.2                 0.3                 0.3                0.3
Underlying sales growth(b)                                                                             3.8                 5.6                3.9                 4.5
2020 vs 2019 (%)
Turnover growth(a)                                                                                    (3.4)              (0.8)               (3.4)               (2.4)
Effect of acquisitions                                                                                  0.9                2.7                 0.2                1.4
Effect of disposals                                                                                     —                (0.4)               (0.2)               (0.2)
Effect of currency-related items,                                                                     (5.4)              (4.2)               (7.5)               (5.4)
of which:
   Exchange rate changes                                                                              (5.6)              (4.6)               (7.8)               (5.7)
   Extreme price growth in hyperinflationary markets(b)                                                 0.2                0.5                 0.3                0.3
Underlying sales growth(b)                                                                              1.2                1.3                 4.5                1.9
2019 vs 2018 (%)
Turnover growth(a)                                                                                      6.0              (4.6)                 6.9                2.0
Effect of acquisitions                                                                                  0.9                0.6                 0.3                0.7
Effect of disposals                                                                                     —                (7.5)                  —                (3.0)
Effect of currency-related items,                                                                       2.4                1.0                 0.4                1.5
of which:
   Exchange rate changes                                                                                1.7              (3.5)               (0.3)               (0.7)
   Extreme price growth in hyperinflationary markets(b)                                                 0.6                4.7                 0.7                2.2
Underlying sales growth(b)                                                                              2.6                1.5                 6.1                2.9
(a) Turnover growth is made up of distinct individual growth components, namely underlying sales, currency impact, acquisitions and disposals. Turnover growth is
    arrived at by multiplying these individual components on a compounded basis as there is a currency impact on each of the other components. Accordingly, turnover
    growth is more than just the sum of the individual components.
(b) Underlying price growth in excess of 26% per year in hyperinflationary economies has been excluded when calculating the underlying sales growth in the tables
    above, and an equal and opposite amount is shown as extreme price growth in hyperinflationary markets.



Underlying price growth                                                             Underlying volume growth
Underlying price growth (UPG) is part of USG and means, for                         Underlying volume growth (UVG) is part of USG and means,
the applicable period, the increase in turnover attributable to                     for the applicable period, the increase in turnover in such period
changes in prices during the period. UPG therefore excludes the                     calculated as the sum of (i) the increase in turnover attributable
impact to USG due to (i) the volume of products sold; and (ii) the                  to the volume of products sold; and (ii) the increase in turnover
composition of products sold during the period. In determining                      attributable to the composition of products sold during such
changes in price we exclude the impact of price growth in excess                    period. UVG therefore excludes any impact on USG due to
of 26% per year in hyperinflationary economies as explained in                      changes in prices.
USG above.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                   41




The relationship between USG, UVG and UPG is set out below:                    Underlying earnings per share




                                                                                                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
                                            2021 vs     2020 vs     2019 vs    Underlying earnings per share (underlying EPS) is calculated as
                                              2020        2019        2018
                                                                               underlying profit attributable to shareholders’ equity divided by
Underlying volume growth (%)                    1.6         1.6         1.2
                                                                               the diluted average number of ordinary shares. In calculating
Underlying price growth (%)                     2.9         0.3         1.6
                                                                               underlying profit attributable to shareholders’ equity, net profit
Underlying sales growth (%)                     4.5         1.9         2.9
                                                                               attributable to shareholders’ equity is adjusted to eliminate the
Refer to page 36 for the relationship between USG, UVG and UPG                 post-tax impact of non-underlying items. This measure reflects
for each of the Divisions.                                                     the underlying earnings for each share unit of the Group. Refer to
                                                                               note 7 for reconciliation of net profit attributable to shareholders’
                                                                               equity to underlying profit attributable to shareholders' equity.
Non-underlying items
Several non-GAAP measures are adjusted to exclude items
defined as non-underlying due to their nature and/or frequency
                                                                               Underlying effective tax rate
of occurrence.                                                                 The underlying effective tax rate is calculated by dividing taxation
                                                                               excluding the tax impact of non-underlying items by profit before
▪ Non-underlying items within operating profit are: gains
                                                                               tax excluding the impact of non-underlying items and share of
  or losses on business disposals, acquisition and disposal
                                                                               net profit/(loss) of joint ventures and associates. This measure
  related costs, restructuring costs, impairments and other
                                                                               reflects the underlying tax rate in relation to profit before tax
  items within operating profit classified here due to their
                                                                               excluding non-underlying items before tax and share of net
  nature and frequency.
                                                                               (profit)/loss of joint ventures and associates.
▪ Non-underlying items not in operating profit but within
  net profit are: net monetary gain/(loss) arising from                        Tax impact on non-underlying items within operating profit is
  hyperinflationary economies and significant and unusual                      the sum of the tax on each non-underlying item, based on the
  items in net finance cost, share of profit/(loss) of joint                   applicable country tax rates and tax treatment.
  ventures and associates and taxation.
                                                                               This is shown in the table:
▪ Non-underlying items are both non-underlying items
  within operating profit and those non-underlying items
                                                                                                                                         € million   € million
  not in operating profit but within net profit.
                                                                                                                                            2021        2020
Refer to note 3 for details of non-underlying items.
                                                                                Taxation                                                   1,935       1,923
                                                                                Tax impact of:
Underlying operating profit and underlying                                      Non-underlying items within operating profit(a)              219         272
operating margin                                                                Non-underlying items not in operating profit but
                                                                                within net profit(a)                                        (41)       (146)
Underlying operating profit and underlying operating margin                     Taxation before tax impact of non-underlying               2,113       2,049
mean operating profit and operating margin before the impact
                                                                                Profit before taxation                                     8,556       7,996
of non-underlying items within operating profit. Underlying
                                                                                Non-underlying items within operating profit
operating profit represents our measure of segment profit or                    before tax(a)                                                934       1,064
loss as it is the primary measure used for making decisions                     Non-underlying items not in operating profit but
about allocating resources and assessing performance of                         within net profit before tax                                   64          36
the segments.                                                                     Share of net (profit)/loss of joint ventures and
                                                                                  associates                                               (191)       (175)
The Group reconciliation of operating profit to underlying
                                                                                Profit before tax excluding non-underlying
operating profit is as follows:                                                 items before tax and share of net profit/(loss) of
                                                                                joint ventures and associates                              9,363       8,921
                                           € million   € million   € million    Underlying effective tax rate                             22.6%        23.0%
                                              2021        2020        2019     (a) Refer to note 3 for further details on these items.
Operating profit                             8,702       8,303       8,708
Non-underlying items within operating                                          Constant underlying earnings per share
profit (see note 3)                            934       1,064       1,239
Underlying operating profit                  9,636       9,367       9,947     Constant underlying earnings per share (constant underlying
Turnover                                   52,444      50,724      51,980      EPS) is calculated as underlying profit attributable to
Operating margin                            16.6%        16.4%       16.8%     shareholders’ equity at constant exchange rates and excluding
Underlying operating margin                 18.4%        18.5%       19.1%     the impact of both translational hedges and price growth in
                                                                               excess of 26% per year in hyperinflationary economies divided by
Further details of non-underlying items can be found in note 3 on              the diluted average number of ordinary share units. This measure
page 124 of the consolidated financial statements.                             reflects the underlying earnings for each ordinary share unit of
Refer to note 2 on page 121 for the reconciliation of operating                the Group in constant exchange rates.
profit to underlying operating profit by division. For each division,
operating margin is computed as operating profit divided by
turnover and underlying operating margin is computed as
underlying operating profit divided by turnover.
42                                                                                                                  Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Financial review continued



The reconciliation of underlying profit attributable to                                                                                  € million            € million
shareholders’ equity to constant underlying earnings attributable                                                                            2021                2020
to shareholders’ equity and the calculation of constant                             Total financial liabilities                         (30,133)             (27,305)
underlying EPS is as follows:                                                       Current financial liabilities                        (7,252)              (4,461)
                                                                                    Non-current financial liabilities                   (22,881)             (22,844)
                                                           € million   € million    Cash and cash equivalents as per
                                                              2021        2020      balance sheet                                          3,415                5,548
 Underlying profit attributable to shareholders’                                    Cash and cash equivalents as per
 equity(a)                                                   6,839       6,532      cash flow statement                                    3,387                5,475
 Impact of translation from current to constant                                    Add: bank overdrafts deducted
 exchange rates and translational hedges                       210           19    therein                                                    106                   73
 Impact of price growth in excess of 26% per year in                               Less: cash and cash equivalents
 hyperinflationary economies(b)                                (42)           0    held for sale(a)                                          (78)                     0
 Constant underlying earnings attributable to                                       Other current financial assets                         1,156                  808
 shareholders’ equity                                        7,007       6,551
                                                                                    Non-current financial assets
 Diluted average number of share units (millions                                    derivatives that relate to financial
 of units)                                                 2,609.6     2,629.8      liabilities                                                52                   21
 Constant underlying EPS (€)                                  2.68         2.49     Net debt                                            (25,510)             (20,928)
(a) See note 7.
(b) See pages 39 and 40 for further details.                                       (a) Cash and cash equivalents held for sale of €78m are net of bank overdraft of
                                                                                       €12m.

Free cash flow
                                                                                   Return on invested capital
Free cash flow (FCF) is defined as cash flow from operating
                                                                                   Return on invested capital (ROIC) is a measure of the return
activities, less income taxes paid, net capital expenditure and net
                                                                                   generated on capital invested by the Group. The measure
interest payments. It does not represent residual cash flows
                                                                                   provides a guide rail for long-term value creation and
entirely available for discretionary purposes; for example, the
                                                                                   encourages compounding reinvestment within the business and
repayment of principal amounts borrowed is not deducted from
                                                                                   discipline around acquisitions with low returns and long payback.
FCF. FCF reflects an additional way of viewing our liquidity that we
                                                                                   ROIC is calculated as underlying operating profit after tax divided
believe is useful to investors because it represents cash flows that
                                                                                   by the annual average of: goodwill, intangible assets, property,
could be used for distribution of dividends, repayment of debt or
                                                                                   plant and equipment, net assets held for sale, inventories, trade
to fund our strategic initiatives, including acquisitions, if any.
                                                                                   and other current receivables, and trade payables and other
The reconciliation of cash flow from operating activities to FCF is                current liabilities.
as follows:
                                                                                                                                         € million            € million
                                               € million   € million   € million                                                             2021                2020
                                                  2021         2020       2019      Operating profit                                        8,702               8,303
 Cash flow from operating activities           10,305       10,933     10,641       Non-underlying items within
 Income tax paid                               (2,333)     (1,875)     (2,532)      operating profit (see note 3)                             934               1,064
 Net capital expenditure                       (1,239)       (932)     (1,429)      Underlying operating profit before
                                                                                    tax                                                    9,636                9,367
 Net interest payments                           (340)       (455)       (548)
                                                                                    Tax on underlying operating profit(a)                (2,175)              (2,154)
 Free cash flow                                  6,393       7,671       6,132
                                                                                    Underlying operating profit after
 Net cash flow (used in)/from
                                                                                    tax                                                     7,461               7,213
 investing activities                          (3,246)     (1,481)     (2,237)
                                                                                    Goodwill                                              20,330              18,942
 Net cash flow (used in)/from
 financing activities                          (7,099)     (5,804)     (4,667)      Intangible assets                                     18,261              15,999
                                                                                    Property, plant and equipment                         10,347              10,558
                                                                                    Net assets held for sale                               1,581                    27
Net debt                                                                           Inventories                                             4,683                4,462
Net debt is a measure that provides valuable additional                            Trade and other current receivables                     5,422                4,939
information on the summary presentation of the Group’s net                         Trade payables and other current
financial liabilities and is a measure in common use elsewhere.                    liabilities                                          (14,861)             (14,132)
                                                                                   Period-end invested capital                            45,763              40,795
Net debt is defined as the excess of total financial liabilities,
                                                                                   Average invested capital for the
excluding trade payables and other current liabilities, over cash,                 period                                                 43,279              40,029
cash equivalents and other current financial assets, excluding                     Return on average invested
trade and other current receivables, and non-current financial                     capital                                                 17.2%                18.0%
asset derivatives that relate to financial liabilities.
                                                                                   (a) Tax on underlying operating profit is calculated as underlying operating profit
                                                                                       before tax multiplied by underlying effective tax rate of 22.6% (2020: 23.0%)
                                                                                       which is shown on page 41.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                43




Return on assets




                                                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
Return on assets is a measure of the return generated on assets for each division. This measure provides additional insight on the
performance of the Divisions and assists in formulating long-term strategies with respect to allocation of capital across Divisions.
Division return on assets is calculated as underlying operating profit after tax for the Division divided by the annual average of:
property, plant and equipment, net assets held for sale (excluding goodwill and intangibles), inventories, trade and other current
receivables, and trade payables and other current liabilities for each division. The annual average is computed by adding the
amounts at the beginning and the end of the calendar year and dividing by two.
                                                                                 € million       € million       € million
                                                                                 Beauty &         Foods &           Home         € million
2021                                                                        Personal Care    Refreshment             Care           Total
Underlying operating profit before tax                                             4,742           3,477           1,417           9,636
Tax on underlying operating profit                                               (1,070)           (785)           (320)         (2,175)
Underlying operating profit after tax                                              3,672           2,692           1,097           7,461
Property plant and equipment                                                       3,956           4,424           1,967         10,347
Net assets held for sale                                                                2            678               —               680
Inventories                                                                        2,157           1,761             765           4,683
Trade and other receivables                                                        2,264           2,065           1,093           5,422
Trade payables and other current liabilities                                     (5,957)         (5,726)         (3,178)        (14,861)
Period-end assets (net)                                                            2,422           3,202             647           6,271
Average assets for the period (net)                                                2,206           3,219             638           6,063
Division return on assets                                                          166%              84%           172%            123%
2020
Underlying operating profit before tax                                             4,591           3,257           1,519           9,367
Tax on underlying operating profit                                                (1,056)           (749)          (349)         (2,154)
Underlying operating profit after tax                                              3,535           2,508           1,170           7,213
Property plant and equipment                                                       3,763           4,895           1,900          10,558
Net assets held for sale                                                                2              10              15               27
Inventories                                                                        1,817           1,894             751           4,462
Trade and other receivables                                                        2,057           1,864           1,018           4,939
Trade payables and other current liabilities                                      (5,649)         (5,428)        (3,055)        (14,132)
Period-end assets (net)                                                            1,990           3,235             629           5,854
Average assets for the period (net)                                                2,523           3,614             906           7,043
Division return on assets                                                           140%             69%           129%            102%



Other information                                                    Auditor's report
                                                                     The Independent Auditor’s Report issued by KPMG LLP on the
Accounting standards and critical accounting policies                consolidated results of the Group, as set out in the financial
                                                                     statements, was unqualified and contained no exceptions or
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
                                                                     emphasis of matter. For more details see pages 107 to 113.
accordance with IFRS as adopted by the UK and IFRS as issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board. The accounting
policies are consistent with those applied in 2020 except for the    2020 financial review
recent accounting developments as set out in note 1 on pages
                                                                     The financial review for the year ended 31 December 2020 can
118 to 119. The critical accounting estimates and judgements
                                                                     be found on pages 36 to 43 of our Annual Report and Accounts
and those that are most significant in connection with our
                                                                     on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange
financial reporting are set out in note 1 on pages 118 to 119.
                                                                     Commission on 3 March 2021.
44                                                                                          Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Our risks
Our risk appetite and approach                                     We have a framework of Code Policies that underpins the
                                                                   Code of Business Principles and sets out the non-negotiable
to risk management                                                 standards of behaviour expected from all our employees.

Risk management is integral to Unilever’s strategy and to          For each of our principal risks we have a risk management
the achievement of Unilever’s long-term goals. Our success         framework detailing the controls we have in place and who
as an organisation depends on our ability to identify and          is responsible for managing both the overall risk and the
exploit the opportunities generated by our business and in         individual controls mitigating that risk. Unilever’s functional
our markets. In doing this, we take an embedded approach to        standards define mandatory requirements across a range
risk management which puts risk and opportunity assessment         of specialist areas, which are key controls in mitigating
at the core of the Board agenda, which is where we believe         these risks. Examples include health and safety, accounting
it should be.                                                      and reporting, and financial risk management.

Unilever’s appetite for risk is driven by the following:           Our assessment of risk considers both short- and long-term
▪ Our growth should be consistent, competitive, profitable         risks, including how these risks are changing, together with
  and responsible.                                                 emerging risk areas. These are reviewed on an ongoing basis,
▪ Our actions on issues such as plastic and climate change         and formally by senior management and the Board at least
  must reflect their urgency, and not be constrained by the        once a year.
  uncertainty of potential impacts.
▪ Our behaviours must be in line with our Code of Business
  Principles and Code Policies.                                    Processes
▪ Our ambition to continuously improve our operational             Unilever operates a wide range of processes and activities
  efficiency and effectiveness.                                    across all its operations covering strategy, planning, execution
▪ Our aim to maintain a minimum A/A2 credit rating on a long-      and performance management. Risk management is
  term basis.                                                      integrated into every stage.
Our approach to risk management is designed to provide
reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that our assets are
                                                                   Assurance and re-assurance
safeguarded, the risks facing the business are being assessed
                                                                   Assurance on compliance with the Code of Business Principles
and mitigated, and all information that may be required to
                                                                   and all of our Code Policies is obtained annually from Unilever
be disclosed is reported to Unilever’s senior management
                                                                   management via a formal Code declaration. In addition,
including, where appropriate, the CEO and CFO.
                                                                   there are specialist awareness and training programmes
                                                                   which are run throughout the year and vary depending on the
Organisation                                                       business priorities. These specialist compliance programmes
The Board has overall accountability for the management            supplement the Code declaration. Our Corporate Audit
of risk and for reviewing the effectiveness of Unilever’s risk     function plays a vital role in providing to both management
management and internal control systems. The Board has             and the Board an objective and independent review of the
established a clear organisational structure with well-defined     effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems
accountabilities for the principal risks that Unilever faces in    throughout Unilever.
the short, medium and long term. This organisational structure
and distribution of accountabilities and responsibilities ensure
                                                                   Board assessment of compliance with the risk
that every country in which we operate has specific resources
                                                                   management frameworks
and processes for risk reviews and risk mitigation. This is
                                                                   The Board, advised by the Committees where appropriate,
supported by the ULE, which takes active responsibility for
                                                                   regularly review the significant risks and decisions that could
focusing on the principal areas of risk to Unilever. The Board
                                                                   have a material impact on Unilever. These reviews consider the
regularly review these risk areas, including consideration of
                                                                   level of risk that Unilever is prepared to take in pursuit of the
environmental, social and governance matters, and retain
                                                                   business strategy and the effectiveness of the management
responsibility for determining the nature and extent of the
                                                                   controls in place to mitigate the risk exposure.
significant risks that Unilever is prepared to take to achieve
its strategic objectives.                                          The Board, through the Audit Committee, has reviewed the
                                                                   assessment of risks, internal controls and disclosure controls
                                                                   and procedures in operation within Unilever. They have also
Foundation and principles                                          considered the effectiveness of any remedial actions taken for
Unilever’s approach to doing business is framed by our
                                                                   the year covered by this Annual Report and Accounts and up
purpose and values (see pages 8 to 9). Our Code of Business
                                                                   to the date of its approval by the Board.
Principles sets out the standards of behaviour that we
expect all employees to adhere to. Day-to-day responsibility       Details of the activities of the Audit Committee in relation to
for ensuring these principles are applied rests with senior        this can be found in the Report of the Audit Committee on
management across Divisions, geographies and functions.            pages 78 to 79.

A network of Business Integrity Officers and Committees            Further statements on compliance with the specific risk
supports the activities necessary to communicate the Code,         management and control requirements in the UK Corporate
deliver training, maintain processes and procedures (including     Governance Code and the US Securities Exchange Act (1934)
support lines) to report and respond to alleged breaches, and      and the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act (2002) can be found on
to capture and communicate learnings.                              page 77.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                 45




Viability statement                                                      overall funding capacity and our principal risks has also been




                                                                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
                                                                         considered given the wide range of potential outcomes. The
The Directors have reviewed the long-term prospects of the               risks and mitigating factors are summarised on pages 46 to 50.
Group in order to assess its viability. This review incorporated
                                                                         The viability assessment has three parts:
the activities and key risks of the Group together with the
                                                                         ▪ First, the Directors considered the period over which they
factors likely to affect the Group’s future development,
                                                                           have a reasonable expectation that the Group will continue
performance, financial position, cash flows, liquidity position
                                                                           to operate and meet its liabilities,
and borrowing facilities as described on pages 1 to 43. These
                                                                         ▪ Second, they considered the current debt facilities and debt
factors have also carefully considered potential further                   headroom over the viability period, assuming that any debt
implications of Covid-19. In addition, we describe in notes                maturing can be re-financed at commercially acceptable
15 to 18 on pages 144 to 159 the Group’s objectives, policies              terms; and
and processes for managing its capital, its financial risk               ▪ Third, they considered the potential impact of severe but
management objectives, details of its financial instruments                plausible scenarios over this period which included the
and hedging activities and its exposures to credit and                     potential ramifications that Covid-19 could have across the
liquidity risk.                                                            different areas of the Group, including:
                                                                           ▪ assessing scenarios for each individual principal risk, for
                                                                              example the termination of our relationships with the
Assessment
                                                                              three largest global customers; the loss of all material
In order to report on the long-term viability of the Group,
                                                                              litigation cases; a major IT data breach, reputational
the Directors reviewed the overall funding capacity and
                                                                              damage from not progressing against our plastic
headroom available to withstand severe events and carried
                                                                              packaging commitments, the lost cost and growth
out a robust assessment of the principal risks facing the
                                                                              opportunities from not keeping up with technological
Group, including those that would threaten its business model,
                                                                              changes and increased operational costs from climate
future performance, solvency or liquidity. This assessment
                                                                              change; and
also included reviewing and understanding the mitigation
                                                                           ▪ assessing scenarios that involve more than one principal
factors in respect of each principal risk. The potential financial
                                                                              risk including the following multi-risk scenarios:
impact of further Covid-19 related restrictions on both our


Multi-risk scenarios modelled                   Level of severity reviewed                        Link to principal risk
Contamination issue with one of our products    Reduced sales in two of our Divisions was         • Safe and high-quality products
leading to lower sales of products of this      considered along with damage to our largest       • Brand preference
brand and the temporary closure of our          brand and disruption to supply chain.             • Supply chain
largest sourcing unit.
A major global incident affecting a key         The complete loss of all of our turnover in our   • Economic and political instability
sourcing unit and significant water shortages   largest geographic market was considered          • Supply chain
in our key developing markets.                  along with destruction of a key sourcing          • Climate change
                                                unit and increased operational costs due to
                                                water shortage.
Lack of progress against our plastic            Significant reputational damage was               • Plastic packaging
packaging ambitions and the loss of our         considered with the impact of losing our          • Brand preference
three largest customers.                        three key customers.                              • Customer
Cyber-attack causing a temporary shutdown       Loss of turnover for two weeks and ongoing        • System and information
of our systems and the impact on profit         reputational damage and loss of confidence        • Business transformation
if management failed to deliver a major         from our customers and consumers.
transformation project.                         Potential higher cost on delayed
                                                transformation.


Findings                                                                   ▪ the Group has a healthy balance of short-term and
▪ Firstly, a three-year period is considered appropriate for this            long-term debt programmes, with repayment profiles
  viability assessment because it is the period covered by the               ensuring short-term commercial paper maturities do not
  strategic plan; and it enables a high level of confidence in               exceed €0.5 billion in any given week and long-term debt
  assessing viability, even in extreme adverse events, due to                maturities do not exceed €4 billion in any given year
  a number of factors such as:                                             ▪ the Group has $8.0 billion of committed credit facilities
  ▪ the Group has considerable financial resources together                  with a maturity of 364 days which are used for backing up
     with established business relationships with many                       our commercial paper programmes. Additional revolving
     customers and suppliers in countries throughout the                     364 day facilities of €1.5 billion have also been taken out
     world;                                                                  in 2021 to support liquidity headroom.
  ▪ high cash generation by the Group’s operations and                   ▪ Thirdly, for each of our 14 principal risks, worst case plausible
                                                                           scenarios have been assessed together with multiple risk
     access to the external debt markets;
                                                                           scenarios. None of the scenarios reviewed, either individually
  ▪ flexibility of cash outflow with respect to significant                or in aggregate would cause Unilever to cease to be viable.
     marketing programmes and capital expenditure projects
     which usually have a 2-3 year horizon; and
  ▪ the Group’s diverse product and geographical activities              Conclusion
     which are impacted by continuously evolving technology              On the basis described above, the Directors have a reasonable
     and innovation.                                                     expectation that the Group will be able to continue in
▪ Secondly, the Group’s debt headroom and funding profile                operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the
  was assessed. None of the future outlooks considered                   three-year period of their assessment.
  resulted in significant liquidity headroom issues,
  primarily because:
46                                                                                                    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Our risks continued




Principal risks                                                            The potential impact and likelihood of certain principal risks
                                                                           remain heightened due to the Covid-19 pandemic. These risks
Our business is subject to risks and uncertainties. On the                 are the safety and wellbeing of our employees, continuity
following pages we have identified the risks that we regard as             of operations, product relevance, channel capabilities and
the most relevant to our business. These are the risks that we             IT availability.
see as most material to Unilever’s business and performance
                                                                           Biodiversity loss has the characteristics of an emerging risk. A
at this time. There may be other risks that could emerge
                                                                           loss of forests and soil due to potential physical and regulatory
in the future. Climate change is a principal risk to Unilever
                                                                           risks could make future harvests more difficult and expensive
as described on page 47.
                                                                           in the long term (see pages 59 to 60).
Our principal risks include risks that could impact our business
                                                                           We set out below certain mitigating actions that we believe
in the short term (i.e. the next two years), medium term (i.e. the
                                                                           help us to manage our principal risks. However, we may not
next three to ten years) or over the longer term (i.e. beyond
                                                                           be successful in deploying some or all of these mitigating
ten years).
                                                                           actions. If the circumstances in these risks occur or are not
Our principal risks have not changed this year. We also reflect            successfully mitigated, our cash flow, operating results,
on whether we think the level of risk associated with each of              financial position, business and reputation could be materially
our principal risks is increasing or decreasing. There are three           adversely affected. In addition, risks and uncertainties could
principal risks where we believe there is an increased level of            cause actual results to vary from those described, which may
risk compared with last year:                                              include forward-looking statements, or could impact on our
▪ Business transformation: there is an increase in the scale               ability to meet our targets or be detrimental to our profitability
   of projects in 2022, e.g. the disposal of ekaterra, new                 or reputation.
   organisational model and the transformation of our core
   business processes to create a superior customer experience.
▪ Economic and political instability: heightened risk due to
   inflationary and supply chain pressures, possible withdrawal
   of state fiscal stimulus and differing recoveries from Covid-19
   between countries.
▪ Systems and information: the cyber-attack industry is
   becoming increasingly professionalised.


 Risk                Risk description                                        Management of risk                                  Level of risk
 Brand               Our success depends on the value and relevance          We monitor external market trends and collate         No change
 preference          of our brands and products to consumers around          consumer, customer and shopper insights in
                     the world and on our ability to innovate and            order to develop category and brand strategies.
                     remain competitive.                                     We invest in markets and segments where we
                                                                             have built, or are confident that we can build,
                     Consumer tastes, preferences and behaviours are
                                                                             competitive advantage.
                     changing more rapidly than ever before. We see
                     a growing trend for consumers preferring brands         Our brand communication strategies are
                     which both meet their functional needs and have         designed to optimise digital communication
                     an explicit social or environmental purpose.            opportunities. We develop and customise
                                                                             brand messaging content specifically for each
                     Technological change is disrupting our traditional
                                                                             of our chosen communication channels (both
                     brand communication models. Our ability to
                                                                             traditional and digital) to ensure that our brand
                     develop and deploy the right communication,
                                                                             messages reach our target consumers. Brand
                     both in terms of messaging content and medium is
                                                                             teams are driving social purpose into their
                     critical to the continued strength of our brands.
                                                                             brand’s proposition and communication.
                     We are dependent on creating innovative products
                                                                             Our Research and Development function actively
                     that continue to meet the needs of our consumers
                                                                             searches for ways in which to translate the
                     and getting these new products to market with
                                                                             trends in consumer preference and taste into
                     speed.
                                                                             new technologies for incorporation into future
                     The Covid-19 pandemic has driven significant            products.
                     changes in consumer habits and demand (for
                                                                             Our innovation management process converts
                     example, an increase in hygiene-related products
                                                                             category strategies into projects which deliver
                     and a reduction in out-of-home food products),
                                                                             new products to market. We develop product
                     which is requiring a continuing and rapid evolution
                                                                             ideas both in-house and with selected partners
                     of our brands to ensure we remain competitive.
                                                                             to enable us to respond to rapidly changing
                                                                             consumer trends with speed.

 Portfolio           Unilever’s strategic investment choices will affect     Our strategy and our business plans are               No change
 management          the long-term growth and profits of our business.       designed to ensure that resources are prioritised
                                                                             towards those categories and markets having
                     Unilever’s growth and profitability are determined
                                                                             the greatest long-term potential for Unilever.
                     by our portfolio of Divisions, geographies and
                                                                             Our acquisition and disposal activity is driven
                     channels and how these evolve over time. If Unilever
                                                                             by our portfolio strategy with a clear, defined
                     does not make optimal strategic investment
                                                                             evaluation process.
                     decisions, then opportunities for growth and
                     improved margin could be missed.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                      47




Risk                Risk description                                        Management of risk                                  Level of risk




                                                                                                                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
Climate change      Climate change and governmental actions to              We monitor climate change and in 2021                 No change
                    reduce such change may disrupt our operations           we published our Climate Transition Action
                    and/or reduce consumer demand for our products.         Plan which provides details on how we are
                                                                            reducing the carbon intensity of our operations,
                    Climate change could impact our business in
                                                                            developing products with a lower carbon
                    various ways. Government action to reduce climate
                                                                            footprint or that require less water during
                    change such as the introduction of a carbon tax,
                                                                            consumer use including details of how we will
                    land use regulations or product composition
                                                                            achieve our GHG reduction targets which include
                    regulations which restrict or ban certain GHG
                                                                            net zero emissions across our value chain and
                    intensive ingredients, could impact our business
                                                                            zero emissions in our operations.
                    through higher costs or reduced flexibility of
                    operations. Market risks associated with the energy     We are decarbonising our operations through
                    transition and rising energy prices could disrupt our   eco-efficiency measures, powering our factories
                    operations and increase costs.                          with renewable electricity, transitioning to
                                                                            renewable energy for heating and cooling and
                    Physical environment risks such as water scarcity
                                                                            replacing climate harmful refrigerants. We invest
                    could impact our operations or reduce demand for
                                                                            in new products and formulations so that our
                    our products that require water during consumer
                                                                            products work with less water, poor quality water
                    use. Increased frequency of extreme weather events
                                                                            or no water.
                    such as high temperatures, hurricanes or floods
                    could cause increased incidence of disruption to        We monitor trends in raw material availability
                    our supply chain, manufacturing and distribution        and pricing due to short-term weather
                    network. If we do not take action, climate change       impacts to ensure continued availability of
                    could result in increased costs, reduced profit and     input materials and integrate weather system
                    reduced growth.                                         modelling into our forecasting process.
                                                                            We also monitor government policy and actions
                                                                            to combat climate change and take proactive
                                                                            action to minimise the impact on our business
                                                                            and advocate for changes to public policy
                                                                            frameworks consistent with the 1.5°C ambition
                                                                            of the Paris Agreement.

Plastic             We use a significant amount of plastic to package       We are committed to reducing the amount of            No change
packaging           our products. A reduction in the amount of virgin       post-consumer plastic packaging waste going to
                    plastic we use, the use of recycled plastic and an      landfill. We have committed to ensuring 100% of
                    increase in the recyclability of our packaging are      our plastic packaging is reusable, recyclable or
                    critical to our future success.                         compostable by 2025.
                    Both consumer and customer responses to the             We aim to halve our use of virgin plastic by both
                    environmental impact of plastic waste and               reducing usage and accelerating use of recycled
                    emerging regulations by governments to tax or           plastic. This requires us to redesign products
                    ban the use of certain plastics requires us to find     by considering multiple-use packs, wider use
                    solutions to reduce the amount of plastic we use,       of refills, recycling and using post-consumer
                    increase recycling post-consumer use and source         recycled materials in innovative ways.
                    recycled plastic for use in our packaging. We are
                                                                            We are working on innovative solutions through
                    also dependent on the work of our industry partners
                                                                            new business models. We aim to collect
                    to create and improve recycling infrastructure
                                                                            and process more plastic packaging than
                    throughout the world.
                                                                            we sell, enabled through driving systematic
                    Not only is there a risk around finding appropriate     change in circular thinking at an industry
                    replacement materials, but also due to high             level working with partners such as the Ellen
                    demand, the cost of recycled plastic or other           MacArthur Foundation. We are also working
                    alternative packaging materials could significantly     with governments, industry partners, suppliers
                    increase in the foreseeable future and this could       and consumers to raise awareness and find
                    impact our business performance. We could also be       solutions to improve the recycling infrastructure
                    exposed to higher costs as a result of taxes or fines   for plastics. We are helping consumers to
                    if we are unable to comply with plastic regulations,    understand disposal methods and supporting
                    which would again impact our profitability              collection schemes and facilities.
                    and reputation.

Customer            Successful customer relationships are vital to our      We build and maintain trading relationships           No change
                    business and continued growth.                          across a broad spectrum of channels ranging
                                                                            from centrally managed multinational
                    Maintaining strong relationships with our existing
                                                                            customers through to small traders accessed
                    customers and building relationships with new
                                                                            via distributors in many emerging markets. We
                    customers who have built new technology-enabled
                                                                            identify changing shopper habits and build
                    business models to serve changing shopper
                                                                            relationships with new customers, such as those
                    habits are necessary to ensure our brands are
                                                                            serving the eCommerce channel.
                    well presented to our consumers and available for
                    purchase at all times.                                  We develop joint business plans with our key
                                                                            customers that include detailed investment
                    The strength of our customer relationships also
                                                                            plans and customer service objectives and we
                    affects our ability to obtain pricing and competitive
                                                                            regularly monitor progress.
                    trade terms. Failure to maintain strong relationships
                    with customers could negatively impact our terms        We have developed capabilities for customer
                    of business with affected customers and reduce the      sales and outlet design which enable us to find
                    availability of our products to consumers.              new ways to improve customer performance
                                                                            and enhance our customer relationships. We
                    The Covid-19 pandemic has driven a rapid increase
                                                                            invest in technology to optimise order and stock
                    in online shopping, which means we need to
                                                                            management processes for our distributive
                    accelerate development of eCommerce capabilities
                                                                            trade customers.
                    to remain competitive.
48                                                                                                     Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Our risks continued




Risk                Risk description                                          Management of risk                                    Level of risk
Talent              A skilled workforce and agile ways of working are         We have an integrated management                        No change
                    essential for the continued success of our business.      development process which includes regular
                                                                              performance reviews underpinned by a
                    With the rapidly changing nature of work and skills,
                                                                              common set of leadership behaviours, skills and
                    there is a risk that our workforce is not equipped
                                                                              competencies. We have development plans to
                    with the skills required for the new environment.
                                                                              upskill and reskill employees for future roles and
                    Our ability to attract, develop and retain a diverse      will bring in flexible talent to access new skills.
                    range of skilled people is critical if we are to
                                                                              We have targeted programmes to attract and
                    compete and grow effectively. This is especially true
                                                                              retain top talent and we actively monitor our
                    in our key emerging markets where there can be a
                                                                              performance in retaining a diverse talent pool
                    high level of competition for a limited talent pool.
                                                                              within Unilever.
                    The loss of management or other key personnel or
                                                                              We regularly review our ways of working to
                    the inability to identify, attract and retain qualified
                                                                              drive speed and simplicity through our business
                    personnel could make it difficult to manage the
                                                                              in order to remain agile and responsive to
                    business and could adversely affect operations
                                                                              marketplace trends.
                    and financial results.
                                                                              We are moving to agile ways of working to
                    The wellbeing of our employees is vital to the
                                                                              unlock internal capacity and prioritise work
                    success of our business. Covid-19 continues to have
                                                                              based on growth and impact.
                    a significant impact on their wellbeing, therefore
                    helping our employees manage the impact of
                    Covid-19 on their lives and their ability to work
                    effectively requires continued focus.

Supply chain        Our business depends on purchasing materials,             We have contingency plans designed to enable            No change
                    efficient manufacturing and the timely distribution       us to secure alternative key material supplies
                    of products to our customers.                             at short notice, to transfer or share production
                                                                              between manufacturing sites and to use
                    Our supply chain network is exposed to potentially
                                                                              substitute materials in our product formulations
                    adverse events such as physical disruptions,
                                                                              and recipes.
                    environmental and industrial accidents, trade
                    restrictions or disruptions at a key supplier, which      We have policies and procedures designed to
                    could impact our ability to deliver orders to             ensure the health and safety of our employees
                    our customers.                                            and the products in our facilities, and to
                                                                              deal with major incidents including business
                    The Covid-19 pandemic is an adverse event that
                                                                              continuity and disaster recovery.
                    has challenged and continues to challenge
                    the continuity of our supply chain. Maintaining           Commodity price risk is managed through
                    manufacturing operations whilst adhering to               forward buying of traded commodities, other
                    changing local regulations and meeting enhanced           appropriate hedging mechanisms and product
                    health and safety standards has proven possible but       pricing. Trends are monitored and modelled
                    has required significant management. In addition,         regularly and integrated into our forecasting
                    ensuring the operation of a global logistics network      process.
                    for both input materials and finished goods has
                    presented challenges and requires continued focus
                    and flexibility.
                    The cost of our products can be significantly
                    affected by the cost of the underlying commodities
                    and materials from which they are made.
                    Fluctuations in these costs cannot always be passed
                    on to the consumer through pricing.

Safe and high-   The quality and safety of our products are of                Our product quality processes and controls              No change
quality products paramount importance for our brands and                      are comprehensive, from product design to
                    our reputation.                                           customer shelf. They are verified annually and
                                                                              regularly monitored through performance
                    The risk that raw materials are accidentally or
                                                                              indicators that drive improvement activities.
                    maliciously contaminated throughout the supply
                                                                              Our key suppliers are externally certified and
                    chain or that other product defects occur due to
                                                                              the quality of material received is regularly
                    human error, equipment failure or other factors
                                                                              monitored to ensure that it meets the rigorous
                    cannot be excluded.
                                                                              quality standards that our products require.
                    Labelling errors can have potentially serious
                                                                              In the event of an incident relating to the safety
                    consequences for both consumer safety and brand
                                                                              of our consumers or the quality of our products,
                    reputation. Therefore, on-pack labelling needs to
                                                                              incident management teams are activated in
                    provide clear and accurate ingredient information in
                                                                              the affected markets under the direction of our
                    order that consumers can make informed decisions
                                                                              product quality, science and communications
                    regarding the products they buy.
                                                                              experts, to ensure timely and effective
                                                                              marketplace action.
                                                                              We have processes in place to ensure that the
                                                                              data used to generate on-pack labelling is
                                                                              compliant with applicable regulations and with
                                                                              relevant Unilever labelling policies in order to
                                                                              provide the clarity and transparency needed
                                                                              for consumers.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                         49




Risk                Risk description                                         Management of risk                                    Level of risk




                                                                                                                                                      STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
Systems and         Unilever’s operations are increasingly dependent         To reduce the impact of external cyber-attacks           Increase
information         on IT systems and the management of information.         impacting our business we have firewalls and
                                                                             threat monitoring systems in place, complete
                    The cyber-attack threat of unauthorised access
                                                                             with immediate response capabilities to mitigate
                    and misuse of sensitive information or disruption
                                                                             identified threats. We also maintain a global
                    to operations continues to increase. Such an attack
                                                                             system for the control and reporting of access
                    could inhibit our business operations in a number
                                                                             to our critical IT systems. This is supported by an
                    of ways, including disruption to sales, production
                                                                             annual programme of testing of access controls.
                    and cash flows, ultimately impacting our results.
                                                                             We have policies covering the protection of
                    In addition, increasing digital interactions with
                                                                             both business and personal information, as
                    customers, suppliers and consumers place ever
                                                                             well as the use of IT systems and applications
                    greater emphasis on the need for secure and
                                                                             by our employees. Our employees are trained to
                    reliable IT systems and infrastructure and careful
                                                                             understand these requirements.
                    management of the information that is in our
                    possession to ensure data privacy.                       We also have a set of IT security standards
                                                                             and closely monitor their operation to protect
                    Given the changes in the ways of working of all our
                                                                             our systems and information. Hardware that
                    employees as well as our customers and suppliers
                                                                             runs and manages core operating data is fully
                    as a result of Covid-19, there has been an increased
                                                                             backed up with separate contingency systems to
                    reliance on certain elements of our IT infrastructure.
                                                                             provide real-time backup operations should they
                    We are particularly reliant on third-party experts in
                                                                             ever be required.
                    this space and thus the impact of Covid-19 on their
                    operations also poses a risk for us.                     We have standardised ways of hosting
                                                                             information on our public websites and have
                                                                             systems in place to monitor compliance with
                                                                             appropriate privacy laws and regulations, and
                                                                             with our own policies.

Business            Successful execution of business transformation          All acquisitions, disposals and global                   Increase
transformation      projects is key to delivering their intended             organisational transformation projects are
                    business benefits and avoiding disruption to other       sponsored by a member of the ULE. All such
                    business activities.                                     projects have steering groups in place led by a
                                                                             senior executive and regular progress updates
                    Unilever is continually engaged in major change
                                                                             are provided to the ULE. Sound project disciplines
                    projects, including acquisitions, disposals and
                                                                             are used in all transformation projects and
                    organisational transformation, to drive continuous
                                                                             these projects are resourced by dedicated and
                    improvement in our business and to strengthen our
                                                                             appropriately qualified personnel.
                    portfolio and capabilities. Continued digitalisation
                    of our business models and processes, together           The digitalisation of our business is led by
                    with enhancing data management capabilities,             a dedicated specialist team together with
                    is a critical part of our transformation.                representatives from all parts of the business
                                                                             to ensure an integrated and holistic approach.
                    We have an extensive programme of transformation
                                                                             A significant part of the organisational
                    projects. Failure to execute such initiatives
                                                                             transformation involves the transfer of activities
                    successfully could result in under-delivery of the
                                                                             to third parties on and offshore. New ways of
                    expected benefits and there could be a significant
                                                                             working are being developed to manage this
                    impact on the value of the business.
                                                                             new business model.
                                                                             Unilever also monitors the volume of change
                                                                             programmes under way in an effort to stagger
                                                                             the impact on current operations and to ensure
                                                                             minimal disruption.

Economic            Adverse economic conditions may affect one or            The breadth of Unilever’s portfolio and our              Increase
and political       more countries, regions or may extend globally.          geographic reach help to mitigate our exposure
instability         Unilever operates around the world and is exposed        to any particular localised risk. Our flexible
                    to economic and political instability that may           business model allows us to adapt our portfolio
                    reduce consumer demand for our products, disrupt         and respond quickly to develop new offerings
                    sales operations and/or impact the profitability of      that suit consumers’ and customers’ changing
                    our operations.                                          needs during economic downturns.
                    Government actions such as foreign exchange              We regularly update our forecast of business
                    or price controls can impact on the growth and           results and cash flows and, where necessary,
                    profitability of our local operations.                   rebalance investment priorities.
                    Unilever has more than half of its turnover in           We believe that many years of exposure to
                    emerging markets which can offer greater growth          emerging markets have given us experience
                    opportunities but also expose Unilever to related        of operating and developing our business
                    economic and political volatility.                       successfully during periods of economic and
                                                                             political volatility.
50                                                                                                  Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Our risks continued




Risk             Risk description                                          Management of risk                                    Level of risk
Treasury and     Unilever is exposed to a variety of external financial    Currency exposures are managed within                   No change
Tax              risks in relation to Treasury and Tax.                    prescribed limits and by the use of financial
                                                                           hedging instruments. Further, operating
                 The relative value of currencies can fluctuate widely
                                                                           companies borrow in local currency except
                 and could have a significant impact on business
                                                                           where inhibited by local regulations, lack of local
                 results. Further, because Unilever consolidates
                                                                           liquidity or local market conditions.
                 its financial statements in euros it is subject to
                 exchange risks associated with the translation            We seek to maintain access to global debt
                 of the underlying net assets and earnings of its          markets through short-term and long-term
                 foreign subsidiaries.                                     debt programmes. In addition, we maintain
                                                                           significant undrawn committed credit facilities
                 We are also subject to the imposition of exchange
                                                                           for general corporate purposes as disclosed in
                 controls by individual countries which could limit our
                                                                           note 16A.
                 ability to import materials paid in foreign currency
                 or to remit dividends to the parent company.              Group treasury regularly monitors exposure
                                                                           to our banks, tightening counter-party limits
                 A material shortfall in our cash flow could
                                                                           where appropriate. Unilever actively manages its
                 undermine Unilever’s credit rating, impair investor
                                                                           banking exposures on a daily basis. We regularly
                 confidence and restrict Unilever’s ability to raise
                                                                           assess and monitor counter-party risk in our
                 funds. In times of financial crisis, there is a further
                                                                           suppliers and customers and take appropriate
                 risk that we may not be able to raise funds due to
                                                                           action to manage our exposures.
                 market illiquidity.
                                                                           Our Global Tax Principles provide overarching
                 We are exposed to counter-party risks with banks,
                                                                           governance and we have a process in place
                 suppliers and customers, which could result in
                                                                           to monitor compliance with the Tax Principles.
                 financial losses.
                                                                           We have a Tax Risk Framework in place which
                 Tax is a complex and evolving area where laws             sets out the controls established to assess
                 and their interpretation are changing regularly,          and monitor tax risk for direct and indirect
                 leading to the risk of unexpected tax exposures.          taxes. We monitor proposed changes in
                 International tax reform remains a key focus of           taxation legislation and ensure these are taken
                 attention with the OECD’s Base Erosion and Profit         into account when we consider our future
                 Shifting project, and the Digitalising Economy            business plans.
                 Project, and further potential tax reform in
                 the European Union and the US.

Ethical          Unilever’s brands and reputation are valuable             Our Code of Business Principles and our                 No change
                 assets and the way in which we operate, contribute        Code Policies govern the behaviour of our
                 to society and engage with the world around               employees, suppliers, distributors and other
                 us is always under scrutiny both internally               third parties who work with us. Our processes for
                 and externally.                                           identifying and resolving breaches of our Code
                                                                           of Business Principles and our Code Policies are
                 Acting in an ethical manner, consistent with the
                                                                           clearly defined and regularly communicated
                 expectations of customers, consumers and other
                                                                           throughout Unilever. Data relating to such
                 stakeholders, is essential for the protection of the
                                                                           breaches is reviewed by the ULE and by relevant
                 reputation of Unilever and its brands.
                                                                           Board Committees and helps to determine
                 A key element of our ethical approach to business         the allocation of resources for future policy
                 is to reduce inequality and promote fairness. Our         development, process improvement, training
                 activities touch the lives of millions of people and it   and awareness initiatives.
                 is our responsibility to protect their rights and help
                                                                           Our Responsible Sourcing Policy and Responsible
                 them live well.
                                                                           Business Partners Policy help us improve the lives
                 The safety of our employees and the people and            of the people in our supply chains by ensuring
                 communities we work with is critical. Failure to meet     human rights are protected and makes a healthy
                 these high standards could result in damage to            and safe workplace a mandatory requirement
                 Unilever’s corporate reputation and business results.     for our suppliers. We have detailed safety
                                                                           standards and monitor safety incidents at the
                                                                           highest level.
                                                                           Through our Brands with Purpose agenda, a
                                                                           number of our brands are taking action on
                                                                           societal issues such as fairness and equality.

Legal and        Compliance with laws and regulations is an                Unilever is committed to complying with the laws        No change
regulatory       essential part of Unilever’s business operations.         and regulations of the countries in which we
                                                                           operate. In specialist areas the relevant teams at
                 Unilever is subject to national and regional laws and
                                                                           global, regional or local levels are responsible
                 regulations in such diverse areas as product safety,
                                                                           for setting detailed standards and ensuring that
                 product claims, trademarks, copyright, patents,
                                                                           all employees are aware of and comply with
                 competition, employee health and safety, data
                                                                           regulations and laws specific and relevant to
                 privacy, the environment, corporate governance,
                                                                           their roles.
                 listing and disclosure, employment and taxes.
                                                                           Our legal and regulatory specialists are heavily
                 Failure to comply with laws and regulations could
                                                                           involved in monitoring and reviewing our
                 expose Unilever to civil and/or criminal actions
                                                                           practices to provide reasonable assurance that
                 leading to damages, fines and criminal sanctions
                                                                           we remain aware of and in line with all relevant
                 against us and/or our employees with possible
                                                                           laws and legal obligations.
                 consequences for our corporate reputation.
                 Changes to laws and regulations could have a
                 material impact on the cost of doing business.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                           51



Additional non-financial information
Climate change disclosures




                                                                                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
Our Climate Transition Action                                     Renewable electricity
                                                                  Transitioning to renewable electricity is a significant driver of
Plan: Annual Progress Report                                      emissions reduction in our operations. Our preference is to
                                                                  support local renewable energy markets through purchasing
Our Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP) sets out our climate
                                                                  renewable electricity contracts called Power Purchase
strategy, defines our net zero and emission reduction goals,
                                                                  Agreements (PPAs), or green tariffs/bundled Renewable Energy
and the actions we intend to take to meet them. Our goals
                                                                  Certificates (RECs) to match our grid power demand, where
are to:
                                                                  these are available and can be sourced in a cost competitive
▪ Reduce in absolute terms our operational (Scope 1 and 2)
                                                                  way. Where this is not possible, and as the next best option,
  emissions by 100% by 2030 against a 2015 baseline;(a) with
                                                                  we seek to purchase unbundled RECs sold separately from
  an interim goal to achieve a 70% reduction by 2025 against
                                                                  electricity in the same market.
  a 2015 baseline.
▪ Halve the full value chain emissions of our products on a       Only as a last resort, and when unbundled RECs are not
  per consumer use basis by 2030 against a 2010 baseline.(b)      available in a market where we buy electricity, do we buy
▪ Achieve net zero emissions covering Scope 1, 2 and 3            unbundled RECs in an adjacent market.
  emissions by 2039.(c)                                           In January 2020, we reached our target of purchasing 100%
In the 2020s and 2030s, our primary focus will be to eliminate    renewable grid electricity for our operations through a
emissions in our operations and reduce emissions across           combination of PPAs and RECs (bundled and unbundled). Since
our value chain(d) rather than purchasing carbon credits. It      we set this target, we've worked with the RE100 campaign to
is too early to estimate the amount of any residual value         evolve industry best practice in renewable electricity reporting.
chain emissions but our plan is to balance these with carbon      From 2021, we're aligning our reporting with the updated
removals to achieve and maintain our net zero emissions goal.     RE100 guidance which requires us to make two changes.

We fully expect our approach to delivering our commitments        First, for renewable electricity certified with RECs, we
to evolve as science progresses and the societal debate on        will only report as 'renewable' the electricity where the
net zero matures. For example, we’re currently considering        accompanying RECs originate in the same market. While we
the recently issued guidance from the Science Based Targets       intend to maintain our commitment to ensure our purchase
initiative on net zero targets.                                   of renewable grid electricity is matched by an equivalent
See our website for our Climate Transition Action Plan
                                                                  volume of renewable electricity generation, we’ll no longer
                                                                  count the purchase of unbundled RECs from an adjacent
                                                                  market in our renewable electricity reporting. While this will
Our progress
                                                                  lower our reported renewable electricity percentage, we
To deliver the ambitious goals set out in our CTAP, we're         support the aims of RE100 to increase transparency in the
focusing our actions in four key areas, which form the basis of   global renewable power landscape, which we hope will help
this Annual Progress Report: our operations, our brands and       to accelerate the provision of renewable power in all markets.
products, our value chain and our wider influence on society.
                                                                  The second change is to include non-grid sourced electricity.
                                                                  Currently, we use biomass in combined heat and power
Our operations                                                    (CHP) boilers at a limited number of sites. As well as providing
Our first ambition is to eliminate operational Scope 1 and        thermal energy (see below), they also supply our sites with
2 emissions from our factories, offices and research labs         electricity. From 2021 we'll include this within our renewable
which make up approximately 2% of our GHG footprint. We've        electricity reporting. We'll also include the renewable electricity
reduced our operational emissions by 64% since 2015. This puts    generated at our factory sites, for example, the on-site solar
us on track to achieve our interim milestone of a 70% reduction   installations in 24 countries. In 2021 we generated almost 3%
by 2025 – see page 34 for our three-year performance. We're       of our total electricity from on-site renewable sources. Taking
taking action in a number of areas to decarbonise our             into account the updated definition and widened scope of
operations.                                                       our renewable electricity reporting, in 2021, 86% of our total
                                                                  electricity was from renewable sources. Against the new scope
Eco-efficiency                                                    and definitions, the prior year would have been 80%. See page
For years we’ve invested in eco-efficiency projects across our    56 for a more detailed breakdown of our electricity by source.
factories, reducing CO2 from energy per tonne of production
by 77% compared to 2008 and by 14% versus 2020. Recent            Renewable thermal energy
investments include improving energy efficiency of lighting       In addition to renewable electricity, we aim to transition
and manufacturing equipment, and installing heat recovery         heating sources (typically fossil-fuel-burning CHP boilers for
systems. We've committed to align our future capital              hot air, water and steam) to renewable energy alternatives.
expenditure with the Paris Agreement. As a first step, in 2021    By early 2020, we had stopped using direct coal on-site for
we developed a bespoke digital tool to capture the GHG, water     thermal energy, except for three factories acquired in 2020
and waste impact data of all capital expenditure projects.
52                                                                                           Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Additional non-financial information continued



as part of our acquisition of the Horlicks portfolio in India and   Our brands and products
other predominantly Asian markets. In 2021, we eliminated
                                                                    Designing our products to be lower carbon will help us to
direct coal from these three factories through the use of
                                                                    reduce our indirect Scope 3 footprint and strengthens the
biomass and biodiesel. We're exploring options to eliminate
                                                                    appeal of our brands to consumers. In some cases, it can also
indirect coal from steam supplied by third parties by 2030.
                                                                    help consumers reduce their own footprint (see page 53). We’re
We're phasing out gas-fired boilers and exploring new               focusing on concentration and compaction, transitioning away
renewable heating technologies such as heat pumps,                  from fossil fuels in our cleaning products, growing our portfolio
concentrated solar power and lower carbon biogenic-derived          of plant-based products and investing in climate and nature
sources. These technologies could provide up to half of our         projects through our Climate & Nature Fund.
thermal energy needs by 2025. We have strict criteria to ensure
                                                                    Concentration and compaction
we deliver genuine lifecycle carbon reductions. In 2022, we will
                                                                    In the last decade we’ve made significant emissions reductions
publish details on how we’ll ensure any biofuels we use do not
                                                                    by removing or reducing carbon-intensive materials such
lead to deforestation, compete with food supplies, and are
                                                                    as inorganics and surfactants, and by concentrating and
sourced from local waste materials where possible.
                                                                    compacting our products. In 2021 we continued to develop
Many of the low-carbon heating options we’re exploring              concentrated formulas for our laundry liquids, including
are not yet commercially viable or widely available, so we're       OMO in-home refills available in six markets and Seventh
supporting innovation and looking for ways to trial them.           Generation’s ultraconcentrated laundry formulation in the US.
We see hydrogen produced using renewable energy as a                Lifebuoy also rolled out ten times concentrated ecorefill home
potential industrial scale low-carbon alternative to natural        cleaning spray in Europe.
gas. Our Port Sunlight factory in the UK is supporting a trial of   Recycled and renewable carbon in formulations
hydrogen technology.                                                Through our Clean Future programme, our Home Care laundry
Refrigerants                                                        and cleaning brands are identifying new opportunities to
We're phasing out high-impact refrigerants from our operations,     shift to renewable and recycled ingredients, moving away
starting with the most harmful hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs).    from fossil-fuel-based ingredients. This year we launched an
When replacing these, we aim to use the greenest version            OMO liquid laundry capsule made from captured industrial
available for the purpose needed. By the end of 2021 we had         carbon. Lifebuoy launched a cleaning range with plant-based
replaced HCFCs at 29 sites.                                         ingredients in five countries. And OMO/Persil launched a new
                                                                    laundry liquid in 16 countries with plant-based stain removers.
Food waste
                                                                    Read more about Clean Future on page 23.
Our first priority is to reduce the amount of food waste we
generate in the first place – we're aiming to halve food waste      Plant-based foods
in our operations by 2025. This will also help to reduce our        Alternative proteins, plant-based eating and meat and dairy
GHG emissions. By the end of 2021, we’d reduced food waste          alternatives are strategic pillars for our Foods & Refreshment
per tonne of food handled in our operations by 3% versus            division and all contribute to lowering carbon emissions. We’re
2019. Our progress in reducing manufacturing food waste has         aiming to achieve €1 billion in sales from plant-based meat
been hampered by Covid-related disruptions. We're exploring         and dairy alternatives by 2025-2027 – through brands such as
solutions with our engineering teams such as anaerobic              The Vegetarian Butcher, Wall’s, Ben & Jerry’s, Magnum, Knorr
digestion, using the biogas generated on-site, composting           and Hellmann’s. We’re also encouraging people to use more
and using the waste as fertiliser.                                  plant-based ingredients in their cooking, through Knorr’s
                                                                    ‘Future 50’ inspired plant-based recipes. Read more about
                                                                    plant-based foods on page 22.
                                                                    Helping consumers make lower carbon choices
                                                                    As well as ingredient transparency on product packs, we want
                                                                    our consumers to have clear information about the carbon
                                                                    footprint of the products they buy and we're exploring ways
                                                                    to provide this. After more than a decade of work assessing
                                                                    the carbon footprint of our products, we're now working with
                                                                    others across the value chain to standardise data collection
                                                                    protocols and communication frameworks. For example,
                                                                    we’re part of the World Business Council for Sustainable
                                                                    Development Value Chain Carbon Transparency Pathfinder
                                                                    initiative. And we’re working with the Cosmetics Consortium
                                                                    to develop an industry-standard environmental impact
                                                                    assessment and scoring system.
                                                                    Climate & Nature Fund
                                                                    Our €1 billion Climate & Nature Fund will help brands invest
                                                                    in projects that positively address climate change and
                                                                    protect nature – for example, through forest protection and
                                                                    regeneration. In 2021, we recruited a specialised team to
                                                                    lead this work, formulate the strategy and get started on
                                                                    project implementation. In this first year, we've committed
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                            53




€40 million and are now building a pipeline of further projects.      plastic by shifting to refillable, reusable or naked (unwrapped)




                                                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
For example, Knorr will use the fund to support 50 regenerative       products which use less or no plastic. In 2021, we saw strong
agriculture projects. These are predicted to reduce GHG               sales of concentrated home refill laundry and we continue to
emissions and water use by an estimated 30% while improving           expand our in-store and at-home refill pilots, with about 15 in
biodiversity, soil health and livelihoods. As part of our Beauty      progress around the world. We're also exploring materials like
& Personal Care’s Positive Beauty strategy (see page 21), the         paper and board, using life cycle analysis to ensure any switch
Fund is working on innovative financing and collaboration             away from plastic doesn’t end up increasing our GHG footprint.
partnerships to support the delivery of our commitment to             Read more about plastic on page 29.
protect and regenerate 1.5 million hectares of land, forests          Logistics and distribution
and oceans by 2030. This is more land than we use to grow             More than 90% of our logistics emissions come from our
renewable ingredients for the Division’s products.                    logistics suppliers. We've begun using lower carbon alternative
                                                                      fuels such as liquified natural gas (LNG) or compressed natural
Our value chain                                                       gas (CNG) in 12 countries and piloted zero emission electric
                                                                      trucks with partners in three countries with plans to scale to
Our value chain encompasses upstream and downstream
                                                                      more. We also signed up to a new shipping coalition, Cargo
Scope 3 emissions, excluding indirect consumer use-phase
                                                                      Owners for Zero Emission Vessels (coZEV) to help accelerate
emissions (see page 53 for more on consumer use). Our focus
                                                                      the decarbonisation of the shipping industry.
is on tackling emissions from raw materials (including aerosol
propellants), packaging materials, logistics and distribution         In our own car fleet, we developed country roadmaps to
networks, ice cream cabinets, and the disposal of waste               achieve 100% electric vehicles (EVs) or hybrids by 2030, taking
products and packaging.                                               into account the availability of EVs, charging infrastructure and
                                                                      financial support or subsidies. In 2021, across six of the most
Raw materials
                                                                      EV-ready countries, EVs and hybrids made up 6% of the fleet.
We've developed GHG reduction roadmaps for key materials
and ingredients which contribute to our upstream Scope 3              Retail emissions
GHG emissions, including dairy. Our roadmaps identify how             In 2021, all the new freezers we purchased to cool our ice
we can reduce emissions through product reformulations,               creams in-store used lower carbon natural hydrocarbon
different raw materials and supplier innovation partnerships.         refrigerants. We estimate that over 90% of the 3 million freezers
It is particularly critical that we work in partnership with our      in our fleet now use these refrigerants. We’re investing in
suppliers as 1.5°C-aligned emission reduction pathways for            energy-efficient freezers, with the average energy use per
the majority of these materials are still unclear and it is only      cabinet falling by 3% compared to 2020. We're also looking at
through collaboration that we will find solutions.                    ‘warming up’ the cold chain so that less energy is needed to
                                                                      refrigerate products across their life.
In 2021, we invited our suppliers to commit to setting a public
target to halve absolute GHG emissions by 2030, report                Aerosol propellants
their progress and share their data with us. We’re exploring          We typically use hydrocarbon propellant gases in hairsprays,
new ways to support suppliers through guidance, tools and             body sprays and deodorants. In the US, our largest deodorant
resources, particularly for the 300 suppliers who have the            and hair market, Volatile Organic Compound (VOC)
most significant GHG emissions. In 2021, we began working             regulations restrict the use of formulations used elsewhere.
with a small group to help us shape the programme, and                Our primary focus has been to find regulatory solutions in the
we‘ll launch a pilot in 2022, before further roll-out in 2023.        US to enable the use of alternative propellant systems which
We’re also encouraging other companies to work with their             have a lower GHG footprint compared to hydrocarbon and
suppliers, for example through the 1.5°C Supplier Engagement          hydrofluorocarbon propellants and help improve air quality.
Guide, launched by the 1.5°C Supply Chain Leaders initiative          Provisions have been added to the US VOC regulations to allow
at COP26.                                                             the use of compressed gas propellants. We’re now exploring
                                                                      alternative formulations and formats in key markets.
We cannot achieve our climate goals if our operations or
supply chain contribute to deforestation. Our suppliers and           Disposal of waste products
other partners will play a critical role in helping us achieve a      Our products have a GHG impact at the end of their life,
deforestation-free supply chain for five key commodities by           as fossil-fuel-based ingredients break down and release
2023. Read more on tackling deforestation on page 30.                 emissions. We're switching to plant-based 100% biodegradable
                                                                      formulations across our Home Care portfolio. For example,
Packaging materials                                                   Lifebuoy’s BotaniTech range made from naturally derived
We’ve set ambitious plastic commitments including to halve            and 100% biodegradable cleaning ingredients launched in
our virgin plastic footprint by 2025. Key to achieving this will be   five markets in 2021. And Comfort launched its Ultimate Care
by increasing our use of recycled plastic. Our goal is to use at      range, which contains new biodegradable technology to
least 25% recycled plastic by 2025, and this year we achieved         extend the life of clothes.
approximately 17%. We’re also reducing our use of virgin
54                                                                                              Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Additional non-financial information continued




Our wider influence on society                                  Advocacy
                                                                We were an early signatory to the We Mean Business open
We’re advocating for changes that will ultimately reduce the
                                                                letter to G20 leaders calling for higher ambition ahead of the
impact of our products when used by consumers as well as
                                                                COP26 conference in 2021. Subsequently we partnered with
accelerating progress in other areas of our value chain.
                                                                the UK government as a Principal Partner of COP26 in Glasgow.
Consumer use                                                    Alan Jope served as a member of the COP26 Business Leaders
Around two-thirds of our products' GHG impact comes             Group to rally UK and international businesses. During the
from their use by consumers (indirect downstream Scope          conference, we participated in numerous events including the
3 emissions), for instance from energy used by washing          World Leaders Summit, the Forest, Agriculture, Commodities
machines or hot water used for showering. There’s a limit to    and Trade (FACT) dialogue to reduce emissions in commodity
how much we can influence emissions from product use as         value chains and events on creating high integrity standards
consumers make their own choices on how long they shower,       for voluntary carbon markets. We also developed a climate
which energy provider they use, and how efficient their home    advocacy toolkit to support our market teams to push for
appliances are. We’re therefore reliant, as many companies      higher climate ambition.
are, on the decarbonisation of the energy grid to reduce our
                                                                Trade association policy alignment
downstream Scope 3 footprint. We’re using our influence to
                                                                We've committed to ensuring that all direct lobbying relevant
advocate for system-wide change, such as acceleration of
                                                                to climate policy is consistent with the Paris Agreement. At the
renewable energy globally, which will help reduce emissions
                                                                end of 2021 we published our climate policy position on our
in consumers’ homes – see below for more on our advocacy.
                                                                website for indirect climate lobbying. In 2021 we rejoined the
In addition, we're committed to using technology and            European Chemical Industry Council (CEFIC) to help accelerate
innovation to provide consumers with superior and lower         the European chemical industry’s transition towards circular
carbon products while growing our business. This is already     chemistry. We will clearly indicate when CEFIC submissions
visible in Home Care’s Clean Future strategy (with a focus on   on climate change-related policies do not align with our own
renewable and recycled carbon ingredients – see page 23),       climate positions.
in Foods & Refreshment’s Future Foods strategy (with a focus    See our website for our climate policy position
on plant-based foods – see page 22), and Beauty & Personal
Care’s Positive Beauty strategy (with a focus on sustainable    Industry partnerships
sourcing, deforestation-free palm oil and nature-based          We continued our engagement with a selected group of
solutions – see page 21).                                       international climate leadership strategic partners – the
Our product lifecycle GHG emissions per consumer use have       United Nations Global Compact, the World Economic Forum,
reduced by 14% since 2010 and by 4% since 2020, while our       the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, and
absolute Scope 3 emissions (from consumer use, ingredients      the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF). We initiated and co-chaired
and packaging and distribution and retail) increased by 1%      with Walmart a Race to Zero Task Force within the CGF to
versus 2020, as our sales increased over the same period.       encourage other consumer goods and retail companies to join
The reduction in GHG emissions per consumer use is driven       the UN’s Race to Zero. This succeeded in doubling the number
by our Foods & Refreshment and Home Care Divisions, where       of CGF Board members making such commitments. We also
emissions have fallen by 32% and 43% respectively since 2010.   helped to create a Transform to Net Zero guide for businesses.
This is mainly due to grid decarbonisation, portfolio changes
and product reformulation, such as the removal of phosphates    (a) Our medium-term emissions reduction target has been recognised as science-
                                                                    based and consistent with the 1.5°C ambition of the Paris Agreement by the
in our laundry products. Over the same period, GHG emissions        Science Based Targets initiative.
per consumer use from our Beauty & Personal Care Division       (b) Our medium-term full value chain emissions reduction target has been
                                                                    recognised as science-based and consistent with a 2°C temperature increase
have increased by 6% despite ongoing grid decarbonisation           by the Science Based Targets initiative. It was set in 2010 and was validated by
– driven primarily by the acquisition of brands with hair,          the Science Based Targets initiative before the 1.5°C validation was introduced.
                                                                    We plan to review this goal in the near future.
bath and shower products which have high GHG emissions          (c) Our long-term net zero value chain target covers upstream Scope 3 emissions,
associated with consumer hot water use.                             Scope 1 and 2 emissions, and mandatory downstream Scope 3 emissions.
                                                                    Mandatory downstream emissions include direct emissions from aerosol
                                                                    propellants and the biodegradation of chemicals in the disposal phase, but
                                                                    excludes indirect consumer use-phase emissions, such as emissions associated
                                                                    with hot water used with our products. This approach is consistent with the
                                                                    Science Based Targets initiative’s approach to net zero targets. Our medium-
                                                                    term value chain emissions reduction target covers indirect consumer use-
                                                                    phase emissions. The definition of ‘net zero’ is outlined in our CTAP.
                                                                (d) In this CTAP Progress Report, as in the CTAP, references to ‘our value chain’
                                                                    encompasses upstream and downstream Scope 3 emissions, but excludes
                                                                    indirect consumer use-phase emissions and operational Scope 1 and 2
                                                                    emissions, unless stated otherwise. References to ‘full value chain’ in the
                                                                    context of our goal to halve our full value chain GHG emissions by 2030,
                                                                    additionally includes operational Scope 1 and 2 emissions and indirect
                                                                    consumer-use phase emissions.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                    55




Governance, data and disclosure                                                        External assurance ensures that our data is robust and




                                                                                                                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
                                                                                       reliable. For details of assurance in 2021, see the PwC
Our CTAP was put before shareholders for a non-binding
                                                                                       Independent Limited Assurance Report 2021 on our website.
advisory vote in May 2021 at our Annual General Meeting.
Shareholders overwhelmingly supported the plan, with 99.59%                            This Annual Report and Accounts contains additional climate
of votes in favour. We'll continue to seek an advisory vote at                         change disclosures, including in our TCFD statement:
our AGM every three years and will report on progress against                          ▪ Governance: pages 4, 57, 80 to 81, 88 and 91 to 93
the plan every year.                                                                   ▪ Strategy: pages 8 to 11 and 57 to 62
                                                                                       ▪ Risk management: pages 44 to 47 and 57 to 62
The Board take overall accountability for the management of
                                                                                       ▪ Metrics and targets: pages 10, 34 and 62
all risks and opportunities, including climate change. Our CEO
Alan Jope is ultimately responsible for overseeing our climate                         See our website for more on climate action
                                                                                       Our CDP submissions contain further disclosures on climate, water
change agenda.                                                                         and forests



GHG emissions
The table below provides a detailed breakdown of our Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions by activity.


                                                                                                                                        2021           2020            2019
Unilever operations (Scope 1 and 2)(a)
Total Scope 1 and 2 (tonnes CO2e)                                                                                                  710,740        823,511       1,128,091
Scope 1 (tonnes CO2e)                                                                                                              565,988        606,771         659,028
  Renewable energy                                                                                                                        0               0                 0
  Non-renewable energy                                                                                                             542,620        592,342         632,560
  Refrigerants                                                                                                                      23,368          14,429          26,468
Scope 2 (tonnes CO2e)                                                                                                              144,752        216,740         469,063
  Purchased renewable electricity                                                                                                         0               0                 0
  Purchased non-renewable electricity                                                                                               57,033        128,442         382,057
  Purchased renewable thermal energy                                                                                                      0               0                 0
  Purchased non-renewable thermal energy                                                                                            87,719          88,298          87,006
 Reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions from energy and refrigerant
                                                                                                                                      -64%           -58%            -42%
 use in our operations since 2015 (%)
Upstream and downstream of Unilever operations (Scope 3)(b)
Total Scope 3 (tonnes CO2e)                                                                                                    61,007,131      60,388,592      61,020,357
Consumer use (tonnes CO2e)                                                                                                     43,187,538      42,093,341      41,743,454
Ingredients and packaging (tonnes CO2e)                                                                                        14,860,832      14,239,918      14,897,174
Distribution and retail (tonnes CO2e)                                                                                           2,958,761       4,055,333       4,379,729
Full value chain (Scope 1, 2, 3)(c)
 GHG impact per consumer use (grams CO2e)                                                                                             43.6†           45.6            46.7

(a)  	 Scope 1 encompasses direct GHG emissions from energy generated from fossil fuels such as gas and oil, as well as emissions from refrigerants at a small number of
       sites where we have reliable data; Scope 2 encompasses indirect GHG emissions from the on-site generation and purchase of electricity according to the ‘market-
       based method’ and purchased thermal energy. 2020 and 2019 Scope 2 figures have been restated to align our renewable electricity reporting with updated RE100
       guidance. See page 51 for more information.
(b) Scope 3 encompasses indirect GHG emissions in Unilever’s value chain (upstream and downstream). Our Scope 3 emissions were recalculated in 2020 to include
       biodegradability of organic materials. We also recalculated consumer use to include disposal, and ingredients and packaging to include inbound transport of raw
       materials. However, the direction of change of our GHG impact per consumer use over the past three years remains the same. See the Basis of Preparation on our
       website for more details on how we measure our GHG footprint www.unilever.com/planet-and-society/sustainability-reporting-centre/independent-assurance.
(c) We measure the Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG footprint of our product portfolio using an LCA method. Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010
       and on a 'per consumer use' basis. This means a single use, portion or serving of a product. We continuously review our GHG footprint estimations to ensure we are
       using the best available data. These changes can affect both the 2010 baseline and the annual emissions that we report.
†      This metric was subject to external independent limited assurance by PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP (‘PwC’) in 2021. For PwC's 2021 Limited Assurance report and the
       2021 Unilever Basis of Preparation for assured metrics see www.unilever.com/planet-and-society/sustainability-reporting-centre/independent-assurance.
56                                                                                                                 Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Additional non-financial information continued




Renewable and non-renewable electricity
The table below provides a breakdown of our renewable and non-renewable electricity by source.
                                                                                                                                2021        2020         2019
Renewable (% of kWh)(a)
On-site renewable self-generation                                                                                             2.5%         1.0%         0.4%
Purchased renewable electricity:                                                                                             83.8%        78.7%       66.1%
   On-site Purchase Power Agreements                                                                                          0.3%         0.5%        0.5%
   Off-site Purchase Power Agreements                                                                                         9.8%        15.3%       18.8%
   Green electricity products from an energy supplier (green tariffs/bundled RECs)                                           24.5%        18.8%       21.9%
   Green electricity purchased in markets with greater than 95% renewable grid                                                0.2%         0.1%        0.1%
   Unbundled RECs bought in market                                                                                           65.2%        65.4%       58.7%
 Total renewable electricity                                                                                                 86.3%        79.7%        66.5%
Non-renewable (% of kWh)
On-site non-renewable electricity generation (e.g. gas-fired on-site CHP)                                                     7.5%         7.7%         8.0%
Purchased non-renewable electricity (e.g. non-grid transfer of CHP)                                                           0.1%         5.8%        22.6%
Unbundled RECs bought in an adjacent market(b)                                                                                6.1%         6.7%         2.9%
 Total non-renewable electricity                                                                                             13.7%        20.2%       33.5%

(a) The renewable sources listed align with the RE100 Reporting Guidance 2021. See page 51 for more information.
(b) Previously counted as 'renewable grid electricity'. See page 51 for more information.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                 57




Task Force on Climate-related                                         laundry and cleaning products with renewable or recycled




                                                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
                                                                      carbon and our deforestation-free supply chain and recycled
Financial Disclosures statement                                       plastic commitments. See pages 87 to 88 for more on PSP
                                                                      including the role of the Board’s Compensation Committee
The following statement, which Unilever believes is consistent
                                                                      and Corporate Responsibility Committee in determining how
with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
                                                                      the PSP operates, and the SPI outcome each year.
(TCFD) Recommendations and Recommended Disclosures,
details the risks and opportunities arising from climate
change, the potential impact on our business and the actions          Strategy and risk management
we’re taking to respond. We also integrate climate-related
                                                                      Climate change is a principal risk to Unilever which has the
disclosures throughout this Annual Report and Accounts,
                                                                      potential – to varying degrees – to impact our business in
including in our Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP) Progress
                                                                      the short, medium and long term. We face potential physical
Report on pages 51 to 56.
                                                                      environment risks from the effects of climate change on our
See our website for our Climate Transition Action Plan                business, including extreme weather and water scarcity.
                                                                      Potential regulatory and transition market risks associated
Governance                                                            with the shift to a low-carbon economy include changing
The Board takes overall accountability for the management             consumer preferences and future government policy and
of all risks and opportunities, including climate change              regulation. These also present opportunities. The potential
(see page 44). Our CEO and Executive Board member, Alan               impacts of climate change are taken into account in
Jope, is ultimately responsible for oversight of our climate          developing the overall strategy and financial plans.
change agenda. The Corporate Responsibility Committee and             More detail on these risks, opportunities and the mitigating
Audit Committee review our climate reporting and receive              actions we’re taking can be found on pages 59 to 60.
presentations from sustainability experts, including the
                                                                      The process for assessing and identifying climate-related risks
Sustainability Advisory Council. The Board is supported by the
                                                                      is the same for the principal risks and is described on page
ULE. The ULE meet quarterly to discuss key strategic matters.
                                                                      44. The risks are reviewed and assessed on an ongoing basis
During 2021, three agenda items relating to climate change
                                                                      and formally at least once per year. For each of our principal
were discussed, including progress against our Compass
                                                                      risks we have a risk management framework detailing the
climate goals.
                                                                      controls we have in place, who is responsible for managing
Additional specialist governance groups are in place                  both the overall risk and the individual controls mitigating it.
to support our climate agenda and ULE decision-                       We monitor risks throughout the year to identify changes in the
making, including:                                                    risk profile.
▪ Climate Action Committee: Drives delivery of our carbon
                                                                      We regularly carry out climate-related risk assessments at
  ambition at corporate and country level and leads strategic
                                                                      site level, supplier level, as well as innovation-project level.
  partnerships and policy on renewables. Chaired by our
                                                                      Climate-related risks are managed by the team relevant to
  Chief Business Operations Officer, Reginaldo Ecclissato.
                                                                      where the risk resides. For example, climate risks in relation
▪ Sustainable Sourcing Steering Group: Supports our strategy
                                                                      to commodities in the supply chain are managed by our
  focusing on long-term, sustainable access to our key crops.
                                                                      procurement team.
  Chaired by our Chief Procurement Officer, David Ingram.

This year we engaged with shareholders on our climate
                                                                      Understanding financial impact: scenario analysis
strategy by seeking an advisory vote on our CTAP. We will
continue to seek an advisory vote on our CTAP at our AGM              We have conducted several high-level scenario analyses on
every three years.                                                    the potential impacts of climate change to help us consider
                                                                      and adapt our strategies and financial planning. In prior years,
Executive remuneration for management employees – up to
                                                                      we have reported the potential financial impacts of climate
and including the ULE – continues to be linked to performance
                                                                      change on our business in 2030 if average global temperatures
against climate change goals. Their reward packages include
                                                                      were to rise by 2°C and 4°C above pre-industrial levels by 2100.
fixed pay, a bonus as a percentage of fixed pay and eligibility
                                                                      This analysis led us to understand that limiting warming to
to participate in a long-term Performance Share Plan (PSP).
                                                                      2°C would primarily expose us to economic and regulatory
The PSP is linked to financial and sustainability performance,
                                                                      transition risks, whereas a 4°C warming level would expose
guided by our Sustainability Progress Index (SPI), which
                                                                      us to unprecedented physical risks. In 2021, as new scientific
accounts for 25% of the total PSP award. The SPI in 2021 is tied
                                                                      evidence was released by the UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on
to a number of sustainability targets, including our progress
                                                                      Climate Change (IPCC) and the global consensus around the
on reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions in manufacturing,
                                                                      need of governments to commit to a 1.5°C world strengthened,
sustainable sourcing and recycled plastic – see page 92 for
                                                                      we extended our scenario analyses to assess the impacts of a
details. From 2022, the SPI will be linked to a new set of targets,
                                                                      1.5°C temperature increase above pre-industrial levels by 2100
including replacing fossil-fuel-derived ingredients in our
                                                                      on our business in 2030, 2039 and 2050.
58                                                                                                                    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Additional non-financial information continued




Understanding and modelling the potential financial                 Climate scenarios: 1.5°C, 2°C and 4°C
impact on the business in 2030, 2039 and 2050 of
limiting global warming to 1.5°C
The IPCC’s sixth assessment report (AR6), the most up-to-
date compendium from the global scientific community                                                         4°C world




                                                                       Physical environmental risks
on climate change, states that limiting warming to 1.5°C                                              HIGH

above pre-industrial levels is necessary to prevent the severe
environmental consequences that are likely to occur in a                                                                                    2°C world

2°C warmer world, and the catastrophic impacts that would                                                                                                     1.5°C world
materialise if temperatures rose by 4°C. However, it also noted
that achieving a 1.5°C world would still imply major disruption                                       LOW

and would necessitate a fast and aggressive transition of
our global economy, encompassing policy and regulation,
                                                                                                                LOW                                       HIGH
production and consumption systems, societal and economic
                                                                                                                         Regulatory and economic risks
structures and behaviours, and infrastructure development
and deployment of new technologies.

The IPCC also sets out multiple pathways that the world             Pathways to 1.5°C: Proactive and Reactive
could take to limit global warming to 1.5°C. The nature
of the pathway taken significantly impacts the risks and
opportunities that a business will face.

In assessing the material risks and opportunities Unilever
would face in a world focused on achieving 1.5°C we have
                                                                                                                            1.5°C “Proactive”
reviewed in detail two pathways, ‘proactive’ and ‘reactive’, that                                     HIGH                  route




                                                                         Extent of regulation
we assessed as more likely than other more extreme possible
pathways. In the ‘proactive’ route, there is an early and steady                                                                           1.5°C “Reactive”
reduction of emissions as a result of a fast response from                                                                                 route

all economic actors, meaning there is less dependence on
technological advancements to remove carbon from the                                                  LOW

atmosphere in the second half of the century. Conversely, in
the ‘reactive’ route, significant action by economic actors is
                                                                                                                LOW                                       HIGH
delayed to 2030, after which a very rapid transition across all
                                                                                                                             Speed of Innovation
actors is required, accompanied by deployment at a very large
scale of low-carbon energy and carbon removal activities
and technology.
                                                                      Proactive route                                                 Reactive route
                                                                    ▪ Aggressive and persistent                                    ▪ Gradual regulation by 2030,
Risks and opportunities assessed in creating our                      regulation from today                                          very aggressive post-2030
1.5°C scenario                                                      ▪ Dramatic changes to                                          ▪ Continuation of historical
                                                                      lifestyle from today,                                          societal trends until 2030,
In creating our 1.5°C scenario analysis, we took the two
                                                                      towards minimising                                             then rapid pivot
pathways and considered the five broad types of risks and
                                                                      climate impact and                                           ▪ Major reliance on
opportunities using the TCFD risk framework: Regulatory risks;        social inequality                                              technologies that are not
Market risks; Physical environment risks; Innovative products       ▪ Reliance on available and                                      yet proven to scale
and services opportunities; and Resource efficiency, resilience,      proven technologies                                          ▪ Higher reliance on carbon
and market opportunities. We identified approximately 40            ▪ Lower reliance on carbon                                       removal technologies
specific risk and opportunity areas which could impact us in          removal technologies
2030, 2039 and 2050, each of which we assessed qualitatively,
supported where possible with high-level quantitative
assessments. The assessments are based on financial
scenarios and do not represent financial forecasts. They
exclude any actions that we might undertake to mitigate or
adapt to these risks.

The quantitative assessments were developed to understand
high-level materiality and order of magnitude financial impact
rather than perform detailed simulations or forecasts on the
long-term future of markets and products. The data used
was from internal environmental, operational, and financial
data and external science-based data and assumptions from
reputable and broadly used sources such as the IPCC or the
International Energy Agency.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                          59




Key risks and opportunities                                         Actions taken: We're mitigating regulatory risks through




                                                                                                                                       STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
                                                                    ongoing progress against the goals in our Compass and
Out of all the risks and opportunities we assessed, there are
                                                                    CTAP, notably our commitments on climate, deforestation
11 which we believe are significant and we summarise these
                                                                    and plastic packaging – see pages 10, 29 to 30 and 51 to 56.
below. We have combined the outputs from the ‘proactive’
                                                                    We support the use of carbon pricing as an important tool to
and ‘reactive’ analyses since the risks and opportunities are
                                                                    help us achieve our zero emissions goal. Our carbon pricing
similar, with differences in the size and timing of impact. Where
                                                                    approach is a mechanism which creates a sustainable capital
we have been able to quantify the risk, the ranges represent
                                                                    investment fund which is then used to fund capital investments
potential impacts of the different pathways.
                                                                    to decarbonise our operations. We support EPR policies and
Actions to mitigate the risks and capitalise on the                 schemes and we’re investing directly in waste collection,
opportunities have been consolidated into our Compass               processing and capacity-building projects to recycle more
strategy (pages 8 to 11) and our CTAP (pages 51 to 56). Below       plastic.
we summarise the actions we're taking for each of the areas         Market risks:
considered in our 1.5°C scenario assessments.                       ▪ Energy transition and rising energy prices could be driven
Regulatory risks:                                                     by increased electrification, the deployment of renewable
▪ Carbon pricing includes carbon taxes and voluntary removal          energy solutions, associated transmission, distribution and
  or offset costs. Tightening regional or national regulations        storage infrastructure, as well as the adoption of emerging
  as well as climate commitments across individual businesses         low-carbon technologies such as biogas, green hydrogen
  could drive widespread implementation of these taxes                and ammonia. This could impact our operations, suppliers,
  or market schemes. This could translate into rising direct          and end-consumers’ utility costs.
  and indirect costs linked to carbon emissions, where the
                                                                    ▪ Energy and commodity market volatility could potentially
  strongest impact would likely be on costs of sales linked
                                                                      lead to increased uncertainty in financial planning and
  to raw materials, production, and distribution emissions.
                                                                      forecasting for key commodities, as well as a higher cost
  Carbon taxes on household emissions or costs passed
                                                                      associated with risk management. Other considerations
  through to our consumers linked to household emissions
                                                                      include potential manufacturing or supply disruptions
  may impact their disposable income and ultimately their
                                                                      linked to availability or higher cost of energy and
  purchasing power.
                                                                      sourced commodities.
▪ Land use regulation could drive reforms to radically
                                                                    Actions taken: We're mitigating market risks by decarbonising
  restructure current global land use patterns to conserve
                                                                    our operations through eco-efficiency measures in our
  and expand forest land, serving as the main natural carbon
                                                                    factories, powering our operations with renewables and
  removal solution. This could reduce land available for food
                                                                    transitioning heating and cooling for our factories to lower
  crops, pasture, and timber and hence access to our primary
                                                                    emission and renewable sources (see page 51). We manage
  commodities which could drive reduced crop output and
                                                                    commodity price risks through forward-buying of traded
  increase raw material prices.
                                                                    commodities and other hedging mechanisms.
▪ Product composition regulations could restrict or ban the         Physical environment risks:
  use of certain GHG intensive components and ingredients           ▪ Water scarcity would lead to increased droughts while
  in everyday products. This would require the redesign               limited resources to irrigate soils could reduce crop outputs.
  of products and packaging to comply, which could                    Water shortages could also impact our manufacturing
  increase costs.                                                     sites and our ability to supply water-based products. Our
▪ Sourcing transparency and product labelling regulations             consumers could also face water shortages in their everyday
  could increase significantly through pressure from                  activities in certain regions, creating a need for water-smart
  regulators, consumers, and investors. This could lead               or waterless products or services.
  to disclosure compliance risks and rising commodity               ▪ Extreme weather events could significantly disrupt our
  costs linked to radical transition to transparent supply            entire value chain. Sustained high temperatures could lead
  chains, as well as a potential loss of market share to more         to reduced crop outputs due to reduction in soil productivity
  transparent competitors.                                            which could translate into higher raw material prices.
▪ Extended producer responsibility (EPR) would mean that              Weather events such as hurricanes or floods, which would
  producers are held accountable for their environmental              become increasingly common and intense, could cause
  and social impacts across the product value chain. This             plant outages or disrupt our distribution infrastructure.
  could lead to improvements of lifecycle traceability from           Additionally, macroeconomic negative shocks among
  sourcing to managing end-of-life treatment of products              affected communities could reduce or destroy consumer
  and packaging. Circular product design and manufacturing            demand and purchasing power.
  practices could become a requirement in many regions to           Actions taken: We're mitigating physical environment risks
  incentivise efficient and responsible resource extraction,        by investing in new products and formulations that work
  and pass waste management costs through higher disposal           with less water, poor quality water or no water. Many of
  and recycling fees to producers.                                  our hair care products now have fast-rinse technology as
                                                                    standard, using less water. We're expanding our water
                                                                    stewardship programme to 100 locations in water-stressed
                                                                    areas by 2030 (see page 30). We monitor changing weather
                                                                    patterns on a short-term basis and integrate weather system
60                                                                                       Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Additional non-financial information continued



modelling into our forecasting process. To mitigate negative       opening up the opportunity to access the utility market as an
effects from extreme weather we have contingency plans to          off-grid generator and create new revenue streams from grid
secure alternative key material supplies at short notice or        balancing or demand side response services or providing
transfer or share production between manufacturing sites.          excess renewable power of oversized capacity to supply
We manage commodity price risks through forward-buying             chain partners.
of traded commodities and other hedging mechanisms.
                                                                 Actions taken: We're capitalising on resource efficiency
Our Regenerative Agriculture Principles and Sustainable
                                                                 opportunities by generating renewable electricity at our
Agriculture Code encourage our agricultural raw material
                                                                 factory sites where feasible (see page 51), targeting emissions
suppliers to adopt practices which increase their productivity
                                                                 reduction from our logistics suppliers and own vehicle fleet
and resilience to extreme weather.
                                                                 (see page 53) and through product reformulations which make
In addition to these risks inherent in the pathways to a 1.5°C   our products more resource efficient in use – for example,
world, there are also opportunities which would arise from       many of our laundry products are now low-temperature
emerging needs for products and services which are delivered     washing as standard (see page 23).
sustainably at an appropriate price. There are two specific
opportunities which this scenario analysis highlighted:
                                                                 Summary of high-level quantitative assessment
Innovative products and services opportunities:
                                                                 For those risks and opportunities where we have undertaken
▪ Growth in plant-based or lab-grown foods could increase
                                                                 high-level quantitative assessments, the results are shown in
  rapidly in the coming years. As people become more
                                                                 the tables below. These assessments show the gross impact
  environmentally conscious and there is regulation on land
                                                                 before any action which Unilever might take to respond. The
  use, we could see a rise in plant-based diets away from
                                                                 ranges reflect the different results from the reactive and
  animal-based protein.
                                                                 proactive pathways assessed.
Actions taken: We're capitalising on innovative product
                                                                 We first undertook scenario analysis in 2017 on 2°C and 4°C
and service opportunities by offering a range of vegan and
                                                                 scenarios. This year we have completed a 1.5°C scenario
vegetarian products. We have a target to grow sales from
                                                                 analysis. The results of this work on the way to 1.5°C is
our plant-based meat and dairy alternatives business to €1
                                                                 consistent with this previous work. The key differences are due
billion per annum by 2025-2027 (see page 22).
                                                                 to: the more extreme measures that would need to be taken
Resource efficiency, resilience and market opportunities:        to achieve a 1.5°C outcome; the evolution of the scientific
▪ Investment in energy transition technologies represents        assumptions contained within the IPCC's AR6 report; and a
  a shift to efficient and less centralised energy supply and    more detailed approach to the scenario analysis. The financial
  consumption (e.g. through on-site renewable energy             impact in 2030 is more significant in the 1.5°C scenario.
  generation and storage), zero-emission logistics and           However, the scenario avoids the greater negative impacts
  designing products for resource-efficient consumption. This    from the physical risks associated with higher temperature rise
  could drive decarbonisation across the value chain, while      scenarios in 2050 and beyond.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                            61




1.5°C scenario analysis financial quantification in current money




                                                                                                                                                         STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
Financial quantification of the assessed regulatory and market risks
                                      Potential financial impact on profit in the year
                                      if no actions to mitigate risks are taken(a)
Risk                                  2030            2039              2050             Key assumptions
Carbon tax and voluntary carbon       -€3.2bn to      -€5.2bn to        -€6.1bn          ▪ Absolute zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030
removal costs                         -€2.4bn         -€4.8bn                            ▪ Scope 3 emissions exclude consumer use emissions
                                                                                         ▪ Carbon price would reach 245 USD/tonne by 2050,
We quantified how high prices from
                                                                                           rising more aggressively in early years in a proactive
carbon regulations and voluntary
                                                                                           scenario
offset markets for our upstream
                                                                                         ▪ The price of carbon offsetting would reach 65 USD/
Scope 3 emissions might impact
                                                                                           tonne by 2050
our raw and packaging materials
                                                                                         ▪ Offsetting 100% of emissions on and after 2039
costs, our distribution costs and
the neutralisation of our residual
emissions post 2039.

Land use regulation impact on         -€0.8bn to      -€2.1bn to        -€5.1bn to       ▪ By 2050, in a proactive scenario, land use regulation
food crop outputs                     -€0.3bn         -€0.7bn           -€1.7bn            would increase prices by:
                                                                                           ▪ Palm: ~28%
We quantified how changing land
                                                                                           ▪ Commodities and food ingredients: ~33%
use regulation to promote the
conversion of current and future                                                         ▪ By 2050, in a reactive scenario, land use regulation
food crops to forests could drive                                                          would increase prices by:
reduced crop output and lead to                                                            ▪ Palm: ~10%
increased raw material prices,                                                             ▪ Commodities and food ingredients: ~11%
impacting sourcing costs.

Impact of rising energy prices for    -€0.6bn         -€1.5bn           -€3.4bn          ▪ High uncertainty surrounds possible shifts to energy
suppliers and in manufacturing                                                             prices during a transition to 1.5°C world
                                                                                         ▪ Analysis assumes that by 2050 average electricity
We quantified how electricity
                                                                                           prices would:
and gas price increases could
                                                                                           ▪ Rise ~16% in The Americas
impact both total energy annual
                                                                                           ▪ Rise ~18% in Europe
spend as well as indirect cost
                                                                                           ▪ Decline ~1% in ASIA/AMET/RUB(b)
increases passed through from raw
material suppliers.                                                                      ▪ By 2050 average global gas prices would rise by ~141%



Financial quantification of the assessed physical environment risks
                                      Potential financial impact on profit in the year
                                      if no actions to mitigate risks are taken(a)
Risk                                  2030            2039              2050             Key assumptions
Water scarcity impact on              -€0.3bn to      -€0.7bn to        -€1.7bn to       ▪ By 2050, in a proactive scenario, water scarcity would
crop yields                           -€0.2bn         -€0.5bn           -€1.2bn            increase prices by:
                                                                                            ▪ Palm: ~10%
We quantified how increased
                                                                                            ▪ Commodities and food ingredients: ~11%
water-stressed areas and
prolonged droughts would reduce                                                          ▪ By 2050, in a reactive scenario, water scarcity would
crop outputs due to water scarcity                                                         increase prices by:
in agricultural regions, decreasing                                                         ▪ Palm: ~14%
crop viability, and impacting raw                                                           ▪ Commodities and food ingredients: ~16%
material prices.

Extreme weather (temperature)         -€0.4bn to      -€1.1bn to        -€2.8bn to       ▪ By 2050, in a proactive scenario, extreme weather
impact on crop yields                 -€0.3bn         -€0.8bn           -€1.9bn            would increase prices by:
                                                                                           ▪ Palm: ~12%
We quantified how extreme
                                                                                           ▪ Commodities and food ingredients: ~14%
weather events such as sustained
high temperatures could impact                                                           ▪ By 2050, in a reactive scenario, extreme weather would
crop output and therefore sourcing                                                         increase prices by:
costs across key commodities.                                                               ▪ Palm: ~18%
                                                                                            ▪ Commodities and food ingredients: ~21%
62                                                                                                                     Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Additional non-financial information continued




Financial quantification of the assessed opportunities
                                            Potential financial impact in the year if actions
                                            to capitalise on opportunities are taken(a)
Opportunity                                 2030               2039                2050                Key assumptions
Growth in plant-based                       +€0.5bn            +€1.7bn             +€6.4bn             ▪ By 2050, the total global market for plant based
foods category                                                                                           products would rise to~USD 1.6 trillion
                                                                                                       ▪ Maintain a constant market share
We quantified the potential
                                                                                                       ▪ Product mix and product margins would remain
revenue opportunity from
                                                                                                         constant
anticipated growth in the global
plant-based foods market and
possible market share in 2025.

(a) These potential financial impacts are based on high-level quantitative assessments of certain risk and opportunity areas which could impact us in 2030, 2039 and 2050.
(b) Refers to Asia, Africa, Middle East, Turkey, Russia, Ukraine and Belarus.


In summary and next steps
The analysis suggests that policy interventions and changing socio-economic trends, such as regulations related to carbon
pricing, land use, product composition, sourcing transparency and product labelling, and EPR would have the most significant
impact on our value chain along the journey to a 1.5°C world. The next level of impact would be as a result of the transition of
the energy system with rising energy prices and market volatility. We would also experience the impact of physical environment
risks associated with a warmer climate, even in a 1.5°C world. While the potential risks and financial impact of limiting global
warming to 1.5°C are significant if no mitigating actions are taken, the impact of the potential risks that would exist if we were
not to reduce warming to 1.5°C are potentially even more significant.

The outcomes from our analysis provide us with initial high-level insights into these potential business and financial impacts.
These form an important input to our strategic planning process.

In summary, the radical and disruptive system-wide transformation we could face in the journey to limit warming to 1.5°C by
2100, would present a significant range of material risks, where regulatory and economic risks would be the most disruptive.
However, many opportunities would also emerge, which we would be well placed to seize given our ambitious commitments are
aligned with a proactive route towards net zero by 2039.

There is still much to do to advance our understanding of the risk and opportunities facing our business and our industry, and
our strategic responses to such a radically different future. This analysis represents an important step to continue to engage and
challenge our business and our stakeholders to define how we can make sustainable living commonplace.


Metrics and targets
Our CTAP includes key metrics and targets to assess and manage climate risks and opportunities across our value chain. Two of
the targets have been recognised as science-based by the Science Based Targets initiative – see page 55 for more details. The
table below provides a high-level overview of our Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions. A more detailed breakdown of emissions by
source can be found in our CTAP Progress Report on page 55.


Absolute GHG emissions
                                                                                                                                       2021           2020            2019
Scope 1 (tonnes CO2e)(a)                                                                                                          565,988        606,771         659,028
Scope 2 (tonnes CO2)(b)                                                                                                           144,752        216,740         469,063
 Scope 3 (tonnes CO2e)(c)                                                                                                     61,007,131      60,388,592     61,020,357
(a) Scope 1 encompasses direct GHG emissions from energy generated from fossil fuels such as gas and oil, as well as emissions from refrigerants at a small number
    of sites where we have reliable data; Scope 2 encompasses indirect GHG emissions from the on-site generation and purchase of electricity according to the ‘market-
    based method’ and purchased thermal energy.
(b) 2020 and 2019 figures have been restated to align our renewable electricity reporting with updated RE100 guidance. See page 51 for more information.
(c) Scope 3 encompasses indirect GHG emissions in Unilever’s value chain (upstream and downstream). Our Scope 3 emissions were recalculated in 2020 to include
    biodegradability of organic materials. We also recalculated consumer use to include disposal, and ingredients and packaging to include inbound transport of raw
    materials. See the Basis of Preparation on our website for more details on how we measure our GHG footprint www.unilever.com/planet-and-society/sustainability-
    reporting-centre/independent-assurance.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          63

Additional non-financial information continued




Other non-financial disclosures




                                                                                                                                                       STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
Unilever is subject to a number of mandatory reporting requirements. In the following pages, we provide part of our Section
172 disclosure, our Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting disclosure, employee gender reporting in alignment with the
UK Corporate Governance Code, our non-financial information statement in line with the UK Companies Act 2006, and our EU
Taxonomy disclosure.

Section 172: Engaging with our stakeholders
The information set out below, together with the information on pages 69 to 71 of our Governance Report which explains how
the Board considers and engages with stakeholders, forms our section 172 statement under the UK Companies Act 2006. The
Unilever Compass on page 9 details the six stakeholder groups we have identified as critical to our future success: shareholders,
our people, consumers, customers, suppliers & business partners and planet & society. Throughout the Strategic Report we
explain how we’ve worked to create value for each in 2021, as well as how our business benefits from these vital relationships.


                                                                                                                                         Find out
 Stakeholder                     How we engaged in 2021                                                                                  more
 Shareholders                    ▪ We speak directly to shareholders through quarterly results broadcasts and conference                 Page 15-17
 We engage with our                presentations, as well as through meetings and calls about aspects of business performance and
 shareholders on our               consumer trends.
 strategy and business           ▪ Senior leaders and our Board speak directly to shareholders on a broad range of issues. For
 performance.                      example, in 2021 we presented to investors on innovation and alternative approaches to
                                   animal testing.
                                 ▪ As part of our engagement activities in 2021, we put our Climate Transition Action Plan before
                                   our shareholders for them to vote on.

 Our people                      • Through our UniVoice survey we engaged with around 90,000 employees in 2021 and we                    Page 18-19
 148,000 talented people           continued to run monthly UniPulse surveys for more frequent feedback, helping us understand
 in more than 100 countries        employee sentiment on specific topics.
 give their skills and time in   • We continued our bi-weekly ‘Your call’ sessions with our CEO and ULE members to give our
 Unilever offices, factories,      workforce direct and regular access to our leadership team where they answered questions from
 R&D laboratories and tea          our people on issues of concern to them as employees, such as employee attrition, our approach
 estates.                          to equity, diversity and inclusion, returning to the workplace and company financial performance.
                                 • At a market level, we held regular local leader-led virtual townhall meetings to engage with
                                   employees on locally relevant topics and issues.
                                 • We held a virtual Compass Live event, inviting key senior leaders across our business to engage
                                   with and inform our employees on our Compass strategy and our progress during the year, to
                                   ensure common awareness of the factors affecting our performance.

 Consumers                       ▪ We use our 37 People Data Centres to draw insights from social media coupled with consumer            Page 20-24
 3.4 billion people use our        research from partners such as Kantar, Nielsen and Ipsos who we engage with through their
 products every day.               regular surveys and panels.
                                 ▪ We use our Consumer Carelines to give us insights into the experiences of consumers when using
                                   our products – during 2021 we had around 4 million interactions through calls, emails, letters,
                                   social media and webchats. The feedback is shared with relevant parts of the business to take
                                   appropriate action.

 Customers                       ▪ We are members of the Advantage Group Survey to help us understand how we can improve our             Page 25-26
 We partner with global            customers’ experience. This year we engaged with nearly 800 customers across 34 countries.
 retailers and eCommerce         ▪ Our larger retail partners have direct channels into us. We actively manage these relationships
 marketplaces through to           through our Customer Development team who regularly meet customers to discuss a range of
 small family-owned stores.        issues including shopper insights and ways to drive category growth and sales. Through these
                                   relationships we produce Joint Business Plans for mutual benefit.
                                 ▪ We use an online platform to provide shopper insights and research for our smaller retailer
                                   customers. In 2021 we engaged with small shop owners and micro-entrepreneurs who have
                                   undertaken our financial and inclusion training programmes to understand how they have
                                   benefited from them.

 Suppliers & business            ▪ Through our Supply Chain and Procurement teams, we communicate with our suppliers and                 Page 27-28
 partners                          business partners frequently.
 We work with around             ▪ We conduct an annual Partner with Purpose survey to understand how our suppliers feel about
 53,000 supplier partners          working with Unilever and areas for improvement.
 in 150 countries to source      ▪ In 2021, we continued the roll-out of the Covid-19 information site we built in 2020 for suppliers
 materials and provide             to share protocols and useful information to help keep them running safely.
 critical services for us.

 Planet & society                ▪ As part of our sustainability materiality process, we analyse insights from our key stakeholders to   Page 29-31
 As a global business              make sure we’re focusing on the most important sustainability issues and to inform our reporting
 with a global footprint,          (see our website for more details).
 we consider the planet          ▪ We engage with NGOs such as Greenpeace and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation on common
 and all its citizens to be        issues of concern, such as plastic packaging, as well as local NGOs.
 a key stakeholder.              ▪ We conduct an annual survey of citizens who have a strong interest in social and environmental
                                   issues, to understand their evolving interests, concerns and expectations.
                                 ▪ We engage with industry groups and forums on the sustainability issues most important to
                                   Unilever, with ULE members leading our engagement in the areas most relevant to their field
                                   of responsibility.
                                 ▪ In 2021, Unilever was a Principal Partner of COP26, giving us the opportunity to engage with
                                   a wide range of stakeholders to drive a higher level of climate ambition.
 64                                                                                                                    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Additional non-financial information continued




Employee diversity
As part of our disclosure to comply with the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018, the table below shows our workforce diversity
by gender and work level for the reporting period ending 31 December 2021.

                                                                                                                                2021                                   2020

  Gender statistics                                                                     Female              Male       Unspecified(b)    Female              Male
  Board                                                                                       6                 7                   0                    5                7
                                                                                        (46)%              (54)%                —%                (42)%               (58)%
  Unilever Leadership Executive (ULE)                                                         4                 9                  0                     4                9
                                                                                        (31)%              (69)%                —%                (31)%               (69)%
  Senior management (reporting to ULE)                                                      20                 55                  0                 16                  56
                                                                                        (27)%              (73)%                —%                (22)%               (78)%
  Management(a)                                                                          8,733             8,047                    7             7,636               7,525
                                                                                        (52)%              (48)%            (0.04)%                50%                 50%
  Total workforce                                                                      52,925             95,087                   32           51,967               96,982
                                                                                        (36)%              (64)%           (0.02)%                 35%                 65%
 Based on a total management population of 16,875 including ULE and senior management.
(a)

 In 2021 we expanded our reporting to include those who are not identified as male or female in our systems.
(b)

Employees who are statutory directors of the corporate entities included in this Annual Report and Accounts: 494 (65%) males and 265 (35%) females (see pages 176 to 186).




Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR)
In line with the requirements set out in the UK Government’s guidance on Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting, the table
below represents Unilever’s energy use and associated GHG emissions from electricity and fuel in the UK (1 October to 30
September), calculated with reference to the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. The scope of this data includes eight manufacturing sites
and 11 non-manufacturing sites based in the UK. In 2021, the UK accounted for 7% of our global total Scope 1 and 2 emissions
as well as 5% of our global energy use, outlined in the table below. See page 51 for more on energy efficiency measures.

  UK operations                                                                                                             2021                  2020                 2019

  Biogas (kWh)                                                                                                       10,025,000            9,420,000           17,045,000
  Natural gas (kWh)                                                                                                 226,110,000          231,832,000          238,081,000
  LPG (kWh)                                                                                                           1,411,000            1,464,000                866,000
  Fuel oils (kWh)                                                                                                              0              59,000                580,000
  Coal (kWh)                                                                                                                   0                    0                    0
  Electricity (kWh)                                                                                                 171,897,000          190,790,000          195,797,000
  Heat and steam (kWh)                                                                                              192,738,000          201,709,000          212,483,000
  Total UK energy (kWh)   (a)
                                                                                                                    364,635,000          392,499,000          408,280,000
  Total global energy (kWh)                                                                                     7,002,482,000           7,037,674,000        7,181,904,000
  Total UK Scope 1 emissions (tonnes CO2)(b)                                                                             45,740               46,918                 48,178
  UK Scope 1 emissions (kg CO2) per tonne of production                                                                     56.9                  49.1                 55.6
  Total UK Scope 2 emissions (tonnes CO2)(b)(c)                                                                                0                  527                  702
  UK Scope 2 emissions (kg CO2) per tonne of production                                                                        0                   0.6                  0.8
(a) Fleet and associated diesel use excluded as it is not material. Transportation is operated by a third party and accounted for under Scope 3.
(b) We report our emissions with reference to the latest Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (GHG Protocol). Our only material GHG
    from energy is CO2, reported as required by the GHG Protocol. Other gases are immaterial. Energy use data is taken from meter reads and energy invoices from each
    site and then converted to kWh using standard conversion factors as published by the IPCC.
(c) Carbon emission factors for grid electricity calculated according to the ‘market-based method’. Total Scope 2 emissions reported as zero in 2021 as we now use 100%
    renewable grid electricity across all our sites in the UK & Ireland.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                              65




Non-financial information statement




                                                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT – REVIEW OF THE YEAR
In accordance with sections 414CA and 414CB of the Companies Act 2006 which outline requirements for non-financial
reporting, the table below is intended to provide our stakeholders with the content they need to understand our development,
performance, position and the impact of our activities with regards to specified non-financial matters. Further information
on these matters can be found on our website and in our Human Rights Report, including relevant policies.


Non-financial matter and relevant sections                        Annual Report page reference
of Annual Report
Environmental matters
Relevant sections of Annual Report and Accounts:
▪ Improving the health of our planet                              ▪   Policy: pages 29 to 30
▪ Climate action                                                  ▪   Position and performance: pages 29 to 30, 34, 51 to 62 and 64
▪ A waste-free world                                              ▪   Risk: pages 47, 57 to 61
▪ Protect and regenerate nature                                   ▪   Impact: pages 29 to 30, 57 to 62
▪ Climate Transition Action Plan Progress Report
▪ Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures statement
 Social and community matters
 Relevant sections of Annual Report and Accounts:
 ▪ A fairer, more inclusive world                                 ▪   Policy: pages 26, 30 to 31
 ▪ Improving health, confidence and wellbeing                     ▪   Position and performance: pages 26, 30 to 31 and 34 to 35
                                                                  ▪   Risk: pages 48 and 50
                                                                  ▪   Impact: pages 26, 30 to 31
 Employee matters
 Relevant sections of Annual Report and Accounts:
 ▪ Equity, diversity and inclusion                                ▪   Policy: pages 18 to 19
 ▪ Protecting health, safety and wellbeing                        ▪   Position and performance: pages 18 to 19 and 35
 ▪ New ways of working                                            ▪   Risk: page 48
 ▪ Skills for the future                                          ▪   Impact: pages 18 to 19
 ▪ Nurturing our growth culture
 Human rights matters
 Relevant sections of Annual Report and Accounts:
 ▪ Respecting and promoting human rights                          ▪   Policy: pages 28, 31
 ▪ Raising living standards                                       ▪   Position and performance: pages 28, 30 to 31
                                                                  ▪   Risk: page 50
                                                                  ▪   Impact: pages 28, 30 to 31
 Anti-corruption and bribery matters
 Relevant sections of Annual Report and Accounts:
 ▪ Working with integrity                                         ▪   Policy: page 19
                                                                  ▪   Position and performance: page 19
                                                                  ▪   Risk: page 50
                                                                  ▪   Impact: page 19
66                                                                                                          Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Additional non-financial information continued




EU Taxonomy disclosures
New legislation has been introduced this year to support the transition to a more sustainable economy and will continue to be
augmented and amended. This includes the European Union’s Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation which incorporates
new reporting obligations including the EU Taxonomy. The Taxonomy sets out certain economic activities which are deemed
to be environmentally sustainable – referred to as ‘eligible activities’. It requires European businesses to disclose certain
information about these eligible activities.

The EU Taxonomy is work in progress and in creating the current list of eligible activities the European Commission have not
yet considered our industry, focusing instead on those industries where they believe there is most potential for climate change
mitigation or adaptation. However, certain European companies are required to report against the current list of eligible
activities for this year end. On the basis of the current eligible activity list and in accordance with the legislation, we have
undertaken a review of the Group’s turnover, capital expenditure and operating expenditure (as defined by the EU Taxonomy)
to identify the extent of any eligible activities within our business.

 Turnover

 ▪ None of our turnover as detailed in our consolidated income statement (page 114) for the year ended 31 December 2021 is derived from
   eligible activities.
 Capital expenditure (intangible assets and property, plant and equipment)

 ▪ 1% of our capital expenditure as detailed in our consolidated financial statements (pages 114 to 117) for the year ended 31 December 2021
   is in respect of eligible activities. The activities identified are related to: (i) Construction and real estate; (ii) Water supply, sewerage, waste
   management and remediation; and (iii) Energy.
 Operating expenditure

 ▪ Operating expenditure as per the EU Taxonomy is defined as directly incurred, non-capitalised costs relating to research and development,
   building renovations, short-term leases and the repair and maintenance of property, plant and equipment. 0% of our operating expenditure
   for the year ended 31 December 2021 is in respect of eligible activities.




WEF/IBC metrics
The World Economic Forum (WEF) and the International Business Council (IBC) have defined a number of metrics and disclosures
to help standardise environmental, social and governance reporting. Our Annual Report and Accounts includes a number of
the 'core' WEF/IBC metrics and disclosures, including: Governing purpose (pages 8 to 9 and 72 to 73), Ethical behaviour (page
19), Risk and opportunity oversight (pages 44 to 46), Climate change (pages 51 to 62), and Employment and wealth generation
(pages 112, 121 to 130, 163). Further information on core metrics will be available on our website in May.
See our website for more information on reporting standards
Governance
Unilever is subject to corporate governance
requirements in the UK and as a foreign
private issuer in the US. Here we describe
how Unilever is governed, the role of our
Board and its committees, and how our
Directors are remunerated.




Governance review


67   Corporate governance
78   Report of the Audit Committee
80   Report of the Corporate Responsibility Committee
82   Report of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
84   Directors' Remuneration Report
68                                                                                                            Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Corporate Governance
Unilever's structure                                                           The Governance of Unilever
Unilever PLC (PLC) is the parent company of the Unilever Group, which          A comprehensive description of Unilever's corporate governance
was incorporated under the laws of England and Wales in 1894. PLC’s            arrangements, including further details on the structure of the Unilever
shares are traded through its listings on the London Stock Exchange            Group, is set out in ‘The Governance of Unilever'. It further details the roles
and Euronext in Amsterdam, with its securities also traded on the New          and responsibilities of the Chair, Senior Independent Director (SID), CEO,
York Stock Exchange under its American Depositary Share programme.             CFO and other corporate officers and how our Board effectively operates,
                                                                               governs itself and delegates its authorities.
The Board of PLC has implemented standards of corporate governance
and disclosure policies applicable to a UK incorporated company, with          The Governance of Unilever also describes Directors' appointment, tenure,
listings in London, Amsterdam and New York.                                    induction and training, Directors' ability to seek independent advice at
                                                                               Unilever's expense and details about Board and Management Committees
                                                                               (including the Disclosure Committee). Unilever’s strong governance makes
Articles of association                                                        it well-placed to meet its strategic targets by ensuring it has effective risk
                                                                               management and internal controls, a diverse board, and high levels of
The current Articles of Association (Articles) were approved by
                                                                               engagement with stakeholders.
shareholders at the 2021 AGM and adopted with effect from 5 May 2021.
The amendments made to the Articles at the 2021 AGM brought the                www.unilever.com/board-and-management-committees
Articles up to date in a number of areas, including providing the ability to
hold AGMs and general meetings in a hybrid format, meaning a combined
physical and electronic general meeting enabling shareholders to choose
whether they attend and vote in person or remotely through an electronic
                                                                               Board
platform. PLC also retains the ability to hold AGMs and general meetings       The Board of PLC has ultimate responsibility for the management,
in the traditional way as a physical meeting without attendance via an         general affairs, direction, culture, performance and long-term success
electronic platform. No decision has been taken on how best to hold AGMs       of our business as a whole. The Directors lead by example, promoting
or general meetings in the future, but the Directors of PLC believe that       Unilever's culture and acting with integrity. The majority of the Directors are
it is important to have flexibility to hold AGMs or general meetings in a      independent Non-Executive Directors who essentially have a supervisory
different format, which is what the changes to the Articles achieved. There    role, providing constructive challenges, strategic guidance and specialist
were also a number of other changes to the Articles to reflect changes to      advice. In the normal course, Unilever has two Executive Directors, the CEO
company law and market practice.                                               and the CFO. A list of our current Directors can be found on pages 72 to 73.


Lapse of distributions                                                         Board Committees
Any PLC dividend unclaimed after 12 years from the date of the declaration     The Board has established four Board Committees: the Audit Committee,
of the dividend by PLC reverts to PLC. Any unclaimed dividends may             the Compensation Committee, the Corporate Responsibility Committee,
be invested or otherwise applied for the benefit of PLC while they are         and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The terms
unclaimed. PLC may also cease to send any cheque for any dividend on           of reference of these Committees can be found on our website and the
any shares normally paid in that manner if the cheques in respect of at        reports of each Committee, including attendance at meetings in 2021,
least two consecutive dividends have been returned to PLC or remain            can be found on pages 73 and 78 to 104.
uncashed.
                                                                               www.unilever.com/boardsofunilever
Unilever N.V., the former parent company of the Unilever Group alongside
PLC, was merged in to PLC and dissolved in November 2020 (Unification).
The time periods for the right to claim cash dividends or the proceeds
of share distributions declared by Unilever N.V. before Unification will       Board meetings
remain at 5 and 20 years, respectively, after the first day the dividend or
                                                                               In the ordinary course, six Board meetings are planned throughout
share distribution was obtainable from Unilever N.V. Any such unclaimed
                                                                               the calendar year to consider important corporate events and actions,
amounts will revert to Unilever PLC after the expiry of these time periods.
                                                                               for example, the half-year and full-year results announcements; the
                                                                               development and approval of our strategy; oversight of the performance
                                                                               of the business; review of the risk framework; authorisation of major
Redemption provisions and capital call
                                                                               transactions; declaration of dividends; review of the financial plan;
Outstanding PLC ordinary shares cannot be redeemed. PLC may make               succession planning; review of the functioning of the Board and its
capital calls on money unpaid on shares and not payable on a fixed date.       Committees; culture; workforce engagement; and review of corporate
PLC has only fully paid shares in issue.                                       responsibility. Other ad hoc Board meetings are convened to discuss
                                                                               strategic, transactional and governance matters that arise. A majority
                                                                               of Board meetings are held in the UK.
Modification of rights
                                                                               In 2021, due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the Board met physically in
Modifications to PLC's Articles of Association must be approved by a           October and November only and these Board meetings took place in
general meeting of shareholders.                                               the UK. The Board held all other meetings in 2021 virtually, these being in
                                                                               February, March, May, June, July and September.
Modifications that prejudicially affect the rights and privileges of a class
of PLC shareholders require the written consent of three-quarters of the       The Chair leads the Board and is responsible for its overall effectiveness in
affected holders (excluding treasury shares) or a special resolution passed    directing the Unilever Group. The Chair sets the Board’s agenda, ensures
at a general meeting of the class at which at least two persons holding or     the Directors receive accurate, timely and clear information, promotes
representing at least one-third of the paid-up capital (excluding treasury     and facilitates constructive relationships and effective contribution of
shares) must be present. Every shareholder is entitled to one vote per share   all the Executive and Non-Executive Directors, and promotes a culture of
held on a poll and may demand a poll vote. At any adjourned general            openness and debate. The Group Secretary supports the Board to ensure
meeting, present affected class holders may establish a quorum.                that it has the policies, processes, information, time and resources it needs
                                                                               to function effectively and efficiently.
                                                                               When there is a Board meeting, the Non-Executive Directors usually meet
Indemnification
                                                                               also as a group, without the Executive Directors present. In 2021 they met
The power to indemnify PLC Directors, together with former Directors,          six times. The Chair, or in his absence the SID, chairs such meetings.
the Company Secretary and the directors of subsidiary companies, is
                                                                               The table showing the attendance of current Directors at Board meetings
provided for in PLC’s Articles of Association and deeds of indemnity have
                                                                               in 2021 can be found on page 73. If Directors are unable to attend a Board
been agreed with all PLC Directors. Third-party directors’ and officers’
                                                                               meeting, they have the opportunity beforehand to discuss any agenda
liability insurance was in place for such individuals throughout 2021
                                                                               items with the Chair.
and is currently in force.
In addition, PLC provides indemnities (including, where applicable, a
qualifying pension scheme indemnity provision) to the Directors of three
subsidiaries, each of which acts or acted as trustee of a Unilever UK
pension fund. Appropriate trustee liability insurance is also in place.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                          69




Board evaluation                                                                    Unilever recognises the benefit to the individual and the Unilever Group
                                                                                    of senior executives acting as directors of other companies but, to ensure
Each year the Board formally assesses its own performance, including                outside directorships of our Executive Directors do not involve an excessive
with respect to its composition, diversity and how effectively its members          commitment or conflict of interest, the number of outside directorships
work together, with the aim of helping to improve the effectiveness of              of listed companies is generally limited to one per Executive Director and
both the Board and the Committees. At least once every three years,                 approval is required from the Chair.
an independent third party facilitates the evaluation. The last external
evaluation was performed at the end of 2019 by No.4, an independent                 Unilever, through the NCGC, assesses and monitors the structure of the
third party consultant, and consisted of individual interviews with the             Board including the other directorships held or proposed to be held by
Directors followed by a Board discussion in January 2020, covering both             Non-Executive Directors. Unilever aims to have a Board with a diverse
the outcome of the evaluation and the proposed actions to enhance the               range of skills and capabilities and works to the principle that each
effectiveness of the Board.                                                         Director shall have sufficient time available for the performance of his or
                                                                                    her duties. Unilever considers that the other board responsibilities of its
At the end of 2021, the Board performed an internal evaluation which                Non-Executive Directors, including those taken on during 2021, are fully
consisted of the Directors completing a questionnaire that focused on               consistent with these aims.
a number of key areas including strategy, risk/financial controls, Board
effectiveness, virtual ways of working, and information/knowledge. The
Chair’s statement on pages 4 to 5 describes the key actions agreed by the           How the Board engages with employees
Board following the internal evaluation.
                                                                                    As in previous years, given Unilever’s global footprint and scope of
The evaluation of the performance of the Chair and CEO is led by the SID            operations, the Board decided that the most effective way of organising
and Chair respectively, and bespoke questionnaires are used to support              its engagement with employees was to share the responsibility among all
these evaluations.                                                                  Non-Executive Directors as a collective point of contact. In 2021, Unilever
Committees of the Board evaluate themselves annually under supervision              published a Workforce Engagement Policy (further details can be found
of their respective Chairs taking into account the views of respective              on our website) setting out our approach to workforce engagement,
Committee members and the Board. The key actions agreed by each                     which is endorsed by the Board. A number of workforce engagement
Committee in the 2021 evaluations can be found in each Committee                    activities are provided for in the policy including face-to-face engagement
Report.                                                                             sessions with Non-Executive Directors, engaging with employee
                                                                                    representatives, townhall meetings, site visits, employee engagement




                                                                                                                                                                       GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                    surveys and Code of Business Principles reports. We believe that taking into
Board appointment                                                                   account feedback from our workforce widens the diversity of our Board’s
                                                                                    views when making business decisions.
The report of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
(NCGC) on pages 82 to 83 describes the work of the NCGC in Board                    At the start of the year, the Board discussed the progress on workforce
appointments and recommendations for re-election. The procedure                     engagement in 2020 and endorsed the programme for 2021. The Board
for the nomination and appointment of Directors is contained within                 considered workforce engagement valuable, offering the ability to tap
the document entitled ‘Appointment procedure for PLC Directors' which               into and understand different aspects of Unilever globally and to hear
is available on our website. Directors may be appointed by a simple                 from people at all organisational levels, including junior employees.
majority vote of shareholders at a general meeting, or on an interim basis          The engagements gave the Non-Executive Directors the ability to be
by the Board (in which case they will offer themselves for reappointment at         systematically closer to markets and other parts of the business.
the next AGM).
                                                                                    In 2021, the continuing Covid-19 pandemic meant we were required to
www.unilever.com/boardsofunilever                                                   hold workforce engagement activities virtually. Non-Executive Directors
                                                                                    attended 14 virtual workforce engagement events across a diverse range
                                                                                    of the workforce. This method of engagement provided Non-Executive
                                                                                    Directors with the opportunity to meet and hear directly from cohorts of
Board induction and training                                                        employees at all levels, geographies and Divisions across the business and
All new Directors participate in a comprehensive induction programme                allowed for discussions covering a wide range of topics.
when they join the Board. The Chair ensures that ongoing training is                Non-Executive Directors engaged with topics that are personal to the
provided for Directors by way of site visits, presentations and circulated          workforce including health and wellbeing, equity, diversity and inclusion,
updates at (and between) Board and Board Committee meetings. The                    and compensation and incentives. Non-Executive Directors heard from
training covers, among other things, Unilever’s business, environmental,            employees on strategic initiatives during sessions dedicated to the
social, corporate governance, regulatory developments and investor                  Unilever Compass and sustainability, innovation, eCommerce, and a
relations matters. For example, in 2021 the Directors received                      specific geography visit with employees in North Asia. Sessions were
presentations on our sustainability strategy, our people strategy,                  dedicated to ways of working with two sessions focused on the future
progress on our 5 Growth Fundamentals, and eCommerce.                               of work initiatives hearing from employees on Unilever’s alternative
                                                                                    employment models and those upskilling their teams and colleagues in
                                                                                    future-fit skills. New hybrid ways of working were discussed with employees
Independence and conflicts                                                          who had returned to offices. Non-Executive Directors connected with
It is important that the Non-Executive Directors can be considered to               factory workers across three sessions hearing from employees in factories
be independent. Each year the Board conducts a thorough review of                   in Indonesia, Nigeria and Hungary as well as employee representatives
the Non-Executive Directors’, and their related or connected persons’,              from Italy. Lastly, Non-Executive Directors engaged with employees in the
relevant relationships referencing the criteria set out in The Governance of        cyber security team to hear about their activities in managing this topic.
Unilever which is derived from the relevant best practice guidelines in the         We collaborated with the European Works Council (EWC) in a number
UK and US. The Board currently considers all our Non-Executive Directors            of areas. An engagement session was held with the EWC to share
to be independent of Unilever for the purposes of the UK Corporate                  Unilever’s social commitments. We co-developed and hosted a future
Governance Code.                                                                    of work conference with the EWC, which was attended by a member of
We attach special importance to avoiding conflicts of interest between PLC          the ULE. The conference highlighted best practices, outlined future plans
and its Directors. The Board ensures that there are effective procedures            and committed to drive the future of work agenda across Europe through
in place to avoid conflicts of interest by Board members. A Director must           site visits and engagements. Throughout the year, we worked in a small
without delay report any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest     group with the EWC focused on equity, diversity and inclusion, exploring
to the Chair and to the other Directors, or, in case any conflict of interest       opportunities to achieve a better gender balance in supply chain, for
or potential conflict of interest of the Chair, to the SID and to the other         example, in relation to shift patterns and flexible working. In 2022, we
Directors. The Director in question must provide all relevant information           intend to hold a joint conference with the EWC to promote the equity,
to the Board, so that the Board can decide whether a reported (potential)           diversity and inclusion agenda across Europe.
conflict of interest of a Director qualifies as a conflict of interest within the   Perspectives from the workforce were taken into consideration in
meaning of the relevant laws. A Director may not take part in the decision-         decision-making. For example:
taking process of the Board in respect of any situation in which he or she          • Employee engagement survey (UniVoice) results from 2020 showed
has a conflict of interest. We consider the procedures that Unilever has              a need to focus more on career development, so this was added to
put in place to deal with conflicts of interest operate effectively.                  the HR priorities for 2021.
70                                                                                                             Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Corporate governance continued



• In the health and wellbeing engagement session, attendees                        Non-Executive Directors found the virtual sessions allowed for
  suggested providing more training in this area. Line managers                    effective dialogue with a broad range of employees. Therefore, we
  have access to training sessions, webinars, supporting material,                 intend to continue with virtual connects in 2022 to access hard-to-
  bereavement guidance, Covid mental health guidebook, policies,                   reach sites and diverse Unilever communities.
  online training plans, and a team energy tool.
                                                                                 Based on feedback from Non-Executive Directors, we will also look to carry
• Our Senior Independent Director attended a town hall meeting in July
                                                                                 out some in-person engagement sessions in 2022, subject to any travel
  2021, which was an opportunity for all employees globally to engage
                                                                                 restrictions caused by Covid-19.
  with one of our Non-Executive Directors. Employees were able to ask
  questions and receive feedback on topics, such as gender diversity
  pipeline for the Board, hearing employee perspectives, growth
                                                                                 Board discussions and decision-making
  opportunities, CEO pay ratio, living wage and gender pay equity.
• In an engagement session on the Unilever Compass, employees were               Within our business model we have identified six stakeholder groups that
  able to ask Non-Executive Directors to leverage their networks to help         are crucial to our ongoing success, see page 9. As part of our Section 172 of
  expand Unilever's ability to influence stakeholders on sustainability.         the UK Companies Act 2006 disclosure, below we detail how our Directors
• An engagement session on the U-work employment model                           engaged with stakeholders and had regard to their interests when setting
  (employees engaged on assignments) identified a need to further                Unilever’s strategy and taking decisions concerning the business. This,
  consider IT access and aspects of compensation based on stage of               along with the information on page 63 which explains how we engaged
  career. The Non-Executive Directors remain committed to ensuring               with our stakeholders in 2021 and the information on pages 69 to 70 which
  employment rights continue for workers under the U-work model.                 explains how we engaged with our employees in 2021, form our Section
• In a session focused on North Asia, employees asked for feedback               172 statement.
  from the Non-Executive Directors on the business in China. The Non-
                                                                                 With clear roles and responsibilities defined by the Governance of Unilever,
  Executive Directors confirmed that demand and production in China
                                                                                 the Board and the ULE work in tandem to ensure the success of the
  are both powerful and important to Unilever. They also confirmed
                                                                                 business, informed by the individual knowledge and experience Board
  business focus on sustainability and local product solutions in China.
                                                                                 members bring. Board meetings, knowledge sessions covering Unilever
• The Board believes that ensuring a culture that embraces differences
                                                                                 Compass topics, visits and an agreed programme of engagement with
  without bias is key to stepping up diverse talent representation.
                                                                                 employees ensure the Board and ULE can come to a rounded view of the
  This has been facilitated, for example, by inclusion workshops and
                                                                                 interests of stakeholders when making strategic decisions. In 2021, the
  catalyst conversations, starting with the ULE. The engagement
                                                                                 ten Board visits were held virtually due to Covid-19 and included sessions
  activities in 2021 continue to be a success with positive feedback
                                                                                 with a number of key markets as well as detailed discussions on Unilever’s
  from employees and Non-Executive Directors alike. A survey of
                                                                                 largest brands, Dove and Knorr.
  employees who attended found that 59% felt their session topic was
  extremely relevant to them, all felt they were given the opportunity to        The following section illustrates the key discussions and decisions of
  raise matters of interest to them and felt listened to, and all felt the       the Board in 2021, including highlighting how the Board considered the
  sessions are an effective way for Unilever to engage with employees.           interests of stakeholders in the context of the strategic choices set out in
                                                                                 the Unilever Compass.


 Unilever Compass strategic choices                   Board discussions                                    Stakeholders considered
 Develop our portfolio into high growth spaces        Our disposals and acquisitions: ekaterra and         Shareholders, our people, consumers,
                                                      Paula’s Choice                                       customers, planet & society
 Win with our brands as a force for good,             Our approach to innovation and the Climate           Shareholders, our people, consumers,
 powered by purpose and innovation                    Transition Action Plan (CTAP)                        customers, suppliers & business partners,
                                                                                                           planet & society
 Accelerate in USA, India, China and key              Growth strategies in USA, India and China            Shareholders, our people, consumers,
 growth markets                                                                                            customers, suppliers & business partners,
                                                                                                           planet & society
 Lead in the channels of the future                   Accelerating eCommerce and becoming                  Shareholders, our people, consumers,
                                                      the digital commerce partner of choice               customers
                                                      for customers
 Build a purpose-led, future-fit organisation         Our strategy for equity, diversity and inclusion     Shareholders, our people, consumers,
 and growth culture                                   (EDI)                                                customers, suppliers & business partners,
                                                                                                           planet & society


Develop our portfolio into high growth spaces                                    Win with our brands as a force for good, powered by
The evolution of our portfolio into high growth spaces is an important           purpose and innovation
part of our growth strategy. As one of the steps to deliver this strategy, the   We rely on our world class R&D capability to evolve our portfolio and
Board endorsed proposals to separate Unilever’s global tea brands into a         capitalise on high growth opportunities. We’ve developed a number of
new entity, to place them into a new company called ekaterra and then to         focused science and technology initiatives to position the business for
sell ekaterra via an agreement reached in 2021 (see page 15). The Board          the future – based on clear priorities and disciplined execution of bigger
concluded that ekaterra’s strong portfolio and positive momentum would           projects. A number of these focus on opportunities from the low carbon
enable it to prosper under new ownership, while the interests of Unilever        transition. Home Care’s Clean Future strategy is already demonstrating the
would be served through a portfolio more focused on high-growth spaces.          potential of our ambitious approach with high-performance renewable
We have also acquired new brands in pursuit of our strategy. Our most            and recycled ingredients (see page 23). And through our Future Foods
recent is Paula’s Choice, a digitally-led cruelty-free brand (see page 15).      strategy we're developing lower carbon, plant-based foods alternatives
The acquisition represents a strong addition to Beauty & Personal Care’s         (see page 22).
Prestige beauty portfolio and supports Unilever’s expansion into this fast-      Our comprehensive Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP) sets out how
growing market.                                                                  through our business, our purpose-led brands and our value chain
In June, the Board approved the acquisition of Paula’s Choice, noting its        partners we will transition to net zero emissions by 2039 and zero
potential for growth and the strength it would bring to the business in          emissions in our operations by 2030. Innovation will play a key role in
terms of its appeal to consumers, particularly those seeking cruelty-free        achieving these goals. The Board approved the CTAP’s creation in 2020
options and transparency on ingredients. The company’s long experience           and supported our proactive stance in setting out this ambitious agenda,
in digital commerce will also be invaluable as we pursue another of our          agreeing that it was a critical move for the long-term benefit of the
strategic ambitions to become a leader in channels of the future.                business and society.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                   71




We published the CTAP in 2021, with reference to a number of climate-           Digital commerce also featured prominently in the Board’s virtual
related investor initiatives to ensure that it met investor expectations. The   visit programme during the year as business leaders, from markets as
views of investors were canvassed by the Chair, CEO and CFO. Investors          disparate as Brazil to Benelux, explained its importance in winning in the
supported the publication of the CTAP, agreeing that it represented a well-     marketplace. For example, the Board discussed how the Chinese business
considered approach to managing risk and opportunity.                           is investing in people to deliver on this fast-moving agenda: recruiting
                                                                                from a highly competitive market and equipping existing employees with
The Board studied the cost assumptions underlying the CTAP and
                                                                                specialist skillsets such as data science. This visit reinforced a discussion
considered the long-term commercial gain from emissions reductions,
                                                                                in the workforce engagement programme, where earlier in the year the
noting that leveraging the power of Unilever’s value chain will be essential
                                                                                Board had emphasised the vital role of the Chinese business in delivering
to drive the scale and pace of the change required. They also emphasised
                                                                                Unilever’s growth strategy.
that citizens and consumers have increasing expectations of company
action on climate change. The Board concluded that the CTAP will prove          The Board was pleased to see that Unilever’s initiatives are paying off,
valuable in the future, particularly plans to communicate the carbon            with eCommerce growing by 44% to reach 13% of turnover in 2021. Board
footprint of products. These footprints – which will require in-depth GHG       members considered that accelerating this momentum remains crucial to
lifecycle analysis by our R&D teams – will ultimately help consumers make       the future success of the business.
lower carbon choices.
In March 2021, the Board agreed that the CTAP should be put to a non-
                                                                                Build a purpose-led, future-fit organisation and
binding advisory vote at the AGM in May, where it received overwhelming
support with over 99% of votes in favour.                                       growth culture
                                                                                The Board reviewed Unilever’s plans for a new organisational model
                                                                                during its annual strategy discussions in 2021. It noted that the objectives
Accelerate in USA, India, China and key growth markets                          of the simplified model were to create a leaner and faster organisation
During the year the Board scrutinised progress against the Unilever             that is better able to respond to a fast-changing and intensely competitive
Compass strategy. Underpinning the success of the Unilever Compass are          environment. Employee feedback had also echoed the need for greater
the 5 Growth Fundamentals (see page 9) – which are being driven with            speed and agility. Five new category-focused Business Groups will equip
discipline throughout Unilever to improve the operation of the business. In     Unilever to be more responsive to consumer and channel trends as each
addition, they held in-depth discussions with our three biggest businesses      Group will be accountable for its strategy, growth, and profit delivery.
– the USA, India and China – to analyse progress on growth in these             Through its Compass goals, Unilever is driving equity, diversity




                                                                                                                                                                GOVERNANCE REPORT
important markets.                                                              and inclusion in its culture and workforce, through its brands, in its
In discussions with the US leadership team, the Board noted that the USA        advertising and among its suppliers.
represents a very competitive and volatile market. The US business is           The Board considers that a bias-free culture is crucial if we are to benefit
building its competitiveness, and growing the proportion of the business        from the talent of a diverse workforce, a view that was reinforced through
sold through eCommerce remains a priority. It is working closely with           our workforce engagement where gender diversity and gender pay equity
customers, for example by creating customised product ranges for them,          were raised by employees.
while boosting its premium product portfolio. Ensuring its brands serve
the varying needs of consumers, for example the Hispanic population, has        The CEO chairs Unilever’s Global Diversity Board and the Board’s Corporate
also been identified as a priority.                                             Responsibility Committee (CRC) also regularly reviews the topic. The
                                                                                Committee welcomed Unilever’s comprehensive strategy and supported
The Board’s discussion with our Indian business focused on the continued        Unilever’s drive to maximise the use of tools and data-driven insights to
resilience of Hindustan Unilever during 2021 and the opportunities over         inform decision-making, for example to ensure fairness in recruitment and
the next decade as internet access increases and the Indian economy             appointments. To support this improved decision-making, we are using a
expands. Hindustan Unilever is pursuing growth in line with the Unilever        mix of behavioural science and data to shed light on our senior leaders’
Compass – with a particular focus on making good nutrition accessible           hiring patterns.
and building our beauty brands. Recognising that these plans respond
to consumer needs, the Board endorsed Hindustan Unilever’s strategic            Unilever’s equity, diversity and inclusion strategy focuses on four
growth ambitions.                                                               areas: gender; race and ethnicity; people with disabilities; and LGBTQI+
                                                                                communities. The CRC probed the detail of this strategy, enabling it to see,
In China, consumers’ passion for digital commerce continues to rise.            for example, how we are determining a baseline on people with disabilities
The Board spoke to the Unilever China leadership team and studied an            to inform our future steps and how we are equipping eight countries to
example of how the Chinese business had benefited from improving its            support advocacy on human rights and freedom from discrimination.
digital capabilities. By connecting real-time social media advertising to       And through a Board knowledge session, our objective to increase the
eCommerce sites, it was able to track the effectiveness of its advertising      representation of women across the business was also discussed.
in converting to sales, and ultimately to derive a bigger return on its
marketing investment. Integrating digital processes is a company-wide           Further illustrations of this strategy in action were shared in many of the
imperative to support growth, and Unilever has placed a high priority on        Board virtual visits, for instance Unilever’s team in Brazil explained their
training for employees, particularly for those in marketing (see page 19).      targets to ensure equality of opportunity for Black and mixed-race people
                                                                                (who make up half of the Brazilian population) in leadership roles – so that
From its workforce engagement discussions with employees (see page 69),         leaders reflect the societies they live in and the consumers they serve. And
the Board recognised the importance of localised products and solutions         at a brand level, the Board engaged with Dove’s team who shared their
for Chinese consumers, and urged Unilever China to continue developing          work to challenge systemic race-based hair discrimination through The
its portfolio of in-home foods, hygiene, and health and wellbeing brands.       CROWN Act.


Lead in the channels of the future
Online commerce continues to grow, a trend that accelerated as people
switched to digital channels during the pandemic. The Board keeps close
track of Unilever’s strategic choice to lead in the channels of the future,
which goes hand in hand with the strategic choice to accelerate growth in
key markets.
The Board focused on eCommerce during its July meeting and Unilever’s
aim to become the digital commerce partner of choice for customers.
To achieve this, we are developing our capabilities across business-to-
business (B2B) and business-to-consumer (B2C) channels. At the same
time, we are exploring new business models and new routes to market in
our aim to help customers – both large and small – grow their businesses.
72                                                                                                         Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Our Board of Directors
Our Non-Executive Directors bring diverse experience to the Board’s
strategic discussions and decision-making



                          Nils Andersen                                       Andrea Jung                                          Alan Jope
                          Chair                                               Vice Chair/Senior                                    CEO
                                                                              Independent Director
                          Nationality Danish                                                                                       Nationality British
                          Age 63, Male                                        Nationality                                          Age 57, Male
                          Appointed April 2015                                American/Canadian                                    Appointed CEO
                           CC NC                                              Age 62, Female                                       January 2019
                                                                              Appointed May 2018                                   Appointed Director
                                                                               CC                                                  May 2019


Current external appointments: AKZO Nobel            Current external appointments:                     Current external appointments: Generation
N.V. (Chair); Worldwide Flight Services (Chair);     Grameen America Inc. (President and CEO);          Unlimited (Chair).
Salling Foundation (NED); European Round Table       Apple Inc. (NED); Wayfair Inc. (NED).
                                                                                                        Previous experience: Beauty & Personal Care
of Industrialists (Member).
                                                     Previous experience: Avon Products Inc. (CEO);     Division (President); Unilever Russia, Africa and
Previous experience: Faerch Plast (Chair);           General Electric (Board member); Daimler AG        Middle East (President); Unilever North Asia
Salling Group (Chair); BP plc (NED); A.P. Moller     (Board member).                                    (President); SCC and Dressings (Global Category
– Maersk A/S (Group CEO); Carlsberg A/S and                                                             Leader); Home and Personal Care North America
Carlsberg Breweries A/S (CEO); European Round                                                           (President).
Table of Industrialists (Vice-Chairman); Unifeeder
S/A (Chairman).

                          Graeme Pitkethly                                    Laura Cha                                            Judith Hartmann
                          CFO                                                 Non-Executive                                        Non-Executive
                                                                              Director                                             Director
                          Nationality British
                          Age 55, Male                                        Nationality Chinese                                  Nationality Austrian
                          Appointed CFO                                       Age 72, Female                                       Age 52, Female
                          October 2015                                        Appointed May 2013                                   Appointed April 2015
                          Appointed Director                                   NC CC                                               AC
                          April 2016


Current external appointments: Pearson Plc           Current external appointments: Hong Kong           Current external appointments: None
(NED); Financial Stability Board Task Force on       Exchanges and Clearing Ltd (Chair); Foundation
                                                                                                        Previous experience: ENGIE Group (Deputy
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (Vice          Asset Management Sweden AB (Senior
                                                                                                        CEO); Suez (NED); General Electric (various roles);
Chair); The 100 Group Main Committee (Vice           International Adviser); Executive Council of the
                                                                                                        Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA (CFO); RTL Group SA
Chair); UN Global Compact CFO Task Force.            Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (Non-
                                                                                                        (NED); Penguin Random House LLC (NED).
                                                     official member); CSRC International Advisory
Previous experience: Unilever UK and Ireland
                                                     Council (Vice Chair).
(EVP and General Manager); Finance Global
Markets (EVP); Group Treasurer; Head of M&A;         Previous experience: HSBC Holdings plc (NED);
FLAG Telecom (VP Corporate Development); PwC         Securities and Futures Commission, Hong Kong
                                                     (Deputy Chair); China Securities Regulatory
                                                     Commission (Vice Chair); China Telecom
                                                     Corporation Limited (NED); 12th National
                                                     People’s Congress of China (Hong Kong
                                                     Delegate).


                          Adrian Hennah                                       Susan Kilsby                                         Ruby Lu
                          Non-Executive                                       Non-Executive                                        Non-Executive
                          Director                                            Director                                             Director
                          Nationality British                                 Nationality                                          Nationality Chinese
                          Age 64, Male                                        American/British                                     Age 51, Female
                          Appointed November                                                                                       Appointed November
                                                                              Age 63, Female
                          2021                                                                                                     2021
                                                                              Appointed August
                           AC                                                                                                      NC CC
                                                                              2019
                                                                               AC
Current external appointments: J Sainsbury           Current external appointments: Fortune             Current external appointments: Uxin Limited
plc (NED); Oxford Nanopore Technologies plc          Brands Home & Security Inc. (Chair); Diageo plc    (NED); Yum China Holdings Inc. (NED).
(NED).                                               (Senior Independent Director); NHS England
                                                                                                        Previous experience: iKang Healthcare Group,
                                                     (Board Member).
Previous experience: Reckitt Benckiser Group                                                            (NED); Blue City Holdings Limited (NED).
plc (Executive Director); RELX plc (NED).            Previous experience: BHP plc (NED); L’Occitane
                                                     International (NED); Keurig Green Mountain
                                                     (NED); Coca-Cola HBC AG (NED); Goldman Sachs
                                                     International (NED); Shire plc (Chair); Mergers
                                                     and Acquisitions, EMEA – Credit Suisse (Chair).


 Committee membership key
         Chair                                         CR     Corporate Responsibility Committee
  AC     Audit Committee                               NC     Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
   CC    Compensation Committee
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                           73


                         Strive Masiyiwa                                       Youngme Moon                        Board ethnicity
                         Non-Executive                                         Non-Executive
                         Director                                              Director
                         Nationality                                           Nationality American                                8%
                                                                                                                                  Black
                         Zimbabwean                                            Age 57, Female
                         Age 61, Male                                          Appointed April 2016
                         Appointed April 2016                                    CR                                            31%             61%
                          CR                                                                                                  Asian            White

Current external appointments: Econet                Current external appointments: Mastercard
Group, privately held (Founder and Executive         Inc. (Board member); Sweetgreen Inc. (Board
Chairman); Econet Wireless Zimbabwe Ltd (NED);       member); Jand Inc. (Warby Parker) (Board
Netflix Inc. (NED); International Advisory Board     member); Harvard Business School (Professor).
of Bank of America (Board member); Stanford
                                                     Previous experience: Harvard Business School                  Based on ONS categorisation.
University Advisory Board (Board member);
                                                     (Chair and Senior Associate Dean for the MBA
National Geographic Society (Board member).
                                                     Program); Massachusetts Institute of Technology
                                                                                                                   Board gender diversity
Previous experience: Africa Against Ebola            (Professor); Avid Technology (NED); Rakuten Inc.
Solidarity Trust (Co-Founder and Chairman);          (NED).
Grow Africa (Co-Chairman); Nutrition
International (formerly known as Micronutrient
Initiative) (Chairman); Rockefeller Foundation
(Trustee).

                                                                                                                               54%              46%
                         John Rishton                                          Feike Sijbesma                                  Male            Female
                         Non-Executive                                         Non-Executive
                         Director                                              Director
                         Nationality British                                   Nationality Dutch
                         Age 64, Male                                          Age 62, Male
                         Appointed May 2013                                    Appointed
                          AC                                                   November 2014




                                                                                                                                                                        GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                 CR NC                             Board tenure

Current external appointments: Informa plc           Current external appointments: Royal Philips
(Chairman); Serco Group plc (Chairman); Majid        (Chairman); Royal DSM NV (Honorary Chairman);
al Futtaim Properties LLC (Board member).            De Nederlandsche Bank NV (Member of the
                                                                                                                              38%               31%
                                                     Supervisory Board); Trustees of the World
Previous experience: Rolls-Royce Holdings                                                                                   6-9 years         0-3 years
                                                     Economic Forum (Board member); Board of the
plc (CEO); Koninklijke Ahold NV (merged to
                                                     Global Center on Adaptation (Co-Chair); Advisor
Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV) (CEO, President
                                                     Africa Improved Foods.
and CFO); ICA (now ICA Gruppen AB) (NED);
Associated British Ports Holdings Ltd. (NED).        Previous experience: Royal DSM NV (Former                                              31%
                                                     CEO); Utrecht University (Supervisory Director);                                     3-6 years
                                                     Stichting Dutch Cancer Institute/Antoni van
                                                     Leeuwenhoek Hospital NKI/AVL (Supervisory
                                                     Director); CPLC WBG (Chair).

                                      Nils         Laura    Judith      Adrian        Andrea      Susan               Strive    Youngme        John       Feike
 Non-Executive Directors            Andersen        Cha    Hartmann     Hennah         Jung       Kilsby     Ruby Lu Masiyiwa     Moon        Rishton   Sijbesma
   Leadership of complex
   global entities
                                        ü                      ü           ü            ü          ü           ü        ü                         ü         ü
   Broad board experience               ü            ü         ü           ü            ü          ü           ü        ü             ü           ü         ü
   Geo-political exposure               ü            ü         ü           ü            ü          ü                    ü                         ü         ü

   Financial expertise                  ü            ü         ü           ü                       ü           ü        ü                         ü         ü

   FMCG/consumer insights               ü                      ü           ü            ü          ü                    ü             ü           ü         ü

   Emerging markets experience          ü            ü         ü           ü            ü          ü           ü        ü             ü                     ü

   Digital insights                                                                     ü                      ü

   Marketing and sales expertise        ü                                               ü                               ü                                   ü
   Investment banking and
   transaction expertise
                                                                                                   ü           ü
   Science, technology and
   innovation expertise
                                                                                                   ü           ü        ü                                   ü
   Purposeful business and
   sustainability experience
                                        ü                      ü                        ü          ü                    ü             ü                     ü
   HR and remuneration in
   international firms
                                        ü            ü         ü           ü            ü          ü           ü                                  ü         ü


   Attendance at Board Meetings
                                Planned     Adhoc                                      Planned      Adhoc                                       Planned     Adhoc
 Nils Andersen                      6/6        3/3   Andrea Jung                            6/6        3/3     Youngme Moon                           6/6       3/3
 Laura Cha                          6/6        3/3   Susan Kilsby                           6/6        3/3     Graeme Pitkethly                       6/6       3/3
 Judith Hartmann                    6/6        3/3   Ruby Lu                                1/1        N/A     John Rishton                           6/6       3/3
 Adrian Hennah                      1/1      N/A     Strive Masiyiwa                        6/6        3/3     Feike Sijbesma                         6/6       2/3
 Alan Jope                          6/6        3/3
74                                                                                                        Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Unilever Leadership Executive (ULE)
Our executive management team is responsible for the day-to-day running
of the business and the execution of our strategy.


The Board has delegated the operational running of the Unilever Group        The ULE is composed of the CEO, CFO and other senior executives who
to the CEO with the exception of the following matters which are reserved    assist the CEO in the discharge of the powers delegated to the CEO by the
for the Board, as more fully set out in the Governance of Unilever::         Board. Members of the ULE report to the CEO, and the CEO supervises
structural and constitutional matters, corporate governance, approval        and determines the roles, activities and responsibilities of the ULE. While
of dividends, approval and monitoring of overall strategy for the Unilever   ULE members (other than the CEO and the CFO) are not part of the Board
Group, approval of significant transactions or arrangements in relation to   decision-making process, to provide the Board with deeper insights, ULE
mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and pensions. The CEO is responsible   members often attend those parts of the Board meetings which relate
to the Board in relation to the operational running of the Group and other   to the operational running of the Group. The ULE currently consists of the
powers delegated to him by the Board. The CEO can delegate any of his        CEO, CFO and those listed below. As announced on 25 January 2022, there
powers and discretions, and he does so delegate to members of the ULE        will be some changes to the leadership team with effect from 1 April 2022.
(with power to sub-delegate).                                                These are indicated below.




For Alan Jope and Graeme Pitkethly, see page 72
ULE as at December 31 2021
*For ULE changes and new appointments, see page 75


                         Conny Braams                                        Reginaldo                                           Hanneke Faber*
                         Chief Digital &                                     Ecclissato*                                         President, Foods
                         Marketing Officer                                   Chief Business                                      & Refreshment
                         Nationality Dutch                                   Operations Officer                                  Nationality Dutch
                         Age 56, Female                                      Nationality Brazilian                               Age 52, Female
                         Appointed to ULE                                    Age 53, Male                                        Appointed to ULE
                         January 2020                                        Appointed to                                        January 2018
                         Joined Unilever 1990                                ULE January 2022                                    Joined Unilever 2018
                                                                             (replacing Marc
                                                                             Engel)
                                                                             Joined Unilever 1991

Current external appointments: Kröller-Müller      Previous Unilever posts include: EVP for Mexico,    Current external appointments: Tapestry
Museum (Advisory Board member); Rotterdam          Caribbean, and Central America; EVP Supply          Inc. (NED); FoodDrinkEurope (Board member);
School of Management, Erasmus University           Chain for North America and Latin America; VP       Leading Executives Advancing Diversity (LEAD)
(Advisory Board member).                           Supply Chain, Home Care for the Americas.           (Advisory Board member); Pepsi/Lipton JV (Board
                                                                                                       member).
Previous Unilever posts include: Unilever
Middle Europe (EVP); Unilever Benelux (Chair                                                           Previous posts include: Bayer AG (Supervisory
and EVP); Home Care Europe (EVP); Unilever                                                             Board member); Royal Ahold Delhaize (CEIO & EC
Food Solutions Asia, Africa and Middle East                                                            member); Royal Ahold (CCO & EC member); P&G
(EVP); various Unilever marketing and general                                                          (VP & GM).
management roles.
                                                                                                       Previous Unilever posts include: Europe
                                                                                                       (President).

                         Fabian Garcia*                                      Sunny Jain*                                         Sanjiv Mehta
                         President, North                                    President, Beauty &                                 President, Unilever,
                         America                                             Personal Care                                       South Asia and Chair
                                                                                                                                 and Managing
                         Nationality American                                Nationality Canadian
                                                                                                                                 Director, Hindustan
                         Age 62, Male                                        Age 46, Male
                                                                                                                                 Unilever
                         Appointed to ULE                                    Appointed to ULE
                         January 2020                                        June 2019                                           Nationality Indian
                         Joined Unilever 2019                                Joined Unilever 2019                                Age 61, Male
                                                                                                                                 Appointed to ULE
                                                                                                                                 May 2019
                                                                                                                                 Joined Unilever 1992

Current external appointments: Council of          Previous posts include: Amazon.com Inc.             Current external appointments: Board of
Foreign Relations in the US (member); Arrow        (Head of Core Consumables/FMCG Retail; VP           Indian School of Business (Director); Federation
Electronics (Board member).                        Consumables/FMCG Innovation); P&G US and            of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry
                                                   P&G Canada (various roles in New Business           (Senior Vice President); Breach Candy Hospital
Previous posts include: Revlon (President and      Creation, Marketing, Sales and Information          Trust (member); South Asia Advisory Board of
CEO); Colgate Palmolive (COO; President of the     Technology).                                        Harvard Business School (member); Xynteo’s
Asia/Pacific Division, EVP Latin America); P&G
                                                                                                       ‘India 2022’ (Chair); Advisory Network to the High
(President of Asia Pacific, General Manager of
                                                                                                       Level Panel for a Sustainable Ocean Economy
Venezuela).
                                                                                                       (Co-Chair).
                                                                                                       Previous Unilever posts include: Advisory
                                                                                                       Network to the High Level Panel for a
                                                                                                       Sustainable Ocean Economy (Co-Chair);
                                                                                                       Unilever North Africa and Middle East (Chair
                                                                                                       and CEO); Unilever Philippines Inc. (Chair and
                                                                                                       CEO); Unilever Bangladesh Limited (Chair and
                                                                                                       Managing Director).
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                             75




                          Leena Nair*                                         Nitin Paranjpe*                                    Richard Slater
                          Chief HR Officer                                    Chief Operating                                    Chief R&D Officer
                                                                              Officer
                          Nationality British                                                                                    Nationality British
                          Age 52, Female                                      Nationality Indian                                 Age 44, Male
                          Appointed to ULE                                    Age 58, Male                                       Appointed to ULE
                          March 2016                                          Appointed to ULE                                   April 2019
                          Joined Unilever 1992                                October 2013                                       Joined Unilever 2019
                          (left on 31 January                                 Joined Unilever 1987
                          2022)

Current external appointments: BT Plc (NED).        Current external appointments: Heineken N.V.       Previous posts include: GSK (Head of R&D,
                                                    (Member of the Supervisory Board).                 Consumer Healthcare); Reckitt Benckiser (Head
Previous Unilever posts include: HR Leadership
                                                                                                       of R&D, Consumer Healthcare); Reckitt Benckiser
and Organisational Development and Global           Previous Unilever posts include: Foods &
                                                                                                       (Global Group Director/VP R&D Personal Care;
Head of Diversity (SVP); Hindustan Unilever         Refreshment (President); Home Care (President);
                                                                                                       Global Director R&D Aircare, Analgesics and New
Limited (Executive Director HR); Hindustan Lever    Unilever South Asia (EVP) and Hindustan Unilever
                                                                                                       Brands); Boots Healthcare (various roles).
(various roles).                                    Limited (CEO); Home and Personal Care India
                                                    (EVP); Home Care India (VP); senior positions in
                                                    Laundry and Household Care.


                          Ritva Sotamaa*                                      Peter ter Kulve*           ULE gender diversity




                                                                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
                          Chief Legal Officer                                 President, Home Care
                          & Group Secretary
                                                                              Nationality Dutch
                          Nationality Finnish                                 Age 57, Male
                          Age 58, Female                                      Appointed to ULE                      31%
                          Appointed to ULE                                    May 2019
                                                                                                                  Female
                          February 2013                                       Joined Unilever 1988
                          Joined Unilever 2013                                                                                     69%
                                                                                                                                   Male
Current external appointments: Fiskars              Previous Unilever posts include: Unilever
Corporation (NED).                                  South East Asia & Australasia (President) and
                                                    Chief Digital Transformation & Growth Officer;
Previous posts include: Siemens AG – Siemens
                                                    EVP Corporate Transformation; Unilever Benelux
Healthcare (GC); General Electric Company –
                                                    (Chair and EVP); Unilever Ice Cream (Global Head
GE Healthcare (various positions including GE
                                                    & EVP); various Brand and Channel Management
Healthcare Systems (GC)); Instrumentarium
                                                    roles.                                             ULE ethnicity
Corporation (GC).


                                                                                                                      15%
   ULE changes and new appointments with the new                                                                      Other
                                                                                                                      ethnic
   Compass organisation                                                                                               group
   Matt Close                       Appointed as Business Group President Ice Cream
                                    (newly created role)                                                          31%              54%
                                                                                                                 Asian             White
   Reginaldo Ecclissato             Appointed as Chief Business Operations Officer
                                    (newly created role)
   Marc Engel                       Left role as Chief Supply Chain Officer
                                    (on 31 December 2021)
   Hanneke Faber                    Appointed as Business Group President Nutrition
                                    (newly created role)
                                                                                                         Based on ONS categorisation.
   Fernando Fernandez               Appointed as Business Group President Beauty and                     Other Ethnic Group include:
                                    Wellbeing (newly created role)                                       1 ULE member identified as Hispanic
                                                                                                         1 ULE identified as White/Latin
   Fabian Garcia                    Appointed as Business Group President Personal Care
                                    (newly created role)
   Sunny Jain                       Leaving role as President, Beauty & Personal Care
                                    (will leave Unilever on 1 April 2022)
   Leena Nair                       Left role as Chief HR Officer
                                    (on 31 January 2022)
   Nitin Paranjpe                   Appointed as Chief Transformation Officer & Chief People
                                    Officer (newly created role)
   Ritva Sotamaa                    Leaving role as Chief Legal Officer and Group Secretary
                                    (will leave Unilever on 1 April 2022)
   Peter ter Kulve                  Appointed as Business Group President Home Care
                                    (newly created role)
   Maria Varsellona                 Appointed as Chief Legal Officer & Group Secretary
                                    (replacing Ritva Sotamaa from 1 April 2022)
    76                                                                                                        Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Corporate Governance continued




Our shares                                                                       Our shareholders
Share capital                                                                    Significant shareholders of PLC
PLC’s issued share capital on 31 December 2021 was made up of                    As far as Unilever is aware, the only holder of more than 3% of,
£81,798,695 split into 2,629,243,772 ordinary shares of 31/9p each and           or 3% of voting rights attributable to, PLC’s ordinary share capital
each carrying one vote. A total of 62,976,145 PLC ordinary shares were           (‘Disclosable Interests’) on 31 December 2021, was BlackRock, Inc. with
held in treasury as at 31 December 2021.                                         a shareholding of 8.3% and voting interest of 8.5%.
                                                                                 As far as Unilever is aware, no new Disclosable Interests have been
Listings                                                                         notified to PLC between 1 January 2022 and 24 February 2022 (the latest
                                                                                 practicable date for inclusion in this report). Between 1 January 2019 and
PLC has ordinary shares listed on the London Stock Exchange (ULVR), on           24 February 2022, (i) BlackRock, Inc., and (ii) the aggregated holdings of
Euronext Amsterdam (UNA) and, as American Depositary Receipts* (UL),             the trustees of the Leverhulme Trust and the Leverhulme Trade Charities
on the New York Stock Exchange.                                                  Trust, have held more than 3% of, or 3% of voting rights attributable to,
*        One American Depositary Receipt represents one                          PLC’s ordinary shares.
         PLC ordinary share with a nominal value of 31/9p.

Share issues and purchase of shares                                              Shareholder engagement
At the 2021 PLC AGM held on 5 May 2021, the PLC Directors were
                                                                                 We value open and effective communication with our shareholders.
authorised to:
• issue new shares, up to a maximum of £27,212,500 nominal value                 The CFO has lead responsibility for shareholder engagement, with
  (which at the time represented approximately 33% of PLC’s issued               the active involvement of the CEO and supported by the Investor
  ordinary share capital);                                                       Relations department.
• disapply pre-emption rights up to a maximum of £4,086,711 nominal              In 2021, meetings were held with institutional shareholders based across
  value (which at the time represented approximately 5% of PLC’s                 the world. Members of the ULE and Investor Relations team also met a
  issued ordinary share capital) for general corporate purposes and an           large number of investors at industry conferences. In October 2021, the
  additional 5% authority in connection with an acquisition or specified         Chair and the Chairs of the Board committees met with investors in order
  capital investment; and                                                        to further establish the relationship between the Directors and our largest
• make market purchases of its ordinary shares, up to a maximum of               investors and to cement the understanding on how the Board and its
  262,811,000 ordinary shares (which at the time represented just under          Committees operate. During this event, the Chair and Committee Chairs
  10% of PLC’s issued ordinary share capital) and within the price limits        each presented before concluding with a Q&A session.
  prescribed in the resolution.
                                                                                 The Chair of the Compensation Committee also extensively engaged
PLC conducted a share buyback programme during 2021 with an                      with and sought feedback from investors in relation to our new Directors’
aggregate market value of approximately €3 billion, pursuant to which            Remuneration Policy, which was renewed at the 2021 PLC AGM. Further
PLC bought back 62,976,145 PLC ordinary shares of 31/9 p each in two             details can be found on page 84 of the Directors’ Remuneration Report.
tranches. The purpose of the share buyback programme was to reduce the           This new Policy was approved at the 2021 AGM with over 93% of votes in
capital of PLC and the total consideration paid for the repurchased shares       favour of the Policy.
(excluding transaction costs) was €2,999,999,879. The 62,976,145 PLC
ordinary shares that have been repurchased were held in treasury as at 31        On an ongoing basis, the Board is briefed on investor reactions to the
December 2021, representing 2.4% of PLC’s issued share capital. Outside          Unilever Group’s quarterly results announcements and on any issues
of this share buyback programme, no other company within the Unilever            raised by shareholders that are relevant to their responsibilities.
Group purchased any PLC ordinary shares or American Depositary Shares            We maintain a frequent dialogue with our principal institutional
during 2021.                                                                     shareholders and regularly collect feedback. Private shareholders are
At the 2021 AGM, the Directors were also authorised to reduce the share          encouraged to give feedback via shareholder.services@unilever.com. Our
premium account of the Company by £18,400,000,000. Immediately prior to          shareholders are also welcome to raise any issues directly with the Chair
Unification becoming effective, Unilever N.V. had distributable reserves of      or the SID, and the Chair, Executive Directors and Chairs of the Committees
some €20.6bn (£18.4bn at the prevailing exchange rate). Upon Unification         are also generally available to answer questions from the shareholders at
becoming effective, these distributable reserves of Unilever N.V. could not      the AGM each year. More information on shareholder engagement can be
be legally recognised as realised profits (or distributable reserves) of PLC.    found on page 76.
Accordingly, the purpose of the reduction in PLC’s share premium account         www.unilever.com/investor-relations
was effectively to reinstate the distributable reserves of Unilever N.V. prior
to Unification in PLC’s accounts, so that PLC’s distributable reserves were
equivalent to those available prior to Unification. The share premium            General meetings
account reduction was approved by the court and became effective on
15 June 2021.                                                                    At the AGM, the Chair gives his thoughts on governance aspects of the
                                                                                 preceding year and the CEO gives a detailed review of the performance of
                                                                                 the Unilever Group over the last year. In the ordinary course, shareholders
Trust Office                                                                     are encouraged to attend the meeting and to ask questions at or in
                                                                                 advance of the meeting. Indeed, the question and answer session forms an
The Trust Office of Unilever N.V. operated a depositary receipts system          important part of each meeting. The external auditors are welcomed to the
whereby shareholders in Unilever N.V. could alternatively have their             AGM and are entitled to address the meeting on any part of the business
shares held and managed by the Trust Office. Following Unification, the          of the meeting which concerns them as auditors.
Trust Office was dissolved on 19 January 2022. The ordinary shares in PLC
held by the Trust Office have been sold and the proceeds transferred into        As a result of the Covid-19 pandemic and the UK government’s restrictions
consignment (in consignatie) in the deposit fund (consignatiekas) at the         on gatherings, the 2021 PLC AGM was held as a closed meeting and
Dutch Ministry of Finance.                                                       shareholders were unable to attend the meeting in person. However,
                                                                                 recognising that the AGM also serves as a forum for shareholders to
                                                                                 engage with Directors, following the conclusion of the PLC AGM, a live
                                                                                 shareholder webcast was held on Unilever’s corporate website with
                                                                                 statements by the Chair and CEO. The Senior Independent Director and all
                                                                                 Committee Chairs were also present and following the statements from
                                                                                 the Chair and CEO, the questions submitted by shareholders prior to the
                                                                                 webcast and received during the webcast were responded to.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                    77




Shareholders of PLC may propose resolutions if they individually or             Employee Involvement and Communication: Unilever’s UK companies
together hold shares representing at least 5% of the total voting rights of     maintain formal processes to inform, consult and involve employees
PLC, or 100 shareholders who hold on average £100 each in nominal value         and their representatives. A National Consultative Forum comprising
of PLC share capital can require PLC to propose a resolution at a General       employees and management representatives from key locations meets
Meeting. PLC shareholders holding in aggregate 5% of the issued PLC             regularly to discuss issues relating to Unilever sites in the UK. We recognise
ordinary shares are able to convene a General Meeting of PLC.                   collective bargaining on a number of sites and engage with employees via
                                                                                the Sourcing Unit Forum, which includes national officer representation
Information on the 2022 PLC AGM can be found within the PLC AGM Notice
                                                                                from the three recognised trade unions. A European Works Council,
which will be published in March 2022.
                                                                                embracing employee and management representatives from countries
                                                                                within Europe, has been in existence for several years and provides a forum
                                                                                for discussing issues that extend across national boundaries. Further
Required majorities
                                                                                details on how the Board has engaged with the workforce can be found on
Resolutions are usually adopted at PLC General Meetings by an absolute          pages 69 and 70.
majority of votes cast, unless there are other requirements under
                                                                                Equal Opportunities and Diversity: Consistent with our Code of Business
the applicable laws or PLC’s Articles. For example, there are special
                                                                                Principles, Unilever aims to ensure that applications for employment from
requirements for resolutions relating to the alteration of the Articles of
                                                                                everyone are given full and fair consideration and that everyone is given
Association and the liquidation of PLC.
                                                                                access to training, development and career opportunities. Every effort
A proposal to alter the Articles of PLC can be made either by the PLC Board     is made to reskill and support employees who become disabled while
or by requisition of shareholders in accordance with the UK Companies           working within the Group.
Act 2006. Unless expressly specified to the contrary in PLC’s Articles, PLC’s
Articles may be amended by a special resolution. The Articles of PLC can be
found on our website.                                                           The United States
www.unilever.com/investor-relations/agm-and-corporate-governance/               PLC is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). As such, PLC must
our-corporate-governance                                                        comply with the requirements of US legislation, regulations enacted
                                                                                under US securities laws and the Listing Standards of the NYSE, that are
                                                                                applicable to foreign private issuers, copies of which are available on
                                                                                their websites.
Right to hold and transfer shares




                                                                                                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                We are substantially compliant with the Listing Standards of the NYSE
Unilever’s constitutional documents place no limitations on the right to        applicable to foreign private issuers except as set out below.
hold or transfer PLC ordinary shares. There are no limitations on the right
to hold or exercise voting rights on the ordinary shares of PLC imposed by      We are required to disclose any significant ways in which our corporate
English law.                                                                    governance practices differ from those typically followed by US companies
                                                                                listed on the NYSE. Our corporate governance practices are primarily
                                                                                based on the requirements of the UK Listing Rules and the UK Corporate

Corporate governance
                                                                                Governance Code but substantially conform to those required of US
                                                                                companies listed on the NYSE. The only significant way in which our

compliance
                                                                                corporate governance practices differ from those followed by domestic
                                                                                companies under Section 303A Corporate Governance Standards of
                                                                                the NYSE is that the NYSE rules require that shareholders must be given
We conduct our operations in accordance with internationally accepted
                                                                                the opportunity to vote on all equity-compensation plans and material
principles of good governance and best practice, while ensuring
                                                                                revisions thereto, with certain limited exemptions. The UK Listing Rules
compliance with the corporate governance requirements applicable in the
                                                                                require shareholder approval of equity compensation plans only if new or
countries in which we operate. Unilever is subject to corporate governance
                                                                                treasury shares are issued for the purpose of satisfying obligations under
requirements (legislation, codes and/or standards) in the UK and the US
                                                                                the plan or if the plan is a long-term incentive plan in which a director may
and in this section, we report on our compliance against these.
                                                                                participate. Amendments to plans approved by shareholders generally
                                                                                only require approval if they are to the advantage of the plan participants.
The United Kingdom                                                              Attention is drawn to the Report of the Audit Committee on pages 78 to 79.
                                                                                In addition, further details about our corporate governance are provided
In 2021, PLC has applied the Principles and complied with the Provisions of
                                                                                in the document entitled ‘The Governance of Unilever’ which can be found
the UK Corporate Governance Code. Further information on how Unilever
                                                                                on our website.
has applied the five overarching categories of Principles can be found on
the following pages – (i) Board Leadership and Company Purpose: pages 8         All senior executives and senior financial officers have declared their
and 68 to 71; (ii) Division of Responsibilities: pages 68 to 69 and 78 to 83;   understanding of and compliance with Unilever’s Code of Business
(iii) Composition, Succession and Evaluation: pages 82 and 83; (iv) Audit,      Principles and the related Code Policies. No waiver from any provision of
Risk and Internal Control: pages 78 to 79; and (v) Remuneration: pages 84       the Code of Business Principles or Code Policies was granted in 2021 to
to 104. The UK Code is available on the Financial Reporting Council’s (FRC)     any of the persons falling within the scope of the SEC requirements. The
website.                                                                        Code of Business Principles and related Code Policies are published on
                                                                                our website.
Risk Management and Control: Our approach to risk management and
systems of internal control is in line with the recommendations in the FRC’s    Risk Management and Control: Following a review by the Disclosure
revised guidance ‘Risk management, internal control and related financial       Committee, Audit Committee and Board, the CEO and the CFO concluded
and business reporting’ (the Risk Guidance). It is Unilever’s practice to       that the design and operation of the Unilever Group’s disclosure controls
review acquired companies’ governance procedures and to align them to           and procedures, including those defined in the US Securities Exchange Act
the Unilever Group’s governance procedures as soon as is practicable.           of 1934 – Rule 13a – 15(e), as at 31 December 2021were effective.
Under the UK Companies Act 2006 and rules of the US Securities and              Unilever is required by Section 404 of the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to
Exchange Commission, Unilever is required to provide information on             report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting.
contracts and other arrangements essential or material to the business          This requirement is reported on within the section entitled ‘Management’s
of the Unilever Group. We believe we do not have any such contracts             Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting’ on page 197.
or arrangements.                                                                www.unilever.com/corporategovernance
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions: Information on GHG emissions can be
found on pages 55 and 64.
78                                                                                                         Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Report of the Audit
Committee

Committee members and attendance                                              How the Committee has discharged its
                                                      Attendance
                                                                              responsibilities
 John Rishton Chair                                           7/7             During the year, the Committee’s principal activities were as follows:

 Judith Hartmann                                              7/7
 Adrian Hennah                                                1/1
                                                                              Financial Statements
 (member since 1 November 2021)                                               The Committee reviewed prior to publication the quarterly financial press
                                                                              releases together with the associated internal quarterly reports from the
 Susan Kilsby                                                 7/7
                                                                              Chief Financial Officer and the Disclosure Committee and, with respect
                                                                              to the full-year results, the external auditor’s report. It also reviewed
This table shows the membership of the Committee together with their          the Annual Report and Accounts and the Annual Report on Form 20-F
attendance at meetings during 2021. Attendance is expressed as the            2021. These reviews incorporated the accounting policies and significant
number of meetings attended out of the number eligible to be attended.        judgements and estimates underpinning the financial statements as
                                                                              disclosed within note 1 on pages 118 to 119. Particular attention was paid
The Audit Committee is comprised only of independent Non-Executive
                                                                              to the following significant matters in relation to the financial statements:
Directors with a minimum requirement of three such members. It is chaired
                                                                              ▪ indirect tax provisions and contingent liabilities, refer to notes 19 and
by John Rishton and the other current members are Judith Hartmann,
                                                                                 20 on pages 159 to 161;
Susan Kilsby and Adrian Hennah. Adrian joined the Board and the Audit
                                                                              ▪ revenue recognition – including discounts and incentives;
Committee on 1 November 2021. For the purposes of the US Sarbanes-
                                                                              ▪ accounting treatment of assets held for sale (e.g. ekaterra).
Oxley Act of 2002, John Rishton is the Audit Committee’s financial expert.
                                                                              These matters were also highlighted by our external auditors as being
The Board is satisfied that the members of the Audit Committee are
                                                                              important in their audit.
competent in financial matters and have recent and relevant experience.
Other attendees at Committee meetings were the Chief Financial Officer,       For each of the above areas, the Committee considered the key facts
Chief Auditor, EVP Financial Control and Risk Management, Chief Legal         and judgements outlined by management. Members of management
Officer, Group Secretary, EVP Sustainable Business Performance and            attended the section of the meeting of the Committee where their item
Reporting and the external auditors. Throughout the year, the Committee       was discussed to answer any questions or challenges posed by the
members periodically met without others present and also held separate        Committee. The matters were also discussed with the external auditors
private sessions with the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Auditor and the      and further information can be found on pages 107 to 113. The Committee
external auditors, allowing the Committee to discuss issues in more detail.   specifically discussed with the external auditor how management’s
                                                                              judgement and assertions were challenged and how professional
The majority of the meetings have been held virtually, while the last
                                                                              scepticism was demonstrated during their audit of these areas; this
meeting in the year was held as a hybrid meeting adopting similar ways of
                                                                              included the disclosures for each matter noted above. The Committee is
working as the rest of the business.
                                                                              satisfied that there are relevant accounting policies in place in relation to
                                                                              these significant matters and management have correctly applied these
                                                                              policies.
Role of the Committee
                                                                              In addition to the matters noted above, our external auditors, as required
The role and responsibilities of the Audit Committee are set out in written   by auditing standards, also consider the risk of management override of
terms of reference which are reviewed annually by the Committee, taking       controls. Nothing has come to our attention or their attention to suggest
into account relevant legislation and recommended good practice. The          any material misstatement with respect to suspected or actual fraud
terms of reference are contained within ‘The Governance of Unilever’ which    relating to management override of controls.
is available on our website at
                                                                              At the request of the Board, the Committee undertook to:
www.unilever.com/investors/corporate-governance                               ▪ review the appropriateness of adopting the going concern
                                                                                basis of accounting in preparing the annual and half-yearly
The Committee’s responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the           financial statements;
following matters:                                                            ▪ assess whether the business was viable in accordance with the
▪ oversight of the integrity of Unilever’s financial statements;                requirement of the UK Corporate Governance Code. The assessment
▪ review of Unilever’s half-yearly and annual financial statements              included a review of the principal and emerging risks facing
  (including clarity and completeness of disclosure) and approval of            Unilever, their potential impact, how they were being managed,
  the quarterly trading statements for quarter 1 and quarter 3;                 together with a discussion as to the appropriate period for the
▪ oversight of risk management and internal control arrangements;               assessment. The Committee recommended to the Board that there
▪ oversight of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;               is a reasonable expectation that the Group will be able to continue
▪ oversight of the external auditors’ performance, objectivity,                 in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three-
  qualifications and independence; the approval process of non-audit            year period (consistent with the period of the strategic plan) of the
                                                                                assessment; and
  services; recommendation to the Board of the nomination of the
                                                                              ▪ consider whether the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021
  external auditors for shareholder approval; and approval of their
                                                                                was fair, balanced and understandable, and whether it provided
  fees, refer to note 25 on page 165; and
                                                                                the necessary information for shareholders to assess the Group’s
▪ performance of the internal audit function.
                                                                                year-end position and performance, business model and strategy. To
All relevant matters arising are brought to the attention of the Board.         make this assessment, the committee received copies of the annual
In order to help the Committee meet its oversight responsibilities, each        report and financial statements to review during the drafting process
year management organise knowledge sessions for the Committee                   to ensure that the key messages being followed in the annual report
on subject areas within its remit. In 2021, sessions were held with             were aligned with the company’s position, performance and strategy.
management on cyber security, data privacy, major transformation                The Committee also reviewed the processes and controls that are
projects and the management of third parties, particularly service              the basis for its preparation. The Committee was satisfied that, taken
providers and the increased dependency on those. The Committee also             as a whole, the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021 is fair,
had presentations from management and discussions on the business's             balanced and understandable.
risk management activities, the preparation of the financial statements,
the overall control environment, and the operation of the financial           Risk management and internal control arrangements
reporting controls.                                                           The Committee reviewed Unilever’s overall approach to risk
                                                                              management and control, and its processes, outcomes and disclosure.
                                                                              The assessment was undertaken through a review of:
                                                                              ▪ the yearly report detailing the risk identification and assessment
                                                                                process, together with any emerging risks identified by management;
                                                                              ▪ reports from senior management on those 2021 corporate risks for
    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                79




     which the Audit Committee had oversight responsibility: treasury, tax       2021 AGM. On the recommendation of the Committee, the Directors will be
     and pensions, information security, legal and regulatory compliance,        proposing the reappointment of KPMG at the AGM in May 2022.
     and business transformation;
                                                                                 The Committee confirms that the Group is in compliance with The Statutory
▪    the proposed 2022 corporate risks identified by the ULE;
                                                                                 Audit Services for Large Companies Market Investigation (Mandatory Use
▪    the Quarterly Risk and Control Status Reports, including Code of
                                                                                 of Competitive Tender Processes and Audit Committee Responsibilities)
     Business Principles cases relating to frauds and financial crimes;
                                                                                 Order 2014, which requires Unilever to tender the audit every ten years.
▪    a summary of control deficiencies identified through controls testing
                                                                                 The last tender for the audit of the Annual Report and Accounts was
     activities together with action plans to address underlying causes;
                                                                                 performed in 2013 with respect to the audit for the financial year 2014. The
▪    management’s improvements to reporting through further
                                                                                 Committee has commenced planning for a tender process during 2022
     automation and centralisation; and
                                                                                 with respect to the audit for the financial year 2024. This would allow time
▪    the annual financial plan and Unilever’s dividend policy and dividend
                                                                                 for the transition of non-audit services ahead of any change in auditor that
     proposals.
                                                                                 may be made. At present, we are satisfied with the effectiveness of our
The Committee reviewed the application of the requirements under                 current auditors and hence have no plans to retender the external auditor
Section 404 of the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 with respect to internal        appointment for an earlier period. This position is re-evaluated each year.
controls over financial reporting.
                                                                                 Both Unilever and KPMG have safeguards in place to avoid the possibility
In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in relation to risk management      that the external auditors’ objectivity and independence could be
and internal control, the Committee met regularly with senior members of         compromised, such as audit partner rotation and the restriction on non-
management and is satisfied with the key judgements taken.                       audit services that the external auditors can perform as described below.
                                                                                 KPMG has issued a formal letter to the Committee outlining the general
The Committee has completed its review for 2021 on both risk management
                                                                                 procedures to safeguard independence and objectivity, disclosing the
and internal control and was satisfied that the process had worked effectively
                                                                                 relationship with the Company and confirming their audit independence.
and where specific areas for improvement were identified, there was
                                                                                 During 2021, as part of routine partner rotation, Jonathan Mills of KPMG
adequate mitigation or alternative controls and that processes were under
                                                                                 replaced Nicholas Frost as lead audit partner.
way to ensure sustainable improvements. The key area of focus has been to
ensure that the controls impacted by the transformation programmes are           Each year, the Committee assesses the effectiveness of the external audit
appropriately designed and are being implemented effectively. Through            process which includes discussing feedback from the members of the
its review, it also ensured that appropriate procedures are in place for the     Committee and stakeholders at all levels across Unilever. Interviews are
detection and prevention of fraud.                                               also held with key senior management within both Unilever and KPMG.




                                                                                                                                                                  GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                 During the year, KPMG presented to the Committee the key findings from
During 2021, the Committee continued to review the sustainability
                                                                                 the review of their 2019 audit files by the FRC’s Audit Quality Review (AQR)
assurance provided by PwC and plan for the assurance on non-financial
                                                                                 team. KPMG confirmed that they had acknowledged the AQR comments
Compass metrics going forward.
                                                                                 and had addressed all of them in the 2020 audit through a combination of
The Committee is monitoring and taking a proactive approach in                   additional procedures and improved documentation.
anticipating and preparing for legislative or regulatory changes which
                                                                                 The Committee also reviewed the statutory audit, other audit and
may be required following the outcome of the Department for Business,
                                                                                 non-audit services provided by KPMG and compliance with Unilever’s
Energy & Industrial Strategy (BEIS) consultation paper. As part of this, the     documented approach, which prescribes in detail the types of
Committee reviewed the formal response of the company into the BEIS              engagements, listed below, for which the external auditors can be used:
consultation process mid-year 2021.                                              ▪ statutory audit services, including audit of subsidiaries;
                                                                                 ▪ other audit services - audits that are not required by law or
Internal audit function                                                            regulation; and
The Committee reviewed internal audit’s plan for the year which is focused       ▪ non-audit services - work that our external auditors are best placed
on Unilever’s corporate risks, and ensured the necessary resources are             to undertake, which may include:
in place to perform effectively. The pandemic has impacted the way the             ▪ services required by law or regulation to be performed by the audit
audits have been completed since April 2020. The audits were mainly                   firm; and
conducted remotely and there has been more focus on data analysis                  ▪ services where knowledge obtained during the audit is relevant to
and the use of remote video technology. Data and analytics has made                   the service such as bond issue comfort letters.
the internal audits more efficient and effective, increasing the coverage.       Unilever has for many years maintained a policy which prescribes in detail the
The Committee reviewed interim and year-end summary reports and                  types of engagements for which the external auditors can be used with all
management’s response together with the completion status of agreed              other engagements being prohibited. The policy is aligned with both UK and
actions.                                                                         SEC regulations and is updated in line with these regulations.
Every five years, the Committee engages an independent third party to            All engagements over €250,000 require specific advance approval by the Audit
perform an effectiveness review of the function. This was last completed         Committee Chair. The Committee further approve all engagements which
in 2018 and is planned for 2022. In 2021, the Committee evaluated the            have been authorised by the EVP Financial Control and Risk Management.
performance of the internal audit function through a questionnaire.              These authorities are reviewed regularly and, where necessary, updated in the
The feedback was reviewed, and the Committee was satisfied with the              light of internal and external developments. Since the appointment of KPMG
effectiveness of the internal audit function. During the year, the Committee     in 2014, the level of non-audit fees has been below 7% of the annual statutory
also met independently with the Chief Auditor and discussed the results of the   audit fee. The level of other audit fees has been below 6% of the annual
audits performed and any additional insights obtained from the Chief Auditor.    statutory audit fee except for 2017 (41%), 2018 (24%), 2020 (32%) and 2021
                                                                                 (21%) due to assurance work relating to the disposal of our Spreads business
Audit of the annual accounts                                                     (2017 and 2018) and assurance work relating to the separation of our Tea
KPMG, Unilever’s external auditors and independent registered public             business (2020 and 2021).
accounting firm, reported in depth to the Committee on the scope and
outcome of the annual audit, including their audit of internal controls over
financial reporting as required by Section 404 of the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act      Evaluation of the Audit Committee
of 2002. Their reports included audit and accounting matters, governance
and control, and accounting developments.                                        As part of the internal Board evaluation carried out in 2021, the Board
                                                                                 evaluated the performance of the Committee. The Committee also carried
The Committee held independent meetings with the external auditors               out a self assessment. While overall the members concluded that the
during the year and reviewed, agreed, discussed, and challenged their            Committee is performing effectively, they agreed to ensure continued
audit plan, including the materiality applied, scope and assessment of the       engagement with the Group’s operations by organising (virtual) site visits
financial reporting risk profile of the Group.                                   and to allocate time to transformation projects.
The Committee discussed the views and conclusions of KPMG regarding
management’s treatment of significant transactions and areas of
judgement during the year. The Committee considered these and is
satisfied with the treatment in the financial statements.                        John Rishton
                                                                                 Chair of the Audit Committee
External auditors                                                                Judith Hartmann
KPMG have been the Group’s auditors since 2014 and shareholders
                                                                                 Adrian Hennah
approved their reappointment as the Group’s external auditors at the
                                                                                 Susan Kilsby
80                                                                                                             Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Report of the Corporate
Responsibility Committee

Committee members and attendance                                                How the Committee has discharged its
                                                                                responsibilities
                                                       Attendance
                                                                                In 2021, the Committee's principal activities were as follows:
 Strive Masiyiwa Chair                                        3/4
 Youngme Moon                                                 4/4
                                                                                Code of Business Principles
 Feike Sijbesma                                               4/4
                                                                                The Code and associated Code Policies set out the standards of conduct
                                                                                expected of all Unilever employees in their business endeavours.
This table shows the membership of the Committee together with their
                                                                                Compliance with these is an essential element in ensuring Unilever’s
attendance at meetings during 2021. Attendance is expressed as the
                                                                                continued business success and is identified as an ethical, legal and
number of meetings attended out of the number eligible to be attended.
                                                                                regulatory risk to Unilever (see page 50).
The Corporate Responsibility Committee comprises three Non-Executive            The Corporate Responsibility Committee is responsible for oversight of
Directors: Strive Masiyiwa (Chair), Youngme Moon and Feike Sijbesma.            the Code and Code Policies, ensuring that they remain fit for purpose and
The Chief Supply Chain Officer, the Chief Sustainability Officer and            are appropriately applied. It maintains close scrutiny of the mechanisms
the Chief Business Integrity Officer attend the Committee’s meetings.           for implementing the Code and Code Policies. This is vital as compliance
The Chief Legal Officer and Group Secretary may also join the                   is essential to promote and protect Unilever’s values and standards, and
Committee’s discussions.                                                        hence the good reputation of the Group.
                                                                                At each meeting, the Committee reviews an analysis of investigations into
                                                                                non-compliance with the Code and Code Policies and discusses any trends
Role of the Committee                                                           arising from these investigations.
The Corporate Responsibility Committee oversees Unilever’s conduct              The Committee also considers litigation and regulatory matters which
as a responsible global business. Core to this remit is its governance of       may have a reputational impact and reviews a summary of any significant
progress on Unilever’s sustainability agenda, as set out in the company’s       developments at each meeting. These matters include environmental
integrated business strategy, the Unilever Compass (see pages 8 to 11).         issues, anti-bribery and corruption and competition law compliance.
Core to this remit is reviewing sustainability-related risks, developments
                                                                                In 2021, human rights was a focus for the Committee's Code oversight.
and opportunities.
                                                                                The Committee was updated on and discussed a summary of the
The Committee is also charged with ensuring that Unilever’s reputation is       legislation enacted and/or proposed in the UK, EU and US in relation to
protected and enhanced, so it must consider the company’s influence and         supply chain transparency and mandatory due diligence. This deep dive
impact on stakeholders. Central to this is the need to identify any external    included the deforestation related proposals in all three jurisdictions,
developments that are likely to have an influence on Unilever’s standing        and the German and broader EU proposals on Corporate Sustainability
in society, and to ensure that appropriate and effective communication          Reporting, mandatory human rights and environmental due diligence
policies are in place to support the company’s reputation. This remit also      and governance risks. Although it was acknowledged that much of the
extends to overseeing Unilever’s Code of Business Principles and third-         proposed legislation was still to be passed and uncertainties existed in the
party compliance, ensuring that both Unilever’s direct employees and            final requirements and related implications, it was concluded that Unilever
those working within the company’s value chain comply with the expected         is well placed to meet any new requirements through its commitment and
standards of conduct.                                                           work previously under Unilever's Sustainable Living Plan and currently,
                                                                                the Compass. A number of actions are underway to put Unilever in a
The Committee’s discussions are informed by the experience of the
                                                                                position to comply with any new requirements including the establishment
Unilever Leadership Executive – as those accountable for driving
                                                                                of a cross-functional workshop to define the implementation roadmap.
responsible and sustainable growth through Unilever’s operations, value
                                                                                The Committee also reviewed Unilever's Modern Slavery Statement and
chain and brands. Other senior leaders are invited to the Committee
                                                                                Human Rights Report, before the Statement was put to the Board and
to share their perspectives and insights on key issues and external
                                                                                published.
developments. These in-depth discussions ensure the Committee stays
alert to current and emerging trends and any potential risks arising from       It also reviewed the EU’s Whistleblower Protection Directive, concluding
sustainability issues. The Committee captures these insights for the Board      that the impact on the company would be minimal given Unilever’s
through formal feedback and the ongoing sharing of knowledge.                   already comprehensive standards in this area.
Complementing the Committee’s role, the Audit Committee is responsible
for reviewing significant breaches of the Code of Business Principles as part
                                                                                Principles and standards for third parties
of its remit to review risk management and for overseeing the independent
assurance programme of Unilever’s sustainability commitments within the         Extending Unilever’s values to third parties is essential if Unilever is
Unilever Compass.                                                               to generate responsible growth and a positive social impact on the
                                                                                industry.
The Committee’s terms of reference are set out at:
                                                                                A lack of third-party compliance can pose a significant risk to the business,
www.unilever.com/corporategovernance
                                                                                (see principal risks, page 50), so the Committee examines Unilever’s
                                                                                compliance programmes in detail to ensure risks are minimised.
Meetings are held quarterly and ad hoc as required – four were held in
2021. The Committee Chair is responsible for reporting the findings from        At each meeting, the Committee tracks compliance with Unilever’s
the meetings to the Board, thus ensuring that the Board can fulfil its          Responsible Sourcing Policy (RSP) for suppliers and its Responsible
oversight responsibilities.                                                     Business Partner Policy (RBPP) for customers and distributors. Together they
                                                                                set out Unilever’s requirements that third parties conduct business with
Following the Committee’s terms of reference and Unilever’s principal           integrity and respect for human rights and core labour principles. In 2021,
risks, in 2021 the Committee’s agenda covered the new sustainability            the Committee scrutinised Unilever’s roll-out of the RSP First programme
commitments of the Unilever Compass strategy and in addition the Code           that ensures that no new supplier can be onboarded to Unilever’s systems
and third-party compliance, safety, plastic packaging, setting the new          without first formally agreeing to the requirements of the RSP.
Sustainability Progress Index (SPI) KPIs aligned with the Unilever Compass,
corporate reputation and litigation.
During the year, the Committee also addressed a range of other strategic        Safety and security
and current issues, including occupational health and human rights. How         The need to keep people safe remained a priority in the face of Covid-19.
Unilever handled the Covid-19 pandemic remained topical.                        Due to the pandemic, in 2021 mental health continued as a focus for the
                                                                                Committee’s oversight of employee wellbeing.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                    81




Unilever’s approach centred on ensuring business continuity and ensuring         The Committee also reviewed the impact on Unilever of the decision made
people were physically equipped and felt psychologically secure in the           by the independent Board of Ben & Jerry’s about sales in the West Bank,
workplace or when working from home. Unilever has long-standing                  which attracted media and political attention. The Committee noted that
employee assistance programmes, which are accessible to all employees.           Unilever has a strong and long-standing commitment to its business in
                                                                                 Israel, and has been clear that it does not support the Boycott, Divestment,
In 2021, programmes were expanded to include tools to help line
                                                                                 Sanctions (BDS) movement.
managers to support team wellbeing, dedicated support for families
of bereaved employees and the continuation of the Mental Health
Champions Network. The Committee commended the newly created
                                                                                 Performance Share Plan
dashboard tracking Unilever’s occupational health ambitions and the
level of the company’s attention on employee health and wellbeing.               Unilever’s Reward Framework includes the Performance Share Plan (PSP),
                                                                                 a long-term incentive plan that is linked to financial performance, as well
The Committee has continued to receive an ongoing update of Unilever’s
                                                                                 as performance against sustainability targets, defined in the Sustainability
Covid preparations and actions across its business and supply chain.
                                                                                 Progress Index (SPI).
The Committee continued to review Unilever's safety standards and
                                                                                 SPI was based on a selection of key performance indicators (KPIs) from our
Unilever continues to protect people from accidents. Sadly three
                                                                                 Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) which ran until 2020, reflected in
contractors and four employees lost their lives (see page 18), but the Total
                                                                                 the PSP up to and including the 2021 award.
Recordable Frequency Rate (TRFR) improved.
                                                                                 In 2021, Unilever introduced the Compass, which includes a series of
The Committee also examined Unilever’s approach to security. As a global
                                                                                 sustainability commitments for the business, and as such, we have
business, Unilever operates in many countries, some of which suffer from
                                                                                 updated the SPI incentive performance measure to reflect the Compass
a weak rule of law or from growing social and political unrest. Similarly,
                                                                                 from the 2022 PSP award onwards.
cyber threats continue to expand. The business continues to upgrade its
resilience programmes to protect its people and assets.                          The role of the Committee in 2021 with regards to SPI was therefore two-
                                                                                 fold: 1) assessment of Unilever’s 2020 SPI performance for 2021 reward,
                                                                                 and 2) agreement of the new SPI targets based on the Unilever Compass.
Improving the health of the planet
                                                                                 To come to a view on Unilever’s 2020 performance on its sustainability
The effects of climate change and nature loss are becoming ever more             commitments, the Corporate Responsibility Committee and the
apparent and increasingly urgent. Following the launch of Unilever’s             Compensation Committee jointly evaluate performance against the




                                                                                                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT
new commitments on climate and nature in 2020 (see page 10), in May              SPI targets.
2021 Unilever put its Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP, see pages 51
                                                                                 The SPI is a two-fold assessment that captures quantitative and qualitative
to 56) before shareholders and sought a non-binding advisory vote on
                                                                                 elements. Firstly, the Committee considered the 2020 targets reported in
our ambitious emissions reduction targets and our plans to reach them.
                                                                                 the 2020 Annual Report and Accounts alongside performance evidenced
The Corporate Responsibility Committee studied the plan ahead of its
                                                                                 in a number of sustainability ratings and indices. The second part of the
publication and presentation to the Board. The Committee reviewed and
                                                                                 assessment takes into account the overall sustainability performance
supported the company’s CTAP which the Committee considered reflects
                                                                                 across the strategic actions of the Unilever Compass strategy.
Unilever's leadership on sustainability matters.
                                                                                 Following an in-depth discussion of the SPI, the Corporate Responsibility
Packaging waste and single-use plastic continued as high priorities
                                                                                 Committee agreed a performance rating which was endorsed by the
for the business and society in 2021. Unilever’s goals cover using more
                                                                                 Compensation Committee. This joint assessment forms part of the
recycled and less virgin plastic, improving the recyclability of plastic and
                                                                                 Compensation Committee’s overall recommendation on the SPI outcome
an industry-leading commitment to an absolute reduction in plastic (see
                                                                                 (see pages 91 to 93 for the SPI outcome for the 2021 PSP award).
page 29).
                                                                                 In addition to the performance assessment, the Committee, also jointly
Members noted the progress made on Unilever’s plastic goals with more
                                                                                 with the Compensation Committee, agreed a new set of KPI, which reflect
recycled material, a step-up in plastic collection and processing, an
                                                                                 the three overarching strategic actions under the Unilever Compass: to
increase in the proportion of the portfolio that is now technically recyclable
                                                                                 improve the health of the planet; improve people’s health, confidence and
and a framework for absolute plastic reduction projects and innovation.
                                                                                 wellbeing; and to contribute to a fairer, more socially inclusive world.
However, it was noted that the reduction of virgin plastics remains
Unilever’s biggest challenge, the CRC urged Unilever to continue its efforts.    These three strategic actions are underpinned by eight key pillars, all
                                                                                 of which are represented in new SPI KPIs. Each of the eight equally
                                                                                 weighted SPI KPIs has specific annual KPIs that are fixed for the next three
Contributing to a fairer and more socially                                       years. These enable the meaningful evaluation of progress against the
inclusive world                                                                  overarching mid- to long-term Unilever Compass target.

In January 2021, Unilever launched new social goals to complement its            See page 88 for the SPI KPIs for the 2022 PSP award as agreed between the
environmental goals, recognising the interdependence of people and               Corporate Responsibility Committee and the Compensation Committee.
planet. The new goals set out to contribute to a fairer and more socially
inclusive world which leaves no one behind.
                                                                                 Evaluation of the Corporate Responsibility
Alongside its new social goals, Unilever has strengthened its focus on
equity, diversity and inclusion in gender, race, people with disabilities
                                                                                 Committee
and LGBTQI+ across the company’s value chain (see pages 19 and 28). In           As part of the internal Board evaluation carried out in 2021, the Board
2021, the Committee in particular reviewed and welcomed the progress             evaluated the performance of the Committee. The Committee also carried
made with regards to improving equity, diversity and inclusion strategies        out an assessment of its own performance in 2021 and concluded that it
in Unilever’s own operations, such as workforce representation, inclusive        was working effectively.
recruitment and career progression policies. The Committee counselled
Unilever to maintain its data-driven monitoring on the progress made.

                                                                                 Strive Masiyiwa
Protecting and enhancing Unilever’s reputation                                   Chair of the Corporate Responsibility Committee
Ensuring its good reputation is vital to Unilever’s ongoing success. As          Youngme Moon
activism rises, commentary on issues such as deforestation for palm oil or
animal testing can travel faster and wider than ever before, while social        Feike Sijbesma
media continues to amplify and accelerate issues. In 2021, the Committee
considered the impact of Unilever’s brands engaging with activist citizens
and consumers on these topics.
As the Committee charged with overseeing Unilever’s reputation, members
scrutinised Unilever’s processes for managing issues. These processes are
defined within a clear governance framework and have been enhanced
with more sophisticated forecasting techniques, and tracking and
measurement tools, to gauge likely future issues and extended training.
82                                                                                                    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Report of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee

Committee members and attendance                                          Appointment and reappointment of Directors
                                                    Attendance
                                                                          and ULE
 Nils Andersen Chair                                       4/4
 Laura Cha                                                 4/4
                                                                          Reappointment of Directors
 Andrea Jung                                               4/4            All Directors (unless they are retiring) are nominated by the Board
                                                                          for re-election at the AGM each year on the recommendation of the
 Ruby Lu                                                   1/1            Committee who, in deciding whether to recommend nomination
 (member since 1 November 2021)                                           of a Director, take into consideration the outcomes of the Chair's
 Feike Sijbesma                                            4/4            discussions with each Director on individual performance, the
                                                                          evaluation of the Board and its Committees, and the continued good
                                                                          performance of individual Directors. Non-Executive Directors normally
This table shows the membership of the Committee together with            serve for a period of up to nine years. The average tenure of the Non-
their attendance at meetings during 2021. Attendance is expressed         Executive Directors who have retired from the Board over the past
as the number of meetings attended out of the number eligible to          ten years has been seven years. The schedule the Committee uses for
be attended.                                                              orderly succession planning of Non-Executive Directors can be found
The Committee is comprised of three Non-Executive Directors and           on our website at:
the Chair. In anticipation of Laura Cha’s retirement at the 2022 AGM,     www.unilever.com/committees
Ruby Lu joined the Committee upon her appointment on 1 November
2021. The Group Secretary acts as secretary to the Committee. Other
                                                                          On 18 February 2021, Vittorio Colao stepped down as a Director. The
attendees at Committee meetings in 2021 were the Chief Executive
                                                                          Committee proposed the reappointment of all other Directors and the
Officer and the Chief HR Officer.
                                                                          Directors were appointed by shareholders by a simple majority vote at
                                                                          the 2021 AGM, bringing the then number of Non-Executive Directors
                                                                          from ten to nine.
Role of the Committee
                                                                          In anticipation of the retirement of both Laura Cha and John Rishton at
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is primarily            the 2022 AGM following the completion of their nine-year tenure, Adrian
responsible for periodically assessing the structure, size and            Hennah and Ruby Lu were appointed to the Board on 1 November
composition of the Board; evaluating the balance of skills, experience,   2021. The Committee also recommends to the Board candidates for
independence, diversity and knowledge on the Board; ongoing               election as Chair and Senior Independent Director. Following the 2021
succession planning (including the development of a diverse pipeline      AGM, Youngme Moon decided to step down from her role as Senior
for succession); drawing up selection criteria and appointment            Independent Director due to other commitments. Andrea Jung was
procedures for Directors; reviewing the feedback in respect of the        appointed by the Board to succeed Youngme as Senior Independent
role and functioning of the Board Committees arising from Board           Director, and Youngme continues to serve as a Non-Executive Director.
and Board Committee evaluations; and periodically reviewing and
assessing Unilever’s practices and procedures in relation to workforce    Following Vittorio Colao stepping down as a Director, Andrea Jung
engagement. It also has oversight of all matters relating to corporate    replaced Vittorio Colao as Chair of the Compensation Committee. All
governance and brings any issues in this respect to the attention of      other Committee Chairs remained in place in 2021, with John Rishton
the Board.                                                                as Chair of the Audit Committee, Strive Masiyiwa as Chair of the
                                                                          Corporate Responsibility Committee, and Nils Andersen as Chair of the
The Committee’s terms of reference are set out in ‘The Governance         Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
of Unilever’ which can be found on our website at:
www.unilever.com/corporategovernance
                                                                          Succession planning and Board changes
During the year, the Committee reviewed its own terms of reference        In consultation with the Committee, the Board reviews the adequacy
to determine whether its responsibilities are properly described.         and effectiveness of succession planning processes and the actual
The amended terms became effective on 1 January 2022.                     succession planning at Board level, including ensuring that succession
In 2021 the Committee met four times. In November, the Committee          plans are based on merit and objective criteria, and that they
considered the results of the Committee’s annual self-evaluation for      promote diversity.
2021 and its priorities for the year and used these to help create an     When recruiting, the Committee will take into account the profile of
annual plan for meetings for 2022.                                        Unilever’s Board of Directors set out in ‘The Governance of Unilever’
                                                                          which is in line with the recommendations of applicable governance
                                                                          regulations and best practice. Pursuant to the profile, the Board should
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                               83




comprise a majority of Non-Executive Directors who are independent              The Board believes that the composition and quality of the Board
of Unilever, free from any conflicts of interest and able to allocate           should be in keeping with the size and geographical spread of Unilever,
sufficient time to carry out their responsibilities effectively. With respect   its portfolio, culture and status as a listed company. A diverse Board
to composition and capabilities, the Board should be in keeping with            with a range of views enhances decision-making which is beneficial
the size of Unilever, its strategy, portfolio, consumer base, culture,          to the company’s long-term success and in the interests of Unilever’s
geographical spread and its status as a listed company and have                 stakeholders. Thus, the Board believes that Unilever Directors must
sufficient understanding of the markets and business where Unilever is          be selected using objective and merit-based criteria, including on the
active in order to understand the key trends and developments relevant          basis of wide-ranging experience, backgrounds, skills, knowledge
for Unilever. The objective pursued by the Board is to have a variety of        and insight with a continuing emphasis on diversity of its members.
nationality, race, gender, ethnicity, social background and relevant
                                                                                In 2021, the Committee also reviewed and considered relevant
skills and expertise. It is important that the Board has sufficient global
                                                                                recommendations on diversity and remains pleased that 55% of our
experience and outlook, and financial literacy. As discussed later in this
                                                                                Non-Executive Directors and 46% of all Directors were women and that
report, Unilever currently has a diverse Board in terms of gender and
                                                                                eight nationalities were represented on the Board. As regards ethnicity,
nationality and, as can be seen from the subset of the mapping that
                                                                                in 2021 eight directors identified themselves as White, four Directors
this Committee has done of the current Non-Executive Directors’ skills
                                                                                identified themselves as Asian and one Director identified himself as
and capabilities on page 73, composition and capabilities are in line
                                                                                Black. Further details on our approach to diversity and inclusion as well
with our Board profile described above.
                                                                                as gender balance of our workforce can be found on pages 19 and 64.
At each Committee meeting there is a standing agenda item to review
the succession plan for the Board and discuss short and long-term
action plans on succession. Through these discussions the Committee             Corporate governance developments
reflects on whether the plans need to be updated or whether new
                                                                                The Committee reviews relevant proposed legislation and changes to
requirements for potential candidates need to be implemented,
                                                                                relevant corporate governance codes at least twice a year. It carefully
ensuring we continue to adapt our succession planning to the skills
                                                                                considers whether and how the proposed laws/rules would impact
and experience required on the Board. Reflecting its role in respect
                                                                                upon Unilever and whether Unilever should participate in consultations
of board succession planning, early in 2021, the Committee’s priority
                                                                                on the proposed changes. For example, during 2021, new EU proposals
was to identify new non-executive directors to succeed two of the
                                                                                for a Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and a UK White paper
longer-serving members of the board – Laura Cha and John Rishton.
                                                                                on audit and corporate governance reform, alongside stakeholder
Candidates were sought in line with the skills, experience and diversity




                                                                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                interests, corporate reporting and overboarding were discussed by
requirements of the Board, with particular focus on the technical and
                                                                                the Committee.
professional skills required to take on certain committee responsibilities
and who would also enhance the strategic discussion in the boardroom.
Due to the successful previous experience with Egon Zehnder and
Russell Reynolds, both agencies were engaged to support the process
                                                                                Evaluation of the Nominating and Corporate
and identify candidates, with the search process leading to the                 Governance Committee
appointments of Adrian Hennah and Ruby Lu during 2021.
                                                                                As part of the Board evaluation carried out in 2021, the Board evaluated
                                                                                the performance of the Committee. The Committee also carried out
                                                                                an assessment of its own composition and performance in 2021. The
ULE succession planning and appointment
                                                                                Committee members concluded that the Committee is performing
In consultation with the Committee, the Board reviews the adequacy              effectively.
and effectiveness of succession planning processes and the actual
succession planning at ULE level, including ensuring that succession
plans are based on merit and objective criteria, and that they
promote diversity.                                                              Nils Andersen
                                                                                Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
                                                                                Laura Cha
Board Diversity Policy
                                                                                Andrea Jung
Unilever has long understood the importance of diversity and inclusion
within our workforce because of the wide range of consumers and other           Ruby Lu
stakeholders we connect with globally. This goes right through our              Feike Sijbesma
organisation, starting with the Board.
Unilever’s Board Diversity Policy, which is reviewed by the Committee
each year, is reflected on our website at:
www.unilever.com/boardsofunilever
84                                                                                                       Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Directors' Remuneration Report


Committee members and attendance                                             Incentive outcomes and wider stakeholder
                                                       Attendance            considerations
Andrea Jung                                                                  2021 Annual Bonus
                                                              5/5
Chair (Chair from 18 February 2021)                                          After careful consideration, the Committee decided neither to change
Vittorio Colao                                                               the targets in response to volatile business conditions nor to exercise
                                                              1/1            discretion on the formulaic outcome, which will set the global bonus
(Member and Chair until 18 February 2021)
                                                                             pool for all eligible Unilever employees.
Nils Andersen                                                 5/5
                                                                             Accordingly, the Committee confirmed a bonus of 81% of target
Laura Cha                                                     5/5
                                                                             opportunity for both the CEO Alan Jope (resulting in a bonus of 122%
Ruby Lu                                                                      of fixed pay against a target of 150%), and the CFO Graeme Pitkethly
                                                              1/1
(Member from 1 November 2021)                                                (resulting in a bonus of 97% of fixed pay against a target of 120%), as
                                                                             detailed in the chart on page 90.
This table shows the membership of the Compensation Committee
(Committee) together with their attendance at meetings during 2021.          Under the Remuneration Policy, 50% of the net bonus award will be
Attendance is expressed as the number of meetings attended out of            deferred in shares for three years.
the number each member was eligible to attend.                               2018-2021 Management Co-Investment Plan (MCIP)
                                                                             Similarly, no discretion was applied to the MCIP vesting based on
                                                                             performance in 2021.

Letter from the Chair                                                        Accordingly, the Committee confirmed the formulaic outcome for the
                                                                             2018-2021 MCIP was 87% of target, which will be applied to all eligible
                                                                             Unilever employees. This outcome is detailed in the chart on page 91,
Dear shareholders,                                                           and corresponds to a vesting of 44% of the maximum of 200% for our
                                                                             two Executive Directors.
As the Committee Chair, I am pleased to present Unilever’s Directors’
                                                                             Wider stakeholder considerations
Remuneration Report (DRR) 2021. In the sections below, I set out
                                                                             When considering the annual bonus and MCIP outcomes, the
the Committee’s activities in 2021, including Unilever’s business
                                                                             Committee carefully took into account the experiences of our wider
performance in 2021 and how it links to key remuneration outcomes
                                                                             stakeholders in order to ensure that outcomes were aligned.
for the year. I also reflect on the feedback we received on our new
Directors’ Remuneration Policy, which was approved at the May 2021           In particular, our decision not to amend targets mid-year in light of
AGM (referred to as the Remuneration Policy).                                significant inflationary conditions was taken to ensure that employees
                                                                             and Executive Directors are treated commensurately with the interests
                                                                             of our shareholders. The final outcomes of 81% of target for annual
Business performance and remuneration                                        bonus and 87% of target for MCIP are below our expectations. However,
2021 was a year of volatility with continued impact from the Covid-19        the Committee believes these outcomes represent the performance
pandemic and unprecedented global commodity inflation driven by              delivered to shareholders in challenging trading circumstances.
supply constraints and demand spikes.
In this context, we delivered Underlying Sales Growth (USG) of +4.5%,
                                                                             Our Remuneration Policy for 2021
above our par target of 3.5%, driven by strong pricing of +2.9% and
volume growth of 1.6%. Our growth was competitive with 53% of our            We are delighted the Remuneration Policy was approved at the
business gaining market share on a Moving Annual Total basis.                May 2021 AGM with 93.51% votes in favour, which is available on
                                                                             our website.
The severe mismatch between supply and demand resulted in a once in
a two-decade spike in commodity and logistics cost inflation. Prices of      As detailed in full in last year’s DRR, the key changes to the
core ingredients have risen significantly versus early 2020 levels; Brent    Remuneration Policy for the Executive Directors were to:
Crude Oil +60%, Soyabean Oil +90% and Palm Oil +130%. We accelerated         ▪ replace the former long-term incentive plan, MCIP, with a new
pricing action and stepped up savings, which helped to offset much             Performance Share Plan (PSP) that is entirely separate from the
of the inflation challenge. We delivered Underlying Operating Margin           annual bonus plan;
(UOM) of 18.4%; -10bps versus prior year, below the threshold range of       ▪ replace the voluntary investment of bonus through MCIP with a
-5bps. Overall, Underlying Operating Profit grew 2.9%.                         mandatory deferral of 50% of the net annual bonus in shares for
                                                                               three years;
Free Cash Flow (FCF) (excluding taxes paid on disposals) delivery
                                                                             ▪ set performance measures for the PSP that are strategically aligned
remained strong at €6.5 billion ahead of our par target of €6.3 billion.
                                                                               with the business; and
Underlying Earnings per Share (EPS) grew by +5.5% at current rates           ▪ reduce the long-term performance period for the PSP from four
and included +0.9% from the €3 billion share buy-back programme                to three years while maintaining a five-year period from award to
announced in April 2021.                                                       release by increasing the retention period from one year to two years.
Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) was 17.2%, being sustained in the          The Remuneration Policy is operating as intended and, following the
mid to high teens, and Unilever's sustainability performance measure         high level of support, no material changes are proposed in relation to
for the long-term incentive plan, the Sustainability Progress Index (SPI),   how we implement the Remuneration Policy in 2022.
achieved a 125% outcome, as detailed on page 92.
                                                                             Remuneration arrangements are determined throughout Unilever
                                                                             based on the same principles as for the Board, as set out in the
                                                                             Remuneration Policy.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                     85




Executive Director fixed pay increases                                                 Sustainability Progress Index
                                                                                       ▪ SPI has been an established feature of our long-term incentive (LTI)
2021 increases                                                                           scheme since it was introduced in 2017, in recognition of our vision to
As set out in last year’s DRR, we did not conduct a fixed pay review                     be the global leader in sustainable business and the importance of
for the Executive Directors in the first half of 2021, and we planned                    sustainability KPIs in driving business performance. SPI was based on
to undertake such a review in the second half of 2021. This review                       a selection of KPIs from our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP)
was conducted taking into account business performance, external                         which ran until 2020, reflected in the PSP up to and including the
circumstances and salary increases awarded to the wider workforce.                       2021 award.
The Committee conducted a review of the CEO and CFO packages                           ▪ In 2021, Unilever introduced the Compass, which includes a series of
against external market data* in the second half of 2021, as planned,                    new sustainability commitments for the business, and as such, we
which shows the CEO is between lower quartile and median on a fixed                      have updated the SPI incentive performance measure to reflect the
pay and target total compensation basis and the CFO is between                           Compass from the 2022 PSP award onwards.
median and upper quartile on fixed pay and just below median on a                      ▪ Within the Unilever Compass strategy, we have three overarching
target total compensation basis.                                                         strategic actions: to improve the health of the planet; to improve
                                                                                         people’s health and wellbeing; and to contribute to a fairer, more
The Committee approved a 2021 fixed pay increase of 3.5% for both                        socially inclusive world.
the CEO and the CFO, effective from 1 July 2021. This is in line with the              ▪ These three strategic actions are underpinned by eight key pillars, all
average increase awarded to the wider Unilever workforce in 2020.                        of which are represented in new SPI KPIs. Each of the eight KPIs are
Given the fixed pay increases were delayed and took place mid-year,                      equally weighted and have specific annual KPIs that are fixed for the
they also reduced the incentives for 2021 compared to if the increases                   next three years. These enable the meaningful evaluation of progress
were awarded at the start of the year: PSP grants in 2021 were based on                  against the overarching mid- to long-term Unilever Compass KPI.
previous salary levels; and annual bonus opportunities for 2021 were                   ▪ The eight KPIs are agreed between the Unilever Board’s Corporate
based on the actual salary received during the year.                                     Responsibility Committee (CRC) and the Committee. The CRC and
                                                                                         the Committee work together to review a detailed quantitative and
2022 increases
                                                                                         qualitative update on performance against each KPI. The CRC and
There will be no fixed pay review for the Executive Directors in the
                                                                                         the Committee also look at the overall sustainability performance
first half of 2022. Such a review will take place in the second half of
                                                                                         across the strategic actions of the Unilever Compass strategy. This
2022, with any potential changes based on performance, external
                                                                                         information together is used to make a recommendation on the
circumstances and with any increase below the level applied for the




                                                                                                                                                                   GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                         performance outcome for each year in the range of 0–200% for the
wider workforce.
                                                                                         Committee to consider.
In line with the Remuneration Policy and subject to the performance                    ▪ Because performance against the SPI incentive performance measure
and workforce alignment, the Committee will, over time, continue to                      is calculated after the performance year has ended, the previous
review the CEO’s fixed pay positioning and progress towards the market                   year’s SPI applies to the performance year for LTI. For example, the
median benchmark.                                                                        2020 SPI KPIs (based on USLP) were used for the 2021 performance
*Our benchmarking peer group consists of other global companies of a similar             year for LTI whereas the 2021 SPI KPIs (based on the Unilever Compass
financial size and complexity to Unilever and is set out in full in the Remuneration     strategy) will be used for the 2022 performance year for LTI.
Policy.                                                                                ▪ The SPI KPIs for the 2021 PSP award are set out on page 92 and the SPI
                                                                                         KPIs for the 2022 PSP award are set out on page 88.
Engaging with shareholders                                                             See the remuneration topics section of our website for a video
                                                                                       explanation on SPI.
In 2020, the Committee engaged extensively with shareholders and
major advisory bodies (including the Investment Association, ISS, Glass
Lewis, Hermes and Eumedion) on the Remuneration Policy. In the run-
up to the 2021 AGM, we had further consultation with some of these                     Non-Executive Director fees
shareholders and advisory bodies on the Remuneration Policy.
                                                                                       There was no increase to Non-Executive Director fees in 2021. Following
On behalf of the Committee, I spoke with investors and advisory                        a review in 2021, the Committee decided to keep Non-Executive Director
bodies in the autumn of 2021 on how the Remuneration Policy landed                     fees the same for 2022. The Committee will review the fees again
in the organisation and wider investor community. Through this                         in 2022.
engagement, shareholders and major advisory bodies requested to
better understand the performance measure on competitiveness, which
was introduced for 2021, and how SPI targets are calculated. We have
shared additional information and explanation with shareholders,
advisory bodies and on our website, including:
Competitiveness: % Business Winning Market Share (% Business
Winning)
▪ Competitiveness, measured as % Business Winning, was introduced
  as a new measure for the PSP. Growing competitively ahead of our
  markets is a key strategic driver of long-term growth.
▪ % Business Winning incentivises all country/category cells (e.g. UK
  deodorant) to win share, not just the big cells, thus supporting broad-
  based competitive growth.
▪ There is an end-to-end governance framework in place consisting
  of a cross-function steering committee and regular updates to,
  and evaluation by, the Committee.
See the remuneration topics section of our website under investors,
corporate governance and other governance information for more
on Business Winning Market Share.
86                                                                          Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued




Engaging with employees
As previously announced, the Board decided to share the responsibility
for workforce engagement among all Non-Executive Directors to ensure
that all Directors have a collective responsibility for bringing employee
views into relevant Board discussion. We continued these engagements
in 2021, see page 69 for a summary of the discussions that took place.
In July 2021, I attended a virtual town hall meeting open to all
employees globally. This was an opportunity for employees to ask me
questions, including in relation to Unilever’s approach to remuneration.
I was able to share that the Board considers topics on pay, such as
living wage and pay equity, because the Board understands the issue
of income equality, how it is expressed in society and what corporations
can do to address it.
We sought feedback from employees globally who were eligible for the
new PSP and 71% of respondents answered positively that PSP offers a
more valuable reward for them personally. In addition, 85% understood
how their role can impact the long-term business performance
measures that determine final PSP pay-out. Overall, the Committee is
pleased to receive such positive feedback.
One of the Non-Executive Directors attended an engagement session
with employees on the subject of compensation and benefits.
Employees shared feedback on progression within pay bands,
differentiation of annual bonus, benefits of PSP over MCIP and
competitiveness of Unilever’s pension schemes.
See the Board and management committees section of our website
under investors and corporate governance for a copy of Unilever's
workforce engagement policy introduced in 2021.



Implementation report
The annual report on remuneration in this report describes 2021
remuneration in detail as well as the planned implementation of
the Remuneration Policy in 2022.
On behalf of the Committee and the entire Board, I thank all
shareholders and their representatives for their constructive
engagement in 2021. Shareholders will have an advisory vote
on the DRR at the 2022 AGM.




Andrea Jung
Chair of the Compensation Committee
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                             87




Annual report on remuneration
This section sets out how the Remuneration Policy (which was approved by shareholders at the May 2021 AGM and is available on our website)
was implemented in 2021 and how it will be implemented in 2022.
See the remuneration topics section of our website for a copy of the Remuneration Policy.



Implementation of the Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors
The Remuneration Policy was implemented with effect from the May 2021 AGM as set out below.

Elements of remuneration
Fixed Pay
Purpose and link to strategy    Supports the recruitment and retention of Executive Directors of the calibre required to implement our strategy.
                                Reflects the individual’s skills, experience, performance and role within the Group. Provides a simple competitive
                                alternative to the separate provision of salary, fixed allowance and pension.
At a glance                     Details of the rationale for our Executive Directors’ fixed pay amounts can be found on page 85.
Implementation in 2021          Effective from 1 January 2021:                              Effective from 1 July 2021:
                                ▪ CEO: €1,508,000                                           ▪ CEO: €1,560,780 (3.5% increase)
                                ▪ CFO: €1,135,960                                           ▪ CFO: €1,175,719 (3.5% increase)
Planned for 2022                Effective from 1 January 2022:
                                ▪ CEO: €1,560,780 (no change)
                                ▪ CFO: €1,175,719 (no change)
Annual Bonus
Purpose and link to strategy    Incentivises year-on-year delivery of rigorous short-term financial, strategic and operational objectives selected to




                                                                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                support our annual business strategy and the ongoing enhancement of shareholder value.
                                In 2021, a new requirement was introduced to defer 50% of the net annual bonus into shares or share awards to
                                link to long-term performance.
At a glance                     ▪ Target annual bonus of 150% of fixed pay for the CEO and 120% of fixed pay for the CFO.
                                ▪ Maximum annual bonus is 225% of fixed pay for the CEO and 180% for the CFO.
                                ▪ Business performance multiplier of between 0% and 150% based on achievement against business targets over
                                  the year.
                                ▪ Performance target ranges are considered commercially sensitive and will be disclosed in full with the
                                  corresponding performance outcomes retrospectively following the end of the relevant performance year.
                                ▪ Requirement to defer 50% net annual bonus into shares, as set out in the Remuneration Policy.
                                ▪ Subject to ultimate remedy/malus and claw-back provisions, as set out in the Remuneration Policy.
Implementation in 2021          Implemented in line with the Remuneration Policy:
                                ▪ Underlying Sales Growth: 1/3
                                ▪ Underlying Operating Margin Improvement: 1/3
                                ▪ Free Cash Flow: 1/3
Planned for 2022                The performance measures for 2022 will remain the same. However, USG will be up-weighted to 50% to reflect
                                Unilever's focus on delivering growth as a key priority. It is the Committee's intention to keep these weightings
                                unchanged for the duration of the Remuneration Policy.
                                ▪ Underlying Sales Growth: 50%
                                ▪ Underlying Operating Margin Improvement: 25%
                                ▪ Free Cash Flow: 25%
Long-Term Incentive: Performance Share Plan
Purpose and link to strategy    From 2021, the PSP replaced the MCIP as the sole LTI plan. The PSP aligns senior management’s interests with
                                shareholders by focusing on the sustained delivery of high-performance results over the long-term.
At a glance                     ▪ As approved by shareholders at the May 2021 AGM, the new PSP grants rights to receive free shares (awards) on
                                  vesting. Awards normally vest after three years, to the extent performance conditions are achieved. The first PSP
                                  award was made on 7 May 2021, vesting on 15 February 2024 (with a requirement to hold vested shares for a
                                  further two-year retention period).
                                ▪ The normal maximum award for the CEO is 400% of fixed pay and for the CFO is 320% of fixed pay. At target, 50%
                                  of maximum vests, equating to 200% and 160% of fixed pay respectively.
                                ▪ Upon vesting, Executive Directors will have a further two-year retention period to ensure there is a five-year
                                  duration between the grant of the award and release of the shares.
                                ▪ The PSP is subject to ultimate remedy, discretion, malus and claw-back provisions, as set out in the
                                  Remuneration Policy.
Implementation in 2021          The PSP was implemented in line with the Remuneration Policy. Details of the performance measures for the 2021
                                PSP awards can be found on page 93.
88                                                                                                     Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued




Elements of remuneration continued
Planned for 2022               As detailed in the Remuneration Policy, the performance conditions for PSP awards are assessed over a three-
                               year period with a further two-year retention period. The performance conditions and target ranges for 2022
                               awards under the PSP will be as follows:

                               PSP 2022 – 2024 awards
                                                                       Weighting           Threshold                                 Max
                               Competitiveness:
                                                                         25%
                               % Business Winning                                    45%                                                     60%
                                                                                     0%                                                      200%

                               Cumulative Free Cash Flow (€bn)
                               (Current rates ex cash tax on             25%
                               disposal)                                             €16.0bn                                             €22.0bn
                                                                                     0%                                                      200%

                               Return On Invested Capital
                                                                         25%
                               (Exit year %)                                         15%                                                     19%
                                                                                     0%                                                      200%

                               Sustainability Progress Index (€bn)       25%         0%                                                     200%
                               (Committee assessment of SPI                          0%                                                      200%
                               progress)



                               Performance at threshold results in nil PSP awards vesting, target performance results in an award equal to
                               200% of fixed pay (at time of award) for the CEO and 160% for the CFO, up to a maximum of 400% for the CEO
                               and 320% for the CFO, with straight-line vesting between threshold and maximum. A retention period of two
                               years applies from vesting.
                               PSP awards (based on target performance) to be made on 11 March 2022 as follows:
                               ▪ CEO 200% Fixed Pay: €3,121,560
                               ▪ CFO 160% Fixed Pay: €1,881,150


                               Cumulative FCF from operating activities in current currency ensures sufficient cash is available to fund a range
                               of strategic capital allocation choices.
                               ROIC measures the return generated on capital invested by the Group and is calculated as underlying operating
                               profit after tax divided by the annual average of: goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant and equipment,
                               net assets held for sale, inventories, trade and other current receivables, and trade payables and other current
                               liabilities. The target range of a threshold of 15% and maximum of 19% expresses our commitment to deliver
                               ROIC at a level of mid to high teens, whilst continuing to reshape our portfolio through acquisitions and
                               disposals.
                               Competitiveness measured by % Business Winning was introduced as a new metric for the PSP in 2021 and is
                               explained in more detail in the Chair letter on page 85. % Business Winning will be assessed each year as the
                               aggregate turnover of the portfolio components (country/category cells) gaining value market share as a %
                               of the total turnover measured by market data. As such, it assesses what percentage of our revenue is being
                               generated in areas where we are gaining market share. The outcome for the 2022-2024 PSP is the average of the
                               three years % Business Winning performance. With intense competition and changing shopper trends, winning
                               share in each portfolio or geography segment presents a challenge for all players; repeating these wins over
                               successive years is even more demanding. At consolidated Group level delivering consistently in the range of
                               50% Business Winning will enable us to grow with our markets, delivering above 50% Business Winning over
                               successive years supports our objective of growing ahead of our markets. Keeping this in mind, the Committee
                               believes that a stretch goal of 60% and threshold performance of 45% resulting in a zero pay out for this
                               performance measure to be appropriate.

                               SPI KPI setting under the Unilever Compass
                               SPI is explained in the Committee Chair’s letter on page 85. The eight SPI KPIs agreed between the CRC and
                               Committee for 2022 PSP awards are as follows:
                               ▪ Climate action: The total number of suppliers with whom we have signed agreements to develop renewable
                                 or recycled carbon surfactants (surface active agent).
                               ▪ Protect and regenerate nature: % of volume of supply of palm oil, soy, paper and board, cocoa and tea
                                 purchased and/or contracted from low-risk sources.
                               ▪ Waste-free world: Total tonnes of recycled plastic material content ('recycled plastic') used in our plastic
                                 packaging portfolio as a percentage of total tonnes of plastic packaging used in products sold.
                               ▪ Health and wellbeing: Number of people reached by brand communications and initiatives that help
                                 improve health and wellbeing, and help advance equity and inclusion.
                               ▪ Positive nutrition: Total sales (euros) of Unilever’s products containing plant-based meat and dairy
                                 alternatives.
                               ▪ Raise living standards: Value of contracts including the living wage requirement.
                               ▪ Equity, diversity and inclusion: Monetary value (euros) of all invoices received from Tier 1 suppliers that
                                 are either verified as a diverse business by an approved certification body or have self-declared as
                                 a diverse business.
                               ▪ Future of work: % of employees with a future-fit skills set.

In addition to the three elements mentioned above, our Executive Directors are provided with non-monetary benefits. These include medical
insurance cover, actual tax return preparation costs and provision of death-in-service benefits and administration.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                 89




Ultimate remedy/malus and claw-back
Grants under the PSP and the legacy MCIP are subject to ultimate remedy and discretion as explained in the Remuneration Policy. Malus and claw-
back apply to all performance-related payments as explained in the Remuneration Policy.
In 2021, the Committee did not reclaim or claw-back any of the value of awards of performance-related payments to current or former
Executive Directors.


Single figure of remuneration and implementation of the Remuneration Policy in 2021
for Executive Directors (Audited)
The table below shows a single figure of remuneration for each of our Executive Directors for the years 2020 and 2021.

                                                                                              Alan Jope CEO (€’000)                           Graeme Pitkethly CFO (€’000)
                                                                             Proportion                 Proportion                  Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                            of Fixed and               of Fixed and                of Fixed and                of Fixed and
                                                                                Variable                    Variable                   Variable                     Variable
                                                                       2021         Rem           2020          Rem           2021         Rem            2020          Rem
(A) Fixed pay(a)                                                      1,534                      1,508                       1,156                       1,136
Total fixed pay                                                       1,534                      1,508                       1,156                       1,136
(B) Other benefits                                                       76                         56                          47                         38
Fixed pay & benefits subtotal                                         1,610        32.9%         1,564        45.4%          1,203       35.0%           1,174       39.6%
(C) Annual bonus(b)                                                   1,864                      1,086                       1,123                        654
LTI: MCIP Match Shares                                                1,416                        797                       1,114                        463
LTI: GSIP Performance Shares(c)                                         n/a                        n/a                         n/a                        670
Variable Remuneration subtotal                                        3,280        66.9%         1,883        54.6%          2,237       65.0%           1,787       60.3%




                                                                                                                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT
(D) LTI subtotal                                                      1,416                        797                       1,114                       1,133
Total Remuneration (A+B+C+D)                                          4,890                      3,447                       3,440                       2,962
(a) Fixed pay increased by 3.5% to €1,560,780 for CEO and €1,175,719 for CFO from 1 July 2021 and pro-rated for annual bonus i.e. the maximum amount of 2021 bonus
    increased by 1.75%.
(b) In line with the Remuneration Policy, 50% of the 2021 net annual bonus will be deferred into Unilever shares that must be held for a period of three years.
(c) Alan Jope received his last GSIP award in 2017 that vested on 13 February 2020 as disclosed in the 2019 DRR. Graeme Pitkethly received his last GSIP award in 2018 that
    vested on 17 February 2021, as disclosed in the 2020 DRR.


Where relevant, amounts for 2021 have been translated into euros using the average exchange rate over 2021 (€1 = £0.8605), excluding amounts
in respect of MCIP, which have been translated into euros using the exchange rates at the vesting date at 16 February 2022 (€1 = £0.8379 and
€1 = $1.1354).
Amounts for 2020 have been translated into euros using the average exchange rate over 2020 (€1 = £0.8877), excluding amounts in respect of MCIP
and GSIP, which have been translated into euros using the exchange rates at the vesting date on 16 February 2021 (€1 = £0.8711 and €1 = $1.2136)
for MCIP and 17 February 2021 (€1 = £0.8703) for GSIP.
We do not grant our Executive Directors any personal loans or guarantees.


Elements of single figure remuneration 2021

(A) Fixed pay (Audited)
Fixed pay set in euros and paid in 2021: CEO – €1,534,390, CFO – €1,155,840.


(B) Other benefits (Audited)
For 2021 this comprises:

                                                                                                                                            Alan Jope     Graeme Pitkethly
                                                                                                                                             CEO(€)(a)           CFO(€)(a)
                                                                                                                                                  2021                2021
Medical insurance cover and actual tax return preparation costs                                                                               59,522               34,983
Provision of death-in-service benefits and administration                                                                                     16,000               12,000
Total                                                                                                                                         75,522               46,983
(a) The numbers in this table are translated where necessary using the average exchange rate over 2021 of €1 = £0.8605.
90                                                                                                    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued




(C) Annual bonus (Audited)
Annual bonus 2021 actual outcomes: CEO – €1,864,284 (which is 54% of maximum, 122% of fixed pay). CFO – €1,123,476 (which is 54% of maximum,
97% of fixed pay).


Alan Jope                                                                 Graeme Pitkethly




Annual bonus measures are not impacted by share price growth.
50% of the net annual bonus earned is deferred into shares (€494,035 for Alan Jope and €297,721 for Graeme Pitkethly). Shares are deferred for
three years and not subject to performance or service conditions, in line with the Remuneration Policy.
The annual bonus measures and performance against targets are set out below. All performance ranges are straight-line between threshold
and maximum:




Further details of the annual bonus outcomes are described in the Committee Chair's letter on page 84.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           91




(D) MCIP – UK law requirement (Audited)
2021 Outcomes
This includes MCIP match shares (operated under the Unilever Share Plan 2017) granted to Alan Jope on 23 April 2018 and Graeme Pitkethly on
3 May 2018, based on performance in the four-year period to 31 December 2021, which vested on 16 February 2022.
The values included in the single figure table for 2021 are calculated by multiplying the number of shares granted to Alan Jope on 23 April 2018
and Graeme Pitkethly on 3 May 2018 (including additional shares in respect of accrued dividends through to 31 December 2021) by the level of
vesting (% of target award) and the share price on the date of vesting (PLC £38.18 and PLC ADS $51.88). These have been translated into euros
using the exchange rate on the date of vesting (€1 = £0.8379 and €1 = $1.1354).
Performance against targets:




                                                                                                                                                        GOVERNANCE REPORT
(a) Excludes share buy-back of +110bps in 2018 and +90bps in 2021.


Further details of the MCIP outcome are described in the Committee Chair's letter on page 84. Further detail on the SPI outcome is set out below.
On the basis of this performance, the Committee determined that the MCIP awards at the end of 2021 will vest at 87% of initial target award levels
(i.e. 44% of maximum for MCIP).
Outcome of SPI for MCIP cycle 2018-2021:
As explained in the Committee Chair’s letter on page 85, the SPI is an assessment of the business’s sustainability performance by the CRC and
the Committee that captures quantitative and qualitative elements (see page 92). The CRC and the Committee agree on a SPI achievement level
against the KPI taking into account performance across the entire SPI pillar.
The 2021 SPI performance (based on 2020 USLP performance) is set out below. The SPI index for the four-year MCIP performance period is
calculated by taking a simple average and is set out at the bottom of the table for MCIP 2018-2021 (see page 92).
The USLP was our 10-year plan to make sustainable living commonplace by halving our environmental footprint and increasing our social impact
through our brands, innovation, sourcing and operations.
Since 2010, we helped 1.3 billion people improve their health, wellbeing and hygiene through programmes led by some of our biggest brands:
Lifebuoy, Dove, Domestos, SMILE, Pepsodent and Vaseline. We enhanced the livelihoods of millions of people by driving fairness and human rights
in our operations and extended supply chain. We achieved our commitment to pay every direct Unilever employee at or above a living wage.
We have made progress on our ambition to halve the environmental footprint of the making and use of our products. We have achieved a
75% reduction of CO2 emissions from energy in our factories per tonne of production and decreased the waste per consumer by 34%. Through
innovation, R&D expertise, and partnerships with suppliers, we are finding lower carbon solutions for our everyday products, which has resulted in
good progress, particularly in Foods & Refreshment and Home Care where we have reduced emissions by 30% and 37% respectively since 2010.
Through our 'less plastic, better plastic, no plastic' framework, we have continued to progress against our waste-free world plastic packaging
goals. We have scaled the use of recycled material in our packaging, achieving 16% of our packaging using recycled plastic or 112,000 tonnes
across the portfolio. Our brands played a major part in increasing our use of recycled plastic. Dove and Sunlight for example, moving to 100%
recycled material bottles in their biggest markets, and innovations in Foods & Refreshment using ice cream tubs made with food-grade recycled
plastic in key markets in Europe.
We also continue in our journey to deforestation-free supply chains, where in 2020, we purchased and/or contracted 83% of volume of supply of
palm oil, soy, and paper and board from low-risk sources.
We maintained our leading status by achieving top ratings in industry indexes and continue to use our scale and influence to drive wider changes
on issues that are relevant to our business.
2021 marks the final year of reporting against the USLP commitments. In 2022, the SPI indicators will be based on progress made against the
Unilever Compass commitments (see page 88 for details).
92                                                                                                                                   Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued



The average SPI outcome for MCIP 2018-2021 is set out at the bottom of the table and is audited.

                                                                                                          SPI 2021                                                SPI 2019           SPI 2018
                                                                                                                                           SPI 2020
SPI Category                     KPIs                                                        Judgement (a)       2020 actuals          2019 actuals           2018 actuals       2017 actuals

USLP
Health &                         With our Dove brand, we'll help young
                                 people build up positive body confidence                          Partly
Wellbeing                                                                                                                 69m                   >60m                 35m                29m
                                 and self-esteem through educational                            achieved
                                 programme (millions)
Reducing Environmental           Reduce CO2 emissions from energy from
                                                                                                   Over-
Impact                           our factories per tonne of production vs                                                -75%                   -65%                -52%               -47%
                                                                                                achieved
                                 2008 baseline (%)
                                                                                                                                                                    4,845              4,850
                                 Increase the recycled plastic material                            Over-
                                                                                                                          16%                     5%              tonnes             tonnes
                                 content in our packaging (% purchased)                         achieved
                                                                                                                                                                    (<1%)              (<1%)
Enhancing                        Source our procurement spend through
                                 suppliers meeting the mandatory                                   Partly
Livelihoods                                                                                                               83%                    70%                 61%                55%
                                 requirements of our Responsible Sourcing                       achieved
                                 Policy (%)
                                 Reduce our Total Recordable Frequency
                                                                                                   Over-
                                 Rate (TRFR) for accidents in our factories                                               0.63                   0.76                0.69               0.89
                                                                                                achieved
                                 and offices (# per million hours worked)
Transformational change agenda
                                 Purchase and/or contract volume of our
Sustainable Sourcing             supply of palm oil, soy and paper and                          Achieved                  83%                    95%                 81%                56%
                                 board from low risk sources (%)(b)
External recognition
                                                                                                   Over-
Rankings and ratings             Achieve Leader/A ratings (number)                                                     6 of 6(c)                5 of 5              3 of 5             4 of 5
                                                                                                achieved
Annual SPI outcome                                                                                   125%                                       130%                125%               120%
Average SPI outcome for
                                                                                                     125%
MCIP 2018-2021
(a) Judgement of the Committee and CRC.
(b) Measure for 2020 actuals. Measure for 2017-2019 actuals was: 'purchase crude palm oil from physically certified sustainable sources (%)'.
(c) DJSI, CDP Climate, CDP Water, CDP Forests, GlobeScan plus Bloomberg Equality Index in 2020.


Share price growth MCIP 2018-2021



Alan           PLC ADS
                                             -5.6%(d)                                             31,422 shares €1,521,826(a)                 €1,415,671(e)
Jope            Shares


Graeme           PLC
                                                 -3.2%(d)                          24,816 shares €1,169,114(a)                €1,114,335(e)
Pitkethly       Shares

               -1,200,000    -800,000       -400,000              0            400,000          800,000           1,200,000         1,600,000        2,000,000       2,400,000

                                            Original(a)     Performance (b)   Dividends(c)    Share price growth (d)



(a) The conditional number of shares awarded (including decimals) at the share price on the award date.
(b) The business performance ratio applied to the original conditional share award (including decimals) at the share price on the award date.
(c) The dividends accrued on the original conditional share award (including decimals) at the share price on the award date.
(d) The nominal movement in share price between the award date and the vesting date applied to the original conditional share award plus accrued dividends
    (including decimals) multiplied by the business performance ratio.
(e) The final value of the award on the vesting date using the exchange rate on the day of vesting of €1 = £0.8379 and €1 = $1.1354. The actual number of vested shares
    can be found on page 94. The share values for Alan Jope are grossed up for tax and social security.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                               93




Scheme interests awarded in the year (Audited)

PSP performance share award made in 2021
Basis of award                       The following numbers of performance shares were awarded on 7 May 2021 (vesting on 7 May 2024):
                                     CEO:                      CFO:
                                     ▪ PLC - 61,233            ▪ PLC - 36,901
                                     Maximum vesting results in 200% of the above awards vesting. Dividend equivalents may be earned
                                     (in cash or additional shares) on the award when and to the extent that the award vests.
Maximum face value                   ▪ CEO: €6,081,295
of awards(a)                         ▪ CFO: €3,664,799
Threshold vesting                    Four equally weighted long-term performance measures. 0% of the target award vests for threshold performance.
(% of target award)
Performance period                   1 January 2021 – 31 December 2023 (with a requirement to hold vested shares for a further two-year
                                     retention period).
Details of performance               Performance measures:
measures


                                     PSP 2021 – 2023 awards
                                                                                              Weighting            Threshold                                Max


                                     Competitiveness: % Business Winning                         25%          45%                                                     60%
                                                                                                              0%                                                      200%




                                                                                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                     Cumulative Free Cash Flow
                                                                                                 25%
                                     (Current FX)                                                             €16.7bn                                           22.7bn
                                                                                                              0%                                                      200%



                                     Return On Invested Capital
                                                                                                 25%
                                     (Exit year %)                                                            15%                                                     19%
                                                                                                              0%                                                      200%

                                                                                                                                                                  200%
                                     Sustainability Progress Index (Committee
                                                                                                 25%
                                     assessment of SPI progress)                                              0%                                                  200%
                                                                                                              0%                                                      200%

(a) Face values are calculated by multiplying the number of shares granted on 7 May 2021 (including decimals) by the share price on that day of PLC £42.73, assuming
    maximum performance and therefore maximum vesting of 200% and then translating into euros using an average exchange rate over 2021 of €1 = £0.8605.


Annual bonus deferral share award made in 2021
Basis of award                       The following numbers of annual bonus deferral shares were awarded on 7 May 2021:
                                     CEO:                      CFO:
                                     ▪ PLC - 5,743             ▪ PLC - 3,461
                                     Annual bonus deferral shares accrue dividends, which are reinvested.
Face value of awards(a)              CEO: €285,181             CFO: €171,864
Deferral period                      7 May 2021 – 7 May 2024.
Details of performance               No performance measures.
measures

(a) Face values are calculated by multiplying the number of shares granted on 7 May 2021 (including decimals) by the share price on that day of PLC £42.73 and then
    translated into euros using an average exchange rate over 2021 of €1 = £0.8605.
94                                                                                                             Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued




Minimum shareholding requirement and Executive Director share interests (Unaudited)
Executive Directors are required to build and retain a personal shareholding in Unilever within five years of their date of appointment to align their
interests with those of Unilever’s shareholders. Incoming Executive Directors will be required to retain all shares vesting from any share awards
made since their appointment (after deduction of tax) until their minimum shareholding requirements have been met in full.
The table below shows the Executive Directors’ share ownership against the minimum shareholding requirements as at 31 December 2021 and the
interest in PLC ordinary shares of the Executive Directors and their connected persons as at 31 December 2021.
When calculating an Executive Director’s personal shareholding, the following methodology is used:
▪ fixed pay at the date of measurement;
▪ shares in PLC will qualify provided they are personally owned by the Executive Director, by a member of their (immediate) family or by certain
  corporate bodies, trusts or partnerships, as required by law from time to time (each a ‘connected person’);
▪ shares purchased under the legacy MCIP or legacy GSIP, whether from the annual bonus or otherwise, will qualify as from the moment of
  purchase as these are held in the individual’s name and are not subject to further restrictions;
▪ shares or entitlements to shares that are subject only to the Executive Director remaining in employment will qualify on a net of tax basis
  (including deferred bonus awards);
▪ shares awarded on a conditional basis by way of the legacy MCIP or legacy GSIP will not qualify until the moment of vesting (i.e. once the precise
  number of shares is fixed after the four-year vesting period for the legacy MCIP or three-year vesting period for the legacy GSIP has elapsed);
▪ shares awarded on a conditional basis under the PSP will not qualify until the moment of vesting (i.e. once the precise number of shares is fixed
  after the three-year vesting period for PSP has elapsed); and
▪ the shares will be valued on the date of measurement or, if that outcome fails the personal shareholding test, on the date of acquisition.
The share price for the relevant measurement date will be based on the average closing share prices and the euro/sterling/US dollar exchange
rates from the 60 calendar days prior to the measurement date.
Any Executive Director who leaves after the date of the Remuneration Policy took effect will be required to maintain at least 100% of their minimum
shareholding requirement for two years after leaving (or if less, their actual shareholding on the date of leaving). ULE members are required to
build a shareholding of 400% of fixed pay (500% for the CEO). This requirement is 250% of fixed pay for the management layer below ULE.
Executive Directors’ shareholdings are ring-fenced to ensure they meet the minimum shareholding requirement, including for two years after
leaving. This means that even if the shares are vested, they are blocked until the end of the minimum shareholding requirement period (excluding
any shares above the minimum shareholding requirement).


Executive Directors’ and their connected persons’ interests in shares and share ownership (Audited)
                                                                                                        Shares held as at                      Shares held as at
                                                                         Actual share
                              Share ownership                        ownership as a %                     1 January 2021                    31 December 2021(b)
                              guideline as % of   Have guidelines     of fixed pay (as
                            fixed pay (as at 31 been met (as at 31    at 31 December
                               December 2021)     December 2021)               2021)(a)           PLC            PLC ADS                 PLC           PLC ADS
CEO: Alan Jope                          500%                  Yes               789%          37,508            214,714              43,251           223,140
CFO: Graeme Pitkethly                   400%                  Yes               717%         144,366                  —             182,058                    —
(a) Calculated based on the minimum shareholding requirements and methodology set out above and the headline fixed pay for the CEO and CFO as at 31 December
    2021 (€1,560,780 for the CEO and €1,175,719 for the CFO).
(b) PLC shares are ordinary 31/9p shares. Includes annual bonus deferral shares dividend accrual, which is reinvested.


During the period between 31 December 2021 and 24 February 2022, the following changes in interests have occurred:
▪ Graeme Pitkethly purchased 6 PLC shares under the PLC ShareBuy Plan: 3 on 11 January 2022 at a share price of £39.20, and a further 3 on
  8 February 2022 at a share price of £38.64; and
▪ as detailed under heading (D) on page 91, on 16 February 2022:
  ▪ Alan Jope acquired 14,252 PLC ADS shares following the vesting of his 2018 MCIP award; and
  ▪ Graeme Pitkethly acquired 13,280 PLC shares following the vesting of his 2018 MCIP award.

The voting rights of the Directors (Executive and Non-Executive) and members of the ULE who hold interests in the share capital of PLC are the
same as for other holders of the class of shares indicated. As at 24 February 2022, none of the Directors’ (Executive and Non-Executive) or other ULE
members’ shareholdings amounted to more than 1% of the issued shares in that class of share. All shareholdings in the table above are beneficial.
On page 76 the full share capital of PLC has been described. Pages 131 and 132 set out how many shares Unilever held to satisfy the awards under
the share plans.


Information in relation to outstanding share incentive awards
As at 31 December 2021, Alan Jope held awards over a total of 139,664 shares which are subject to performance conditions and a total of
5,743 shares which are not subject to performance conditions, and Graeme Pitkethly held awards over a total of 112,343 shares which are subject
to performance conditions and a total of 3,461 shares which are not subject to performance conditions. There are no awards of shares in the form
of options.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                 95




Annual bonus deferral shares (Audited)
The following bonus deferral shares were outstanding at 31 December 2021 under the Unilever Share Plan 2017:
                                                                                                                                                                 Balance of
                                                                                                                                                              bonus deferral
                                                                                                                                                                shares at 31
                                                                                                                                                                  December
                                                                                                                                                Share type           2021(a)
Alan Jope                                                                                                                                             PLC           5,743(b)
Graeme Pitkethly                                                                                                                                      PLC           3,461(c)
(a) Annual bonus deferral shares accrue dividends, which are reinvested.
(b) This includes a grant of 5,743 PLC shares made on 7 May 2021 (vesting 7 May 2024).
(c) This includes a grant of 3,461 PLC shares made on 7 May 2021 (vesting 7 May 2024).


PSP (Audited)
The following conditional shares were outstanding at 31 December 2021 under the PSP:

                          Balance of      Conditional
                         conditional           shares                                                                                                           Balance of
                   shares at January        awarded                                                                                                     conditional shares
                                2021          in 2021                                                                                                 at 31 December 2021
                                         Performance                            Dividend
                                                period                             shares
                                            1 January                                                                          Additional
                                                                                 accrued
                                               2021 to                                                                            shares
                     Share     No. of    31 December            Price at       during the     Vested in                         earned in
                      type    shares             2023            award              year(c)     2021(d) Price at vesting             2021     Shares lapsed    No. of shares
Alan Jope              PLC        —          61,233(a)          £42.73             1,680             —                —                —                —           62,913




                                                                                                                                                                                GOVERNANCE REPORT
Graeme
                       PLC                   36,901(b)          £42.73             1,012             —                —
Pitkethly                         —                                                                                                    —                —           37,913
(a)   This includes a grant of 61,233 PLC shares made on 7 May 2021 (vesting 7 May 2024).
(b)   This includes a grant of 36,901 PLC shares made on 7 May 2021 (vesting 7 May 2024).
(c)   Reflects reinvested dividend equivalents accrued during 2021 and subject to the same performance conditions as the underlying performance shares.
(d)   First year of grant, no vesting to take place until 2024.


MCIP (Audited)
The following conditional shares vested during 2021 or were outstanding at 31 December 2021 under the MCIP:

                                                            Balance of
                                                           conditional
                                                             shares at
                                                         January 2021                                                  Balance of conditional shares at 31 December 2021
                                                                             Dividend
                                                                       shares accrued                                          Additional
                                               Share                       during the          Vested in                    shares earned
                                                type     No. of shares          year(c)          2021(d) Price at vesting        in 2021(e)   Shares lapsed    No. of shares
                                                 PLC         58,233(a)              2,137            —                —                 —                —          60,370
Alan Jope
                                           PLC ADS           25,414(a)                587        7,985        US$55.74                  —            1,635          16,381
Graeme Pitkethly                                 PLC         83,914(b)              2,653       10,074           £40.06                 —            2,063          74,430
(a) This includes a grant of 8,607 PLC ADS shares made on 17 May 2017 (which vested on 16 February 2021), a grant of 14,454 PLC ADS shares made on 23 April 2018
    (vesting on 16 February 2022), a grant of 16,668 PLC shares on 23 April 2019 (vesting on 9 February 2023) and a grant of 39,594 PLC shares on 24 April 2020 (vesting on
    15 February 2024) and 2,353 PLC ADS shares and 1,971 PLC shares from reinvested dividends accrued in prior years in respect of awards. Please note, any Unilever N.V.
    shares were converted to PLC shares on unification in November 2020, which is why only Unilever PLC shares are provided in this table.
(b) This includes a grant of 5,423 each NV and PLC shares made on 17 May 2017 (which vested on 16 February 2021), a grant of 12,408 of each NV and PLC shares made
    on 3 May 2018 (vesting on 16 February 2022), a grant of 19,196 PLC shares on 23 April 2019 (vesting on 9 February 2023) and a grant of 23,795 PLC shares on 24 April
    2020 (vesting on 15 February 2024), 5,261 PLC shares from reinvested dividends accrued in prior years in respect of awards. Please note, any Unilever N.V. shares were
    converted to PLC shares on unification in November 2020, which is why only Unilever PLC shares are provided in this table.
(c) Reflects reinvested dividend equivalents accrued during 2021, subject to the same performance conditions as the underlying matching shares.
(d) The 17 May 2017 grant vested on 16 February 2021 at 83% for both Alan Jope and Graeme Pitkethly.
(e) This includes any additional shares earned and accrued dividends as a result of a business performance multiplier on vesting below 100%.


GSIP (Audited)
The following conditional shares vested during 2021 or were outstanding at 31 December 2021 under the GSIP:

                                    Balance of conditional shares at
                                                     January 2021(a)                                                    Balance of conditional shares at 31 December 2021
                                                                                 Dividend                                      Additional
                                              Share                        shares accrued      Vested in                    shares earned
                                               type      No. of shares     during the year         2021 Price at vesting           in 2021    Shares lapsed    No. of shares
Alan Jope                                       n/a              n/a                   n/a          n/a              n/a              n/a              n/a              n/a
Graeme Pitkethly                                PLC         28,149(b)                    —    14,638(c)          £39.80               —(d)          13,511                  —
(a) In accordance with the Remuneration Policy adopted by shareholders in May 2018, no GSIP award has been granted after 2018. Alan Jope’s last GSIP vested in 2020.
    Graeme Pitkethly’s last GSIP vested in 2021.
(b) This includes a grant of 12,772 of each NV and PLC shares made on 16 February 2018 (which vested on 17 February 2021), 1,298 PLC EUR and 1,307 PLC shares from
    reinvested dividends accrued in prior years in respect of awards. Please note, any Unilever N.V. shares were converted to PLC shares on unification in November 2020,
    which is why only Unilever PLC shares are provided in this table.
(c) The 16 February 2018 grant vested on 17 February 2021 at 52% for Graeme Pitkethly.
(d) This includes any additional shares earned and accrued dividends as result of a business performance multiplier on vesting above 100%.
96                                                                                                                    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued




Executive Directors' service contracts
Starting dates of our Executive Directors’ service contracts:
▪ Alan Jope: 1 January 2019 (signed on 16 December 2020); and
▪ Graeme Pitkethly: 1 October 2015 (signed on 16 December 2015).
Service contracts are available to shareholders to view at the AGMs or on request from the Group Secretary, and can be terminated with
12 months’ notice from Unilever or six months’ notice from the Executive Director. A payment in lieu of notice can be made of no more than one
year’s fixed pay and other benefits. Other payments that can be made to Executive Directors in the event of loss of office are disclosed in our
Remuneration Policy.
See the remuneration topics section of our website for a copy of the Remuneration Policy.



Payments to former Directors (Audited)
The table below shows the 2021 payments to Paul Polman in accordance with arrangements made with him upon his stepping down as CEO on
31 December 2018 and his retirement from employment with Unilever effective 2 July 2019. These arrangements were disclosed in the 2018 DRR.

Paul Polman                                                                                                                                                        (€'000)
Benefits(a)                                                                                                                                                            74
MCIP 2018-2021 (pro-rated)(b)                                                                                                                                         779
Total Remuneration                                                                                                                                                    853
(a) This includes tax preparation fees and social security.
(b) Actual time pro-rated MCIP vesting (87%) on 16 February 2022 of 17,095 Unilever PLC shares at a closing share price of €45.58 on vesting date. Vesting based on MCIP
    2021 outcomes on page 91.


There have been no other payments to former Directors nor have there been any payments for loss of office during the year.


Implementation of the Remuneration Policy for Non-Executive Directors
There was no increase to Non-Executive Director fees in 2021. Following a review in 2021, the Committee decided to keep Non-Executive Director
fees the same for 2022. The Committee will review the fees again in 2022.
The table below outlines the current fee structure with fees set in euros and paid by Unilever PLC (in sterling) shown using the average exchange
rate over the year of £1 = €0.8605 (rounded).
                                                                                                                                                 2022                2021
Roles and responsibilities                                                                                                               Annual Fee €        Annual Fee €
Basic Non-Executive Director Fee                                                                                                              95,753               95,753
Chair (all-inclusive)                                                                                                                        732,225             732,225
Senior Independent Director (modular)                                                                                                         45,060               45,060
Member of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee                                                                                       16,898               16,898
Member of Compensation Committee                                                                                                              20,277               20,277
Member of Corporate Responsibility Committee                                                                                                  16,898               16,898
Member of Audit Committee                                                                                                                     25,910               25,910
Chair of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee                                                                                        33,795               33,795
Chair of Compensation Committee                                                                                                               33,795               33,795
Chair of Corporate Responsibility Committee                                                                                                   33,795               33,795
Chair of Audit Committee                                                                                                                      45,060               45,060

All reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by Non-Executive Directors in the course of performing their duties are considered to be business
expenses and so are reimbursed. Non-Executive Directors also receive expenses relating to the attendance of their spouse or partner, when they
are invited by Unilever.
Note, the Committee decided to update the foreign exchange (FX) rate used to disclose Non-Executive Director fees from 1 January 2022 to align
with the FX rate used for other reporting in the DRR (i.e. average FX rate for the reporting year (€1 = £0.8605 for 2021) rather than a fixed exchange
rate). This explains the change to the 2021 annual fees set out above compared to the 2020 DRR. Non-Executive Director fees are paid in GBP,
therefore, actual pay to Non-Executive Directors will remain consistent.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                   97




Single figure of remuneration in 2021 for Non-Executive Directors (Audited)
The table below shows a single figure of remuneration for each of our Non-Executive Directors, for the years 2020 and 2021.

                                                                                                          2021                                                           2020
                                                                                                        Total
                                                                Fees(a)         Benefits(b)      remuneration                   Fees(a)        Benefits(b) Total remuneration
Non-Executive Director                                           €'000              €'000               €'000                    €'000             €'000                €'000
Nils Andersen(c)                                                  755                    –                 755                    778                   –                 778
Laura Cha(d)                                                      137                    –                 137                    134                   –                 134
Vittorio Colao(e)                                                  22                    –                  22                    138                   –                 138
Marijn Dekkers(f)                                                    –                   –                    –                    47                   –                  47
Judith Hartmann(g)                                                126                    –                 126                    129                   –                 129
Adrian Hennah(h)                                                   21                    –                  21                       –                  –                      –
Andrea Jung(i)                                                    180                    –                 180                    135                   –                 135
Susan Kilsby(j)                                                   126                    –                 126                    129                   –                 129
Ruby Lu(k)                                                         23                    –                  23                       –                  –                      –
Strive Masiyiwa(l)                                                134                    –                 134                    138                   –                 138
Youngme Moon(m)                                                   132                    –                 132                    168                   –                 168
John Rishton(n)                                                   145                    –                 145                    150                   –                 150
Feike Sijbesma(o)                                                 134                    –                 134                    138                   –                 138
Total                                                           1,935                    –               1,935                  2,084                   –              2,084
(a) This includes fees received from Unilever for 2020 and 2021 respectively. Includes basic Non-Executive Director fee and committee chairship and/or membership.
    Where relevant, amounts for 2020 have been translated into euros using the average exchange rate over 2020 (€1 = £0.8877). Amounts for 2021 have been translated
    into euros using the average exchange rate over 2021 (€1 = £0.8605).




                                                                                                                                                                                   GOVERNANCE REPORT
(b) The only benefit received relates to travel by spouses or partners where they are invited by Unilever. There was no travel by the spouses or partners in 2021 due to the
    Covid-19 pandemic.
(c) Chair, Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and member of the Compensation Committee.
(d) Member of the Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
(e) Stepped down from the Board and Chair of the Compensation Committee on 18 February 2021.
(f) Retired from the Board at the May 2020 AGM.
(g) Member of the Audit Committee.
(h) Member of the Audit Committee and appointed to the Board with effect from 1 November 2021.
(i) Senior Independent Director and member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee from the May 2021 AGM and Chair of the Compensation
    Committee from 18 February 2021.
(j) Member of the Audit Committee.
(k) Member of the Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and appointed to the Board with effect from 1 November 2021.
(l) Chair of the Corporate Responsibility Committee.
(m) Member of the Corporate Responsibility Committee. Stepped down as Senior Independent Director from the May 2021 AGM.
(n) Chair of the Audit Committee.
(o) Member of the Corporate Responsibility Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.


We do not grant our Non-Executive Directors any personal loans or guarantees or any variable remuneration, nor are they entitled to any
severance payments.


Percentage change in remuneration of Non-Executive Directors
The table below shows the five-year history year-on-year percentage change for fees and other benefits for the current Non-Executive Directors.

                                                                                                                  Total Remuneration(a)
                                                                            % change from        % change from         % change from      % change from       % change from
Non-Executive Director                                                        2020 to 2021         2019 to 2020          2018 to 2019       2017 to 2018        2016 to 2017
Nils Andersen                                                                        -3.0%              253.9%                 69.2%              16.1%               -12.5%
Laura Cha                                                                             2.3%               10.8%                  5.2%                7.5%              -10.1%
Vittorio Colao(b)                                                                   -83.8%               -19.9%                35.4%              23.3%                -3.7%
Judith Hartmann                                                                      -3.0%               -11.4%                14.1%              14.3%                -8.2%
Adrian Hennah(c)                                                                          –                    –                     –                  –                      –
Andrea Jung(d)                                                                       32.8%               11.8%                 51.3%                    –                      –
Susan Kilsby                                                                         -3.0%              144.0%                       –                  –                      –
Ruby Lu(e)                                                                                –                    –                     –                  –                      –
Strive Masiyiwa                                                                      -3.0%                -0.9%                 6.1%              18.0%                56.3%
Youngme Moon(f)                                                                     -21.4%                -0.8%                15.0%              42.7%                45.1%
John Rishton                                                                         -3.0%               -10.9%                17.5%              12.6%                -9.3%
Feike Sijbesma                                                                       -3.0%                -0.9%                 3.0%                6.3%               -3.8%
(a) Non-Executive Directors receive an annual fixed fee and do not receive any Company performance-related payment. Therefore, the year-on-year % changes are mainly
    due to changes in committee chair or memberships, mid-year appointments of Non-Executive Directors, fee increases as disclosed in earlier directors’ remuneration
    reports and changes in the average sterling: euro exchange rates. Susan Kilsby joined Unilever in August 2019 and therefore her change from 2019 to 2020 shows a
    larger % change than for a usual mid-year joiner. Nils Andersen became Chair in November 2019, hence his larger % increase from 2019 to 2020.
(b) Stepped down as Director on 18 February 2021.
(c) Member of the Audit Committee and appointed to the Board with effect from 1 November 2021.
(d) Senior Independent Director and member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee with effect from May 2021 AGM and Chair of the Compensation
    Committee from 18 February 2021.
(e) Member of Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and appointed to the Board with effect from 1 November 2021.
(f) Stepped down as Senior Independent Director with effect from May 2021 AGM.
98                                                                                                                   Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued




Non-Executive Directors’ interests in shares (Audited)
Non-Executive Directors are encouraged to build up a personal shareholding of at least 100% of their annual fees over the five years from
appointment. The table shows the interests in Unilever PLC ordinary shares as at 1 January 2021 and Unilever PLC ordinary shares as at
31 December 2021 of Non-Executive Directors and their connected persons. This is set against the minimum shareholding recommendation. There
has been no change in these interests between 31 December 2021 and 24 February 2022 (other than Adrian Hennah, who bought 4,000 PLC shares
on 11 February 2022 at a share price of £37.63 and Strive Masiyiwa, who bought 520 PLC shares on 15 February 2022 at a share price of £38.34).
                                                                                                                                                             Actual share
                                                                                                                                                         ownership as a %
                                                                                                                                                              of NED fees
                                                                                             Shares held at                            Shares held at            (as at 31
Non-Executive Director                                                        Share type 31 December 2021             Share type       1 January 2021     December 2021)
Nils Andersen                                                                       PLC              21,014                 PLC                21,014               129%
Laura Cha                                                                           PLC               3,518                 PLC                 3,518               119%
Vittorio Colao(a)                                                                   PLC               5,600                 PLC                 5,600             1,177%
Judith Hartmann                                                                     PLC               2,500                 PLC                 2,500                 92%
Adrian Hennah(b)                                                                    PLC                   —                 n/a                   n/a                 —%
Andrea Jung                                                                         PLC               4,576                 PLC                 4,576               118%
Susan Kilsby                                                                        PLC               2,250                 PLC                 1,250                 83%
Ruby Lu(c)                                                                          PLC                   —                 n/a                   n/a                 —%
Strive Masiyiwa                                                                     PLC               3,010                 PLC                 1,130               104%
Youngme Moon                                                                   PLC ADS                3,500            PLC ADS                  3,500               125%
John Rishton                                                                        PLC               6,596                 PLC                 5,340               210%
Feike Sijbesma                                                                      PLC              10,000                 PLC                10,000               345%
(a) Stepped down as Director on 18 February 2021. Shares held as at 18 February 2021.
(b) Appointed with effect from 1 November 2021.
(c) Appointed with effect from 1 November 2021.


Non-Executive Directors' letters of appointment
All Non-Executive Directors were reappointed to the Board at the 2021 AGM.(a)

Non-Executive Director                                                          Date first appointed to the Board                  Effective date of current appointment(a)
Nils Andersen                                                                                     30 April 2015                                              5 May 2021
Laura Cha                                                                                          15 May 2013                                               5 May 2021
Vittorio Colao                                                                                       1 July 2015                                                      n/a
Judith Hartmann                                                                                   30 April 2015                                              5 May 2021
Adrian Hennah                                                                                1 November 2021                                          1 November 2021
Andrea Jung                                                                                         3 May 2018                                               5 May 2021
Susan Kilsby                                                                                     1 August 2019                                               5 May 2021
Ruby Lu                                                                                      1 November 2021                                          1 November 2021
Strive Masiyiwa                                                                                   21 April 2016                                              5 May 2021
Youngme Moon                                                                                      21 April 2016                                              5 May 2021
John Rishton                                                                                       15 May 2013                                               5 May 2021
Feike Sijbesma                                                                               1 November 2014                                                 5 May 2021
(a) With the exception of Adrian Hennah and Ruby Lu who were appointed by the Board with effect from 1 November 2021 and appointment to be confirmed at the
    2022 AGM and Vittorio Colao who stepped down as Director on 18 February 2021. The unexpired term for all Non-Executive Directors’ letters of appointment is the
    period up to the 2022 AGM, as they all, unless they are retiring, submit themselves for annual reappointment.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                         99




Other disclosures related to Directors' remuneration (Unaudited)
Unilever regularly looks at pay ratios throughout the Group, and the pay ratio between each work level, and we have disclosed this for a number
of years. The table below provides a detailed breakdown of the fixed and variable pay elements for each of our UK work levels, showing how each
work level compares to the CEO and CFO in 2021 (with equivalent figures from 2020 included for comparison purposes).


CEO/CFO Pay Ratio Comparison (split by fixed/variable pay)




  WL1     CEO = 56.0 x WL1 | CFO = 48.1 x WL1
          CEO = 77.7 x WL1 | CFO = 54.6 x WL1


          CEO = 26.2 x WL2 | CFO = 22.5 x WL2
  WL2
          CEO = 43.8 x WL2 | CFO = 30.8 x WL2


              CEO = 14.1 x WL3 | CFO = 12.1 x WL3
  WL3
              CEO = 18.8 x WL3 | CFO = 13.2 x WL3


                 CEO = 7.1 x WL4 | CFO = 6.1 x WL4
  WL4
                  CEO = 9.0 x WL4 | CFO = 6.3 x WL4


                             CEO = 2.9 x WL5 | CFO = 2.5 x WL5
  WL5
                                CEO = 3.5 x WL5 | CFO = 2.5 x WL5


                                            CEO = 1.6 x WL6 | CFO = 1.3 x WL6
  WL6
                                                           CEO = 1.5 x WL6 | CFO = 1.1 x WL6




                                                                                                                                                      GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                        CEO = 1.2 x CFO
  CFO
                                                                 CEO = 1.4 x CFO


  CEO

        €0m            €1m            €2m             €3m             €4m            €5m       €6m   €7m   €8m   €9m   €10m   €11m       €12m

          2021 Fixed           2021 Variable            2020 Fixed          2020 Variable




Figures for the CEO and CFO are calculated using the data from the Executive Directors’ single figure table on page 89. The year-on-year
comparison reflects an increase in total compensation for the Executive Directors in 2021 following the significant drop in total compensation for
the Executive Directors as a result of the lower performance outcomes on bonus and LTI in 2020. The numbers are further impacted by fluctuation
in the exchange rates used to convert pay elements denominated in pounds sterling to euros for reporting purposes. Where relevant, amounts
for 2020 have been translated using the average exchange rate over 2020 (€1 = £0.8877), and amounts for 2021 have been translated using the
average exchange rate over 2021 (€1 = 0.8605).


Annual bonus and LTI for the UK employees were not calculated following the statutory method for single figure pay. Instead, variable pay figures
were calculated using:
▪ target annual bonus values multiplied by the actual bonus performance ratio for the respective year (disregarding personal performance
  multipliers, which equal out across the population as a whole); and
▪ MCIP values calculated at an appropriate average for the relevant work level of employees, i.e. an average 20% investment of bonus for
  WL2 employees; 45% for WL3 employees; 60% for WL4-5 employees; and 100% for WL6 employees, multiplied by the actual MCIP business
  performance ratio.
Fixed pay figures reflect all elements of pay (including allowances) and benefits paid in cash.
100                                                                                                       Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued




CEO pay ratio comparison
The table below is included to meet UK requirements and shows how pay for the CEO compares to our UK employees at the 25th percentile,
median and 75th percentile.

Year                                                                                25th Percentile Median Percentile   75th Percentile   Mean Pay Ratio
Year ended 31 December 2021                Salary:                                       £34,560            £42,668          £58,869
                                           Pay and benefits
                                           (excluding pension):                          £48,229            £60,306          £90,335
                                           Pay ratio (Option A):                               87                 70                47               63
Year ended 31 December 2020                Salary:                                       £34,298            £41,010           £55,000
                                           Pay and benefits
                                           (excluding pension):                          £45,713            £55,751           £80,670
                                           Pay ratio (Option A):                               67                 55                38               50
Year ended 31 December 2019                Salary:                                       £38,510            £45,154           £59,988
                                           Pay and benefits
                                           (excluding pension):                          £50,689            £61,086           £87,982
                                           Pay ratio (Option A):                               83                 69                48               51

Figures for the CEO are calculated using the data from the Executive Directors’ single figure table on page 89 translated into sterling using the
average exchange rate over 2020 (€1 = £0.8877) and 2021 (€1 = £0.8605).
Option A was used to calculate the pay and benefits (including pension) of the 25th percentile, median and 75th percentile UK employees because
the data was readily available for all UK employees of the Group and Option A is the most accurate method (as it is based on total full-time
equivalent total reward for all UK employees for the relevant financial year). Figures are calculated by reference to 31 December 2021, and the
respective salary and pay and benefits figures for each quartile are set out in the table above. Full-time equivalent figures are calculated on a pro-
rated basis.
Variable pay figures for the UK employees are calculated on the basis set out in the paragraph for other work levels below the ‘CEO/CFO pay ratio
comparison’ table. The reason for this is it would be unduly onerous to recalculate these figures when, based on a sample, the impact of such
recalculation is expected to be minimal.
Year-on-year comparisons reflects the increase in performance related pay outcomes in 2021 compared to 2020. CEO total pay in 2021 increased
by 42% from 2020, notably due to performance related pay, which form a larger portion of CEO pay. In comparison, total pay for UK employees
increased by 8% (at median percentile) given a high proportion of UK employees are below management level and therefore have a lower
weighting on performance related pay compared to the CEO. For the overall UK employee calculation, total pay has increased by approximately
8% (at median percentile), which is aligned to our defined peer group at the 50th percentile (market median), that we benchmark against on a
yearly basis. The median ratio is considered to be consistent with the pay, reward and progression policies within Unilever as the Remuneration
Policy is applicable across our 14,300+ managers throughout the whole business worldwide.
Additionally, in the UK we are required to show additional disclosures on the rates of change in pay year on year. The pay ratios set out above are
more meaningful as they compare to the pay of all of our UK employees. By contrast, the UK regulations require us to show the percentages below
based on employees of our PLC top company only, which forms a relatively small proportion of our total UK workforce. So, whilst operationally we
may pay greater attention to our internal pay ratios (included above in the ‘CEO/CFO pay ratio comparison’ table), these required figures are set
out on the following page.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                              101




Percentage change in remuneration of Executive Directors (CEO/CFO)
The table below shows the five-year history of year-on-year percentage change for fixed pay, other benefits (excluding pension) and bonus for
the CEO, CFO and PLC’s employees (based on total full-time equivalent total reward for the relevant financial year) pursuant to UK requirements.
The respective changes in percentages in fees for our Non-Executive Directors are included in the table ‘Percentage change in remuneration
of Non-Executive Directors’ on page 97.

                                                                                                                                      Other benefits
                                                                                                                                      (not including
                                                                                                                     Fixed pay              pension)                Bonus
% change from 2020 to 2021                   CEO(a)(b)                                                                   1.7%                 35.7%                 71.6%
                                             CFO(a)(c)                                                                   1.8%                 23.7%                 71.7%
                                             PLC employees(d)                                                          -19.3%                 -2.2%                -10.6%
% change from 2019 to 2020                   CEO(a)(b)                                                                    4.0%                36.6%                -39.1%
                                             CFO(a)                                                                       3.0%                40.7%                -39.7%
                                             PLC employees(d)                                                             1.7%                30.2%                  -3.0%
% change from 2018 to 2019                   CEO(a)                                                                      -9.5%               -92.3%                  -7.4%
                                             CFO(a)                                                                       4.2%                  4.8%                  7.9%
                                             PLC employees(d)                                                           15.0%                  -5.2%                  9.7%
% change from 2017 to 2018                   CEO(a)                                                                     11.3%                -19.2%                -16.5%
                                             CFO(a)                                                                       8.2%                  8.3%               -10.5%
                                             PLC employees(d)                                                             8.4%                 -5.0%                 -3.9%
% change from 2016 to 2017                   CEO(a)                                                                      -6.9%                  5.0%                  0.8%
                                             CFO(a)(c)                                                                   -2.2%                 -5.5%                21.1%
                                             PLC employees(d)                                                            -6.8%                 -7.0%                14.5%




                                                                                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
% change from 2015 to 2016                   CEO(a)                                                                     -11.0%                 -5.1%               -11.0%
                                             CFO(a)(c)                                                                  -30.8%               -32.2%                 14.3%
                                             PLC employees(d)                                                           10.1%                 19.1%                 16.6%
(a) Calculated using the data from the Executive Directors’ single figure table on page 89 (for information on exchange rates, please see the footnotes in that table).
(b) The increase in fixed pay for the CEO and CFO in 2021 reflects the pay increase awarded from 1 July 2021, as explained in the Committee Chair's letter on page 85.
    As a result of a higher formulaic outcome for the 2021 bonus, the bonus increased compared to the previous year (2020). Conversely, a lower formulaic outcome for
    the 2020 bonus resulted in the bonus from 2019 to 2020 decreasing. As at 1 January 2020, the tax gross-up has been added in the cost instead of in base salary and
    therefore the other benefits increased from 2019 to 2020 compared to prior years. As at 1 January 2019, Alan Jope succeeded Paul Polman as CEO and therefore the
    CEO remuneration from 2018 to 2019 decreased compared to prior years as Alan Jope’s fixed pay was set at a level lower than Paul Polman’s.
(c) The increase in fixed pay for the CEO and CFO in 2021 reflects the pay increase awarded from 1 July 2021, as explained in the Committee Chair's letter on page 85.
    As a result of a higher formulaic outcome for the 2021 bonus, the bonus increased compared to the previous year (2020). Conversely, a lower formulaic outcome for
    the 2020 bonus resulted in the bonus from 2019 to 2020 decreasing. As at 1 January 2020, the tax gross-up has been added in the cost instead of in base salary and
    therefore the other benefits increased from 2019 to 2020 compared to prior years. Graeme Pitkethly succeeded Jean-Marc Huet as an Executive Director as per 21 April
    2016, although he assumed the role of CFO as from October 2015. As a result, the figure for 2016 includes payments from May 2016 onwards.
(d) For the PLC employees, fixed pay numbers have been restated to include cash-related benefits employees receive as part of their total compensation, to ensure
    we can accurately compare fixed pay for them against that of the CEO and CFO. Such cash-related benefits include car allowance, acting-up allowance, transport
    allowance, training instructor allowance and fixed pay protection allowance. Figures are also affected by changes in the average sterling: euro exchange rates, as well
    as changes in the number of employees, including more junior employees than in 2020.
102                                                                                                                      Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued




Relative importance of spend on pay
The chart below shows the relative spend on pay compared with dividends paid to Unilever shareholders and underlying earnings. Underlying
earnings represent the underlying profit attributable to Unilever shareholders and provides a good reference point to compare spend on pay.
The chart below shows the percentage of movement in underlying earnings, dividends and total staff costs versus the previous year.




(a) In calculating underlying profit attributable to shareholders, net profit attributable to shareholders is adjusted to eliminate the post-tax impact of non-underlying
    items in operating profit and any other significant unusual terms within net profit but not operating profit (see note 7 on page 135 for details).
(b) Includes share buy-back of €3,018m in 2021.


CEO single figure ten-year history
The table below shows the ten-year history of the CEO single figure of total remuneration:

                                                             2012        2013       2014        2015        2016        2017        2018        2019        2020        2021
CEO single figure of total remuneration
(€‘000)                                                    7,852       7,740       9,561      10,296       8,370      11,661      11,726       4,894       3,447       4,890
Annual bonus award rates against
maximum opportunity                                        100%          78%         66%         92%         92%       100%          51%         55%         32%        54%
GSIP performance shares vesting rates
against maximum opportunity                                  55%         64%         61%         49%         35%         74%         66%         60%         n/a            n/a
MCIP matching shares vesting rates against
maximum opportunity                                          n/a         n/a         81%         65%         47%         99%         88%         n/a         42%        44%
                                  Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                        103




                                  Ten-year historical Total Shareholder Return (TSR) performance
                                  The graph below includes growth in the value of a hypothetical £100 investment over ten years’ FTSE 100 comparison based on 30-trading-day
                                  average values.
                                  The table below shows Unilever’s performance against the FTSE 100 Index, which is the most relevant index in the UK where we have our principal
                                  listing. Unilever is a constituent of this index.


                                  Ten-year
                                  400      historical TSR performance


                                  350




Value of hypothetical £ holding
                                  300




                                  250




                                  200




                                  150




                                                                                                                                                                                         GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                  100




                                   50

                                           Dec 11         Dec 12        Dec 13    Dec 14       Dec 15       Dec 16       Dec 17       Dec 18       Dec 19       Dec 20      Dec 21

                                           Unilever PLC      FTSE 100




                                  Serving as a Non-Executive Director on the board of another company
                                  Unilever recognises the benefit to the individual and the Group of senior executives acting as directors of other companies in terms of broadening
                                  Directors’ knowledge and experience, but the number of outside directorships of listed companies is generally limited to one per Executive
                                  Director. The remuneration and fees earned from that particular outside listed directorship may be retained (see ‘Independence and Conflicts’
                                  on page 69 for further details).
                                  For the reason above, Graeme Pitkethly is permitted to be a Non-Executive Director of Pearson PLC since 1 May 2019. In 2021, he received an annual
                                  fee of €108,077 (£93,000) (2020: €104,014 (£92,333)) (of which 25% of his basic fee was, in accordance with Pearson’s remuneration policy, delivered
                                  in Pearson shares) based on an average exchange rate over 2021 of €1 = £0.8605. Figures for 2020 have been translated in euros based on an
                                  average exchange rate over 2020 of €1 = £0.8877.
104                                                                                                    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued




The Compensation Committee
During 2021, the Committee met five times and its activities included:
▪ finalising the Remuneration Policy;
▪ determining the 2020 annual bonus outcome;
▪ determining vesting of the MCIP awards for the CEO, CFO and the ULE;
▪ determining vesting of the GSIP award for the CFO;
▪ setting the 2021 annual bonus and PSP 2021-2023 performance measures and targets;
▪ reviewing fixed pay for the CEO and CFO and fees for the Non-Executive Directors;
▪ tracking external developments and assessing their impact on Unilever’s Remuneration Policy and its implementation, in particular in the
  context of Covid-19;
▪ retrospectively reviewing how the Remuneration Policy landed with stakeholders;
▪ reviewing underlying reward principles, workforce pay, including pay philosophy and pay positioning;
▪ reviewing gender pay gap data;
▪ considering progress on the living wage commitment that is now extended to the wider supply chain; and
▪ assessing performance against 2021 SPI targets and setting 2022 SPI targets along with the CRC.


The Committee operates within its terms of reference which were last updated on 29 November 2020. The Committee’s terms of reference are
contained within ‘The Governance of Unilever’.
See the Board and Management Committees section of our website for a copy of the Committee's terms of reference.



As part of the Board evaluation carried out in 2021, the Board evaluated the performance of the Committee. The Committee also carried out
an assessment of its own performance in 2021. Overall, the Committee members concluded that the Committee is performing effectively. The
Committee has agreed to further enhance its effectiveness by continuing to monitor the effectiveness of performance measures for incentives
and their link to Company strategy and the assessment of the Company's talent bank and suitability for growth initiatives.


Advisers
While it is the Committee’s responsibility to exercise independent judgement, the Committee does request advice from management and
professional advisers, as appropriate, to ensure that its decisions are fully informed given the internal and external environment.
Fiona Camenzuli of PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) provided the Committee with independent advice on various matters it considered. During
2021, the wider PwC firm has also provided tax and consultancy services to Unilever including tax compliance, transfer pricing, other tax-
related services, managed legal services, internal audit advice and secondees, third-party risk and compliance advice, cyber security advice,
sustainability assurance and consulting, merger and acquisition support, and media assurance support. PwC is a member of the Remuneration
Consultants Group and, as such, voluntarily operates under the code of conduct in relation to executive remuneration consulting in the UK, which
is available online.
www.remunerationconsultantsgroup.com (Code of Conduct: Executive Remuneration Consulting)

The Committee is satisfied that the PwC engagement partner and team, which provide remuneration advice to the Committee, do not have
connections with PLC that might impair their independence. The Committee reviewed the potential for conflicts of interest and judged that
there were appropriate safeguards against such conflicts. The fees paid to PwC in relation to advice provided to the Committee in the year to
31 December 2021 were £137,100. This figure is calculated based on time spent and expenses incurred for the majority of advice provided, but
on occasion, for specific projects, a fixed fee may be agreed.
During the year, the Committee also sought input from the CEO (Alan Jope), the Chief Human Resources Officer (Leena Nair) and the VP Global
Head of Reward (Constantina Tribou) on various subjects including the remuneration of senior management. No individual Executive Director was
present when their own remuneration was being determined to ensure a conflict of interest did not arise, although the Committee has separately
sought and obtained Executive Directors’ own views when determining the amount and structure of their remuneration before recommending
individual packages to the Board for approval. The Committee also received legal and governance advice from the Chief Legal Officer and Group
Secretary (Ritva Sotamaa) and the Chief Counsel Executive Compensation & Employment (Margot Fransen).


Shareholder voting
Unilever remains committed to ongoing shareholder dialogue and takes an active interest in voting outcomes. In the event of a substantial
vote against a resolution in relation to Directors’ remuneration, Unilever would seek to understand the reasons for any such vote and would set
out in the following Annual Report and Accounts any actions in response to it. The following table sets out actual voting in respect of this and
previous report:

Voting outcome (% of votes)                                                                                   For           Against         Withheld
2020 Directors' Remuneration Report (2021 AGM)
(excluding the Directors' Remuneration Policy)                                                            96.88%             3.12%        7,962,282
2021 Directors' Remuneration Policy (2021 AGM)                                                            93.51%             6.49%        8,161,369


The Directors’ Remuneration Report has been approved by the Board, and signed on their behalf by Ritva Sotamaa, Chief Legal Officer and
Group Secretary.
Financial statements




Financial statements
106 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
107 Independent Auditor’s report
114 Consolidated financial statements
118 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
167 Unilever PLC company accounts and notes
176 Group Companies
187 Shareholder information
188 Additional Information for US Listing Purposes
106                                                                                                      Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Statement of Directors’                                                      Directors’ responsibility statement
responsibilities                                                             Each of the Directors confirms that, to the best of his or her knowledge:
                                                                             ▪ The Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021, taken as a whole, is
                                                                               fair, balanced and understandable, and provides the information
Annual accounts                                                                necessary for shareholders to assess the Company’s position and
The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and              performance, business model and strategy;
Accounts in accordance with applicable law and regulations. The              ▪ The financial statements which have been prepared in accordance
Directors are also required by the UK Companies Act 2006 to prepare            with international financial reporting standards (IFRS) as issued by
accounts for each financial year which give a true and fair view of the        the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), and UK-
state of affairs of the Unilever Group and PLC as at the end of the            adopted international accounting standards give a true and fair view
financial year and of the profit or loss and cash flows for that year.         of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the
                                                                               Company and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken
The Directors consider that, in preparing the accounts, the Group and          as a whole; and
PLC have used the most appropriate accounting policies, consistently         ▪ The Strategic Report includes a fair review of the development and
applied and supported by reasonable and prudent judgements and                 performance of the business and the position of PLC and the
estimates, and that all international financial reporting standards            undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole,
(IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB),       together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties
and UK-adopted international accounting standards, which they                  that they face.
consider to be applicable have been followed. The Directors are
responsible for preparing the Annual Report and Accounts including the       The Directors and their roles are listed on pages 72 to 73.
consolidated financial statements in the European single electronic
format in accordance with the requirements as set out in Commission          Going concern
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 with regard to regulatory technical
standards on the specification of a single electronic reporting format.      The activities of the Group, together with the factors likely to affect its
                                                                             future development, performance, the financial position of the Group,
The Directors have responsibility for ensuring that PLC keep accounting
                                                                             its cash flows, liquidity position and borrowing facilities are described
records which disclose with reasonable accuracy their financial position
                                                                             on pages 1 to 43. In addition, we describe in notes 15 to 18 on pages 144
and which enable the Directors to ensure that the accounts comply
                                                                             to 159 the Group’s objectives, policies and processes for managing its
with all relevant legislation. They also have a general responsibility for
                                                                             capital; its financial risk management objectives; details of its financial
taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the
                                                                             instruments and hedging activities and its exposures to credit and
assets of the Group, and to prevent and detect fraud and other
                                                                             liquidity risk. Although not assessed over the same period as going
irregularities.
                                                                             concern, the viability of the Group has been assessed on page 45.
This statement, which should be read in conjunction with the
                                                                             The Group has considerable financial resources together with
Independent Auditor's Report, is made with a view to distinguishing for
                                                                             established business relationships with many customers and suppliers
shareholders the respective responsibilities of the Directors and of the
                                                                             in countries throughout the world. As a consequence, the Directors
auditors in relation to the accounts.
                                                                             believe that the Group is well placed to manage its business risks
A copy of the financial statements of the Unilever Group is placed on        successfully for at least twelve months from the date of approval of
our website at www.unilever.com/investorrelations. The maintenance           the financial statements.
and integrity of the website are the responsibility of the Directors, and
                                                                             After making enquiries, the Directors consider it appropriate to adopt
the work carried out by the auditors does not involve consideration of
                                                                             the going concern basis of accounting in preparing this Annual Report
these matters. Accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for
                                                                             and Accounts.
any changes that may have occurred to the financial statements since
they were initially placed on the website. Legislation in the UK and the
Netherlands governing the preparation and dissemination of financial         Internal and disclosure controls and procedures
statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
                                                                             Please refer to pages 46 to 50 for a discussion of Unilever’s principal risk
                                                                             factors and to pages 44 to 50 for commentary on the Group’s approach
Independent auditors and disclosure of                                       to risk management and control.
information to auditors
UK law sets out additional responsibilities for the Directors of PLC
regarding disclosure of information to auditors. To the best of each
of the Directors’ knowledge and belief, and having made appropriate
enquiries, all information relevant to enabling the auditors to provide
their opinions on PLC’s consolidated and parent company accounts
has been provided. Each of the Directors has taken all reasonable
steps to ensure their awareness of any relevant audit information
and to establish that Unilever PLC’s auditors are aware of any
such information.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                       107




Independent Auditor's Report
Independent Auditor's report to the members of Unilever PLC

1. Our opinions are unmodified

What we have audited
We have audited the financial statements (“the Financial Statements”) of Unilever PLC (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 December 2021
which comprise the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 114 to 166 and the Company Accounts on pages 167 to 175, and the related
notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.
Our opinions
In our opinion the Financial Statements:
▪ give a true and fair view of the state of the Group’s and of the Company’s affairs as at 31 December 2021 and of the Group’s and of the
   Company’s profit for the year then ended;
▪ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards; and
▪ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Additional opinion in relation to IFRS as issued by the IASB
As explained in the accounting policies set out in the Consolidated Financial Statements, in addition to complying with its legal and regulatory
obligation to apply UK-adopted international accounting standards, the Group has also applied IFRS as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB). In our opinion, the Consolidated Financial Statements have been properly prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued
by the IASB.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities are
described below. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion. Our audit opinion is
consistent with our report to the Audit Committee.
We were appointed as auditor by the shareholders on 14 May 2014. The period of total uninterrupted engagement is for the eight financial years
ended 31 December 2021. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and we remain independent of the Group in accordance with, UK
ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard as applied to listed public interest entities. No non-audit services prohibited by that
standard were provided.

Overview

                                                                                                                  €380 million (2020: €380 million)
Materiality
                                                                                                                  4.4% (2020: 4.8%) of Group profit
Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole                                                                                      before taxation
Coverage                                                                                                                77% (2020: 78%) of revenue
Key Audit Matters – Consolidated Financial Statements
Recurring Key Audit Matters                Revenue recognition – Discounts                                   ↔
                                           Indirect tax contingent liabilities in Brazil                     ↔
New Key Audit Matters                      Disposal of Tea business - Presentation of Assets held for Sale
                                           Accounting for swap transaction of intellectual property
                                           rights (applicable to Company Accounts only)

↔ Similar risk to last year

Prior to the merger of Unilever PLC and Unilever N.V. on 29 November 2020, and as reported in previous years, the Unilever Group consisted of
Unilever PLC, Unilever N.V. and the entities they controlled and the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group were audited by both KPMG LLP
(KPMG LLP) and KPMG Accountants N.V. (KPMG NL). Following Unification in November 2020 the Group is represented by Unilever PLC and the
entities controlled by Unilever PLC and the Consolidated Financial Statements are therefore solely audited by KPMG LLP (Unilever N.V. ceased to
exist as of the merger date).

2. Key audit matters: Our assessment of risks of material misstatement
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the Financial Statements and
include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us, including those which had the




                                                                                                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. We
summarise below the key audit matters, in decreasing order of audit significance, in arriving at our audit opinions above, together with our key
audit procedures to address those matters and, as required, for public interest entities, our results from those procedures. These matters were
addressed, and our results are based on procedures undertaken, in the context of, and solely for the purpose of, our audit of the Financial
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and consequently are incidental to that opinion, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.
108                                                                                                       Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021


                              The key audit matter                               Our response and results
Revenue recognition –         Revenue is measured net of rebates, price          The following are the primary procedures we performed to
Discounts                     reductions, incentives given to customers,         address this key audit matter in a selected number of markets:
                              promotional couponing and trade                    • We evaluated the design and tested the operating
As discussed in the report
                              communication costs (‘’discounts’’).                 effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the
of the Audit Committee
                                                                                   revenue process including controls over the rebate
(page 78), note 2, note 13    Certain discounts for goods sold in the year
                                                                                   agreements, calculation of the rebate accrual and controls
and note 14 to the            are only finalised when the precise amounts
                                                                                   over rebate claims.
Consolidated Financial        are known and revenue therefore includes an
                                                                                 • Within the Group’s relevant markets, used the prior year
Statements, the rebate        estimate of variable consideration. The
                                                                                   rebate accrual together with our understanding of current
accrual was €4,004 million    variable consideration represents the portion
                                                                                   year developments to form an expectation of the rebate
as of 31 December 2021        of discounts that are not directly deducted
                                                                                   accrual at 31 December 2021. We compared this expectation
and €3,852 million as of      on the invoice and is complex as a result
                                                                                   against the actual rebate accrual, completing further
31 December 2020.             of diversity in the terms in contractual
                                                                                   corroborative inquiries and obtained underlying
                              arrangements with customers. The unsettled
                                                                                   documentation as appropriate.
                              portion of the variable consideration results in
                                                                                 • Tested a selection of recorded rebate accruals after
                              discounts due to customers at 31 December
                                                                                   31 December 2021 and assessed whether the accrual is
                              2021 (“rebate accrual”).
                                                                                   recorded in the proper period.
                              Therefore, there is a risk of revenue being        • Tested a selection of payments made after 31 December 2021
                              misstated as a result of incorrect calculation       and assessed whether the original accrual was recorded in
                              of the variable consideration.                       the proper period.
                                                                                 • Critically assessed manual journals recorded to revenue to
                              Within revenue recognition we identified the         identify unusual or irregular items and obtained underlying
                              rebate accrual as a key audit matter, as in          documentation.
                              a number of markets the rebate accrual is          • Assessed the adequacy of Group’s disclosures in respect of
                              significant and the terms in contractual             the rebate accrual.
                              arrangements with customers are not uniform.
                                                                                 Our results
                              This is considered to be an area which had a
                              significant effect on our overall audit strategy   The results of our testing were satisfactory (2020: satisfactory)
                              and allocation of resources in planning and        and we considered the rebate accrual disclosures to be
                              completing our audit as significant effort         acceptable (2020: acceptable).
                              was required in evaluating the contractual
                              arrangements and the related rebate accrual.
                              There is also a risk that revenue may be
                              overstated due to fraud through manipulation
                              of the rebate accrual recognised resulting
                              from the pressure management may feel to
                              achieve performance targets.
Indirect tax contingent       We identified the assessment of indirect tax       The following are the primary procedures we performed to
liabilities in Brazil         contingent liabilities in Brazil related to a      address this key audit matter:
                              2001 corporate reorganisation as a key             • We evaluated the design and tested the operating
As discussed in the Report
                              audit matter.                                        effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the
of the Audit Committee
                              In Brazil, there is a high degree of complexity      indirect tax process including controls around the assessment
(page 78) and note 20
                              involved in the local indirect tax regimes (both     of the outcome of investigations if a liability exists and the
to the Consolidated
                              state and federal) and jurisprudence, related        quantification of the potential economic outflow.
Financial Statements,
                              to certain corporate reorganisations. Due to       • We involved local indirect tax professionals with specialised
there are contingent
                              these complexities, there is a high degree of        skills and knowledge who assisted in:
liabilities reported for
                              judgement applied by the Group with respect          • assessing the appropriateness of the contingent liabilities
indirect taxes relating to
                              to the uncertainty of the outcome of this               compared to the nature of the exposures, applicable
disputes with the Brazilian
                              matter. Complex auditor’s judgement and                 regulations and related correspondence with the tax
authorities related
                              specialised skills were also required in                authorities; and
to a 2001 corporate
                              assessing the outcome of investigations by the       • assessing the impact of historical and recent judgements
reorganisation. The
                              authorities, if a liability exists and in making        passed by the court authorities in considering any legal
total amount of the tax
                              an estimate of any economic outflows.                   precedent or case law by inquiring of the Group’s external
assessments in respect
                                                                                      lawyers and inspection of relevant information, on the
of this matter is €2,549
                                                                                      likelihood of an outflow of economic resources.
million as of 31 December
                                                                                 • We inspected legal opinions from third party lawyers and
2021 and €2,040 million as
                                                                                   obtained formal confirmations from the Group’s external
of 31 December 2020.
                                                                                   lawyers and, where relevant, compared to the underlying
                                                                                   exposure.
                                                                                 Our results
                                                                                 The results of our testing were satisfactory (2020: satisfactory)
                                                                                 and we considered the Brazilian indirect tax contingent liability
                                                                                 disclosures to be acceptable (2020: acceptable).
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           109


                             The key audit matter                              Our response and results
Disposal of Tea business -   On 18 November 2021, Unilever announced           The following are the primary procedures we performed to
Presentation of Assets       that it had entered into an agreement to sell     address this key audit matter:
held for Sale                their global Tea business, ekaterra, to CVC       • We evaluated the design and tested the operating
                             Capital Partner Fund VIII for €4.5 billion and      effectiveness of the Group’s controls over the determination
As discussed in the Report
                             expects that the divestment will be completed       of the timing of the classification of the ekaterra assets and
of the Audit Committee
                             within the next 12 months of the balance sheet      liabilities as held for sale;
(page 78) and note 22
                             date. ekaterra continues to be reported within    • We assessed the Group’s application of the IFRS 5 criteria to
to the Consolidated
                             continuing operations and is recognised             present the ekaterra assets and liabilities as held for sale by
Financial Statements, the
                             as assets held for sale under IFRS 5, as at         evaluating compliance with IFRS 5 classification criteria;
assets held for sale and
                             31 December 2021. Liabilities closely             • We inspected the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement to
liabilities held for sale
                             associated with such assets held for sale have      identify the assets and liabilities relating to ekaterra; and
were €2,375 million and
                             been recognised as liabilities held for sale      • We assessed the adequacy of Group’s disclosures in respect
€820 million, respectively
                             under IFRS 5, as at 31 December 2021.               of the assets and liabilities held for sale.
as of 31 December 2021.
                             We identified the presentation of assets and       Our results
                             liabilities held for sale as a Key Audit Matter as
                                                                                The results of our testing were satisfactory and we found the
                             the application of IFRS 5 has higher complexity
                                                                                presentation of assets held for sale to be acceptable.
                             relative to other areas of the audit and
                             requires additional auditor effort, particularly
                             in evaluating the timing of when the asset
                             held for sale criteria has been met. This is
                             considered to be an area which had a
                             significant effect on our overall audit strategy
                             and allocation of resources in planning and
                             completing our audit.
Accounting for swap          On 1 January 2021, an intellectual property       The following are the primary procedures we performed to
transaction of intellectual swap transaction occurred between the              address this key audit matter:
property rights              Company and certain Group entities resulting      • We assessed the accounting for the transaction considering
                             in transfer of intellectual property related to     the requirements under the applicable financial reporting
(Applicable to Company
                             Foods and Refreshment by the Company to             standards.
Accounts only)
                             a Group entity in exchange for intellectual       • We involved tax professionals with specialised skills and
As discussed in the critical property related to Home Care and Beauty            knowledge to assist in evaluating the tax impact of the
accounting estimates and and Personal Care (HC BPC). Thereafter the              transaction, based on the applicable laws and regulations.
judgements section on        Company transferred the intellectual property     • We involved valuation professionals with specialised skills
page 171 and in note 4 of related to HC BPC to another Group entity. The         and knowledge to assist in evaluating the methodology
the Company Accounts,        Directors applied judgement to determine that       applied to determine the fair value.
the unrealised gain          the transaction had commercial substance          • We assessed the adequacy of disclosures in respect of this
recorded in income           and therefore was recorded at fair value.           transaction in the Company Accounts.
statement was £2,815
                             We identified the accounting for the              We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any
million and increase in
                             transaction as a key audit matter due to the      of the Company's controls because the nature of the balance is
investment in Unilever
                             magnitude of the unrealised gain in the           such that we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily
Global IP Limited was
                             context of the Company Accounts. We spent a       through the detailed procedures described.
£2,259 million for the year
                             significant amount of time and resources on
ended 31 December 2021.                                                        Our results
                             the transaction to assess the fair value of the
                             intangible assets, the interpretation of UK and   We found the accounting for the transaction to be acceptable.
                             Dutch tax law as well as the interpretation of
                             financial reporting standards.

In the prior year, we reported key audit matters in respect of uncertain direct tax transfer pricing provisions, valuation of Horlicks Brand acquired
from GSK and accounting for the Unification of Unilever’s Corporate structure. We continue to perform procedures over uncertain direct tax transfer
pricing provisions. However, pursuant to settlements with tax authorities in FY 2020 resulting in a reduction in the value and quantum of the
exposure, we have not assessed this as one of the most significant risks in our current year audit and, therefore, it is not separately identified in
our report this year. The key audit matters in relation to the valuation of Horlicks Brand acquired from GSK and accounting for the Unification of
Unilever’s Corporate structure related to transactions in 2020.

3. Our application of materiality and an overview of the scope of our audit
Materiality
Materiality for the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole was set at €380 million (2020: €380 million), determined with reference to a
benchmark of Group profit before taxation, of which it represents 4.4% (2020: 4.8%). Materiality for the Company Accounts as a whole was set at
£296 million (2020: £298 million), determined with reference to a benchmark of Company Net Assets, of which it represents 0.4% (2020: 0.4%).




                                                                                                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
In line with our audit methodology, our procedures on individual account balances and disclosures were performed to a lower threshold,
performance materiality, so as to reduce to an acceptable level the risk that individually immaterial misstatements in individual account balances
add up to a material amount across the financial statements as a whole.
Performance materiality for the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Company Accounts set at 75% (2020: 75%) of materiality for the
financial statements as a whole, which equates to €285 million for the Group (2020: €285 million) and £222 million (2020: £224 million) for the
Company. We applied this percentage in our determination of performance materiality because we did not identify any factors indicating an
elevated level of risk.
We agreed with the Audit Committee that any corrected or uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding €20 million (2020: €20 million) and
£14 million (2020: £15 million) which are identified during the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and Company Accounts respectively,
would be reported to them, as well as smaller misstatements that in our view must be reported on qualitative grounds.
Overall scope of our audit
The Group operates through a significant number of legal entities and these form reporting components that are primarily country based. To
provide sufficient coverage over the Group’s key audit matters, we performed audits of 15 components (2020: 15), which are included within ‘Audit
for group reporting purposes’ below, as well as audits of account balances including revenue and the related accounts receivables balances at a
further 22 (2020: 22) components which are included within ‘Audit of account balances’ below. The latter were not individually financially significant
enough to require an audit for group reporting purposes but were included in the scope of our group reporting work in order to provide
additional coverage.
The Group operates centralised operating centres in China, India, Mexico, Philippines and Poland that perform accounting and reporting activities
alongside related controls. Together, these operating centres process a substantial portion of the Group’s transactions. The outputs from the
centralised operating centres are included in the financial information of the reporting components they service and therefore they are not
separate reporting components. Each of the operating centres is subject to specified audit procedures. Further audit procedures are performed at
each reporting component to cover matters not covered at the centralised operating centres and together this results in audits for group reporting
purposes on those reporting components.
110                                                                                                     Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021


The components within the scope of our work accounted for the following percentages of the Group’s results:

                                                                                                            Total profits and
                                                                                                           losses that made
                                                                  Number of                                  up Group profit
                                                                components            Group revenue          before taxation      Group total assets
2021
Audits for group reporting purposes                                      15                   54%                      47%                    72%
Audits of account balances                                               22                   23%                      22%                    11%
Total                                                                    37                    77%                     69%                    83%
2020
Audits for group reporting purposes                                      15                    52%                     50%                     72%
Audits of account balances                                               22                    26%                     25%                      8%
Total                                                                    37                    78%                     75%                     80%


The remaining 23% (2020: 22%) of Group revenue, 31% (2020: 25%) of total profits and losses that made up Group profit before taxation and 17%
(2020: 20%) of Group total assets is represented by a significant number of reporting components, none of which individually represented more
than 3% (2020: 3%) of any of Group revenue, total profits and losses that made up Group profit before taxation or Group assets. A substantial
portion of these components utilise the operating centres and are therefore subject to audit procedures performed at these operating centres.
For these components, we performed analysis at an aggregated Group level to re-examine our assessment that there were no significant risks of
material misstatement within these.
The Group audit team instructed component auditors as to the significant areas to be covered, including the key audit matters detailed above and
the information to be reported back. The Group audit team approved the component materialities, which ranged from €4 million to €344 million
(2020: €1 million to €328 million), having regard to the mix of size and risk profile of the Group across the components. The work on components
was performed by component auditors.
In view of the continued restrictions on the movement of people across borders the Group audit team’s planned audit approach involved using
video conferencing to oversee the component auditor work and to hold video discussions with management of selected component locations in
scope of the Group audit. Furthermore, to evaluate the component auditors’ communications and the adequacy of their work, we requested those
component auditors to provide us with remote access to audit workpapers to perform these evaluations, subject to local law and regulations.
In addition, due to the inability to arrange in-person meetings with such component auditors, we increased the use of alternative methods of
communication with them, including through written instructions, exchange of emails and virtual meetings.
The Group audit team held virtual meetings with local management in Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Netherlands, UK,
USA, UAE and South Africa (2020: virtual meetings with local management in Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Netherlands,
UK and USA). Online meetings were also held with the component auditors in these locations and majority of the other locations in scope for group
reporting. The findings reported to the Group audit team were discussed in more detail with component auditors and any further work required by
the Group audit team was then performed by the component auditors.
The work on 36 of the 37 components (2020: 36 of the 37 components) was performed by component auditors (KPMG member firms). The audit of
the company was performed by the Group audit team.
We were able to rely upon the Group's internal control over financial reporting in all areas of our audit, and where our controls testing supported
this approach, which enabled us to reduce the scope of our substantive audit work.

4. The impact of climate change on our audit

In planning our audit, we considered the potential impacts of risks arising from climate change on the Group’s business and its financial
statements. The Group has set out its targets under its Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP) to reduce operational emissions by 100% by 2030;
with an interim goal to achieve a 70% reduction by 2025 against a 2015 baseline, to halve the full value chain emissions of its products on a per
consumer use basis by 2030 against a 2010 baseline and to achieve net zero emissions covering Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 2039. Detailed
information is provided in the Strategic Report on page 34 and in the CTAP and TCFD sections on pages 51 to 62.
Whilst the Group has set these targets, in note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements the Directors have stated that they have considered the
impact of climate change risks and that they do not believe that there is a material impact on the financial reporting judgements and estimates
and as a result the valuations of the Group’s assets and liabilities have not been significantly impacted by these risks as at 31 December 2021.
As a part of our audit we have performed a risk assessment to determine if the potential impacts of climate change may materially affect the
financial statements and our audit. We did this by making inquiries of management and inspecting internal and external reports in order to
independently assess the climate-related risks and their potential impact. We held discussions with our own climate change professionals to
challenge our risk assessment.
The most likely potential impact of climate risk and plans on these financial statements would be on the forward-looking assessments of long-
term assets.
We have considered the sensitivity of the assumptions used in the impairment testing of goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets. Given that
the assumptions are not considered a major source of estimation uncertainty, the carrying amounts of these assets in the financial statements are
not considered to be sensitive to the impact of risks arising from climate change. As a result of this, and the relative size of other long-term assets
which could be impacted by climate change risks, we determined that climate related risks did not have a significant impact on our audit and there
is no significant impact of these risks on our key audit matters.
We have also read the Group’s disclosures of climate related information in the Strategic Report and considered consistency with the financial
statements and our audit knowledge.

5. Going concern

The Directors have prepared the Financial Statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or
to cease their operations, and as they have concluded that the Group’s and the Company’s financial position means that this is realistic. They have
also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over their ability to continue as a going concern for
at least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).
We used our knowledge of the Group, its industry, and the general economic environment to identify the inherent risks to its business model and
analysed how those risks might affect the Group’s and Company’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concern
period. The risks that we considered most likely to adversely affect the Group’s and the Company’s available financial resources over this
period were:
▪ continued slowdown in the broader macro-economic environment and therefore market growth;
▪ increased global and local competition; and
▪ external pressures on gross margin through cost price inflation.
We also considered realistic second order impacts, such as a major IT data breach and the loss of all material litigation cases which could result in
a rapid reduction of available financial resources. We considered whether these risks could plausibly affect the liquidity in the going concern period
by assessing the degree of downside assumptions that, individually and collectively, could result in a liquidity issue, taking into account the
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                            111


Group’s current and projected cash and facilities and the outcome of their reverse stress testing. We considered whether the going concern
disclosure in note 1 to the financial statements gives a full and accurate description of the Directors’ assessment of going concern.
Our conclusions based on this work:
▪ we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the Financial Statements is appropriate;
▪ we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or conditions
  that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Group’s or Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for the going
  concern period;
▪ we have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to the Directors’ statement on page 106 to the Financial Statements on the
  use of the going concern basis of accounting with no material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt over the Group and Company’s
  use of that basis for the going concern period, and we found the going concern disclosure on page 106 to be acceptable; and
▪ the related statement under the Listing Rules set out on page 106 is materially consistent with the financial statements and our
  audit knowledge.
However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with
judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Group or the Company will
continue in operation.

6. Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations – ability to detect

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud
To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure
to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:
▪ Enquiring of directors, the audit committee, internal audit and inspection of policy documentation as to the Group’s high-level policies and
   procedures to prevent and detect fraud, including the internal audit function, and the Group’s channel for “whistleblowing”, as well as whether
   they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.
▪ Reading Board and audit committee minutes.
▪ Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for directors.
▪ Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.
▪ Using our own forensic professionals with specialised skills and knowledge to assist us in identifying the fraud risks based on discussions of the
   circumstances of the Group.
We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit. This
included communication from the group to in-scope component audit teams of relevant fraud risks identified at the Group level and request to in-
scope component audit teams to report to the Group audit team any instances of fraud that could give rise to a material misstatement at group.
As required by auditing standards, and taking into account possible pressures to meet profit targets, we performed procedures to address the risk
of management override of controls and the risk of fraudulent revenue recognition. Further detail in respect of Revenue recognition – Discounts is
set out in the key audit matter disclosures in section 2 of this report. We did not identify any additional fraud risks.
In determining the audit procedures we took into account the results of our evaluation and testing of the operating effectiveness of the Group-wide
fraud risk management controls. For further details in respect to the Group-wide risk management controls refer to the report of the Audit
Committee on page 78.
We also performed procedures including:
▪ Identifying manual journal entries to test for all in-scope components based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting
  documentation.
▪ Evaluating the business purpose of significant unusual transactions.
▪ Assessing significant accounting estimates for bias.
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations
We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our
general commercial and sector experience, through discussion with the Directors and other management (as required by auditing standards) and
from inspection of the Group’s regulatory and legal correspondence. We discussed with the Directors and other management the policies and
procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations and we made use of our own forensic professionals with specialised skills and
knowledge to assist us in evaluating the facts and circumstances.
We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance throughout the
audit. This included communication from the group to in-scope component audit teams of relevant laws and regulations identified at the Group
level, and a request for in-scope component auditors to report to the group team any instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations that
could give rise to a material misstatement at the Group level.
The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.
Firstly, the Group is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial reporting legislation (including
related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws
and regulations as part of our procedures on the related financial statement items.




                                                                                                                                                           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Secondly, the Group is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on
amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as
those most likely to have such an effect:
▪ Competition legislation (reflecting the Group’s involvement in a number of ongoing investigations by national competition authorities),
▪ Employment legislation (reflecting the Group’s significant and geographically diverse work force).
▪ Health and safety regulation (reflecting the nature of the Group’s production and distribution processes).
▪ Consumer product law such as product safety and product claims (reflecting the nature of the Group’s diverse product base).
▪ Contract legislation (reflecting the Group’s extensive use of trademarks, copyright and patents).
▪ Data privacy (requirements from existing data privacy laws).
▪ Environmental regulation (reflecting nature of the Group’s production and distribution processes).
Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and
other management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore, if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed
to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.
Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation
Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in the
financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the
further removed non-compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely
the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards would identify it.
In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not
responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.
112                                                                                                      Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021


7. We have nothing to report on the other information

The Directors are responsible for the other information presented in the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021 together with the Financial
Statements. Our opinion on the Financial Statements does not cover the other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or,
except as explicitly stated below, any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the
information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the Financial Statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work we
have not identified material misstatements in the other information.
Strategic report and Directors’ report
Based solely on our work on the other information:
▪ we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic report and the Directors’ report;
▪ in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the Financial Statements; and
▪ in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.
Directors’ remuneration report
In our opinion the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies
Act 2006.
Disclosures of emerging and principal risks and longer-term viability
We are required to perform procedures to identify whether there is a material inconsistency between the Directors’ disclosures in respect of
emerging and principal risks and the viability statement, and the financial statements and our audit knowledge.
Based on the knowledge we acquired during our audit, we have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to:
▪ the Directors’ confirmation within the Viability Statement on page 45 that they have carried out a robust assessment of the emerging and
  principal risks facing the Group, including those that would threaten its business model, future performance, solvency and liquidity;
▪ the Principal Risk Factors disclosures describing these risks and how emerging risks are identified, and explaining how they are being managed
  and mitigated; and
▪ the Directors’ explanation in the Viability Statement of how they have assessed the prospects of the Group, over what period they have done so
  and why they considered that period to be appropriate, and their statement as to whether they have a reasonable expectation that the Group
  will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period of their assessment, including any related disclosures
  drawing attention to any necessary qualifications or assumptions.
We are also required to review the Viability Statement, set out on page 45 under the Listing Rules. Based on the above procedures, we have
concluded that the above disclosures are materially consistent with the financial statements and our audit knowledge.
Our work is limited to assessing these matters in the context of only the knowledge acquired during our financial statements audit. As we cannot
predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were
reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of anything to report on these statements is not a guarantee as to the Group’s and
Company’s longer-term viability.
Corporate governance disclosures
We are required to perform procedures to identify whether there is a material inconsistency between the Directors’ corporate governance
disclosures and the financial statements and our audit knowledge.
Based on those procedures, we have concluded that each of the following is materially consistent with the financial statements and our audit
knowledge:
▪ the directors’ statement that they consider that the annual report and financial statements taken as a whole is fair, balanced and
  understandable, and provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess the Group’s position and performance, business model and
  strategy;
▪ the section of the annual report describing the work of the Audit Committee, including the significant issues that the audit committee considered
  in relation to the financial statements, and how these issues were addressed; and
▪ the section of the annual report that describes the review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.
We are required to review the part of Corporate Governance Statement relating to the Group’s compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate
Governance Code specified by the Listing Rules for our review. We have nothing to report in this respect.

8. We have nothing to report on the other matters on which we are required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
▪ adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches
  not visited by us; or
▪ the Company Accounts and the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited are not in agreement with the accounting records
  and returns; or
▪ certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
▪ we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.
We have nothing to report in these respects.

9. Respective Responsibilities
Directors’ responsibilities
As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 106, the Directors are responsible for the preparation of the Financial Statements
including being satisfied that they give a true and fair view. They are also responsible for: such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of Financial Statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Group and
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concern basis
of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor’s responsibilities
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud, or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.
A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at
www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                    113



10. The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit
work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report
and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and
the Company’s members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.


Jonathan Mills
(Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants
15 Canada Square
London, E14 5GL
2 March 2022




                                                                                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
114                                                                                                               Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021




Consolidated Financial Statements
Unilever Group
Consolidated income statement
for the year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                    € million           € million          € million
                                                                                                    Notes               2021                2020               2019

Turnover                                                                                                2            52,444             50,724             51,980
Operating profit                                                                                        2             8,702               8,303              8,708
   Which includes non-underlying item credits/(charges) of                                              3              (934)             (1,064)            (1,239)
Net finance costs                                                                                       5              (354)               (505)              (627)
   Pensions and similar obligations                                                                                      (10)                 (9)                 (30)
   Finance income                                                                                                       147                 232                   224
   Finance costs                                                                                                       (491)               (728)              (821)
      Which includes non-underlying costs of                                                            3                10                 (56)                   —
Non-underlying item net monetary gain/(loss) arising from hyperinflationary
economies                                                                                             1,3                (74)                20                    32
Share of net profit/(loss) of joint ventures and associates                                            11               191                 175                   176
   Which includes non-underlying item credits/(charges) of                                              3                 —                   —                     3
Other income/(loss) from non-current investments and associates                                                          91                    3                   —
Profit before taxation                                                                                                8,556               7,996              8,289
Taxation                                                                                              6A             (1,935)             (1,923)            (2,263)
   Which includes tax impact of non-underlying items of                                                 3               178                 126                   113
Net profit                                                                                                            6,621               6,073              6,026
Attributable to:
Non-controlling interests                                                                                               572                 492                   401
Shareholders’ equity                                                                                                  6,049               5,581              5,625
Combined earnings per share                                                                             7
Basic earnings per share (€)                                                                                            2.33               2.13               2.15
Diluted earnings per share (€)                                                                                          2.32               2.12               2.14




Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
for the year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                    € million           € million          € million
                                                                                                    Notes               2021               2020               2019
 Net profit                                                                                                           6,621               6,073              6,026
 Other comprehensive income                                                                           6C
 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss, net of tax:
   Gains/(losses) on equity instruments measured at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                                                                                 166                  78                    29
   Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans                                                    15B              1,734                 215                   353
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, net of tax:
    Gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges                                                                                  279                  60                   176
    Currency retranslation gains/(losses)                                                            15B              1,177              (2,590)                  (15)
 Total comprehensive income                                                                                           9,977               3,836              6,569
 Attributable to:
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                              749                 286                   407
 Shareholders’ equity                                                                                                 9,228               3,550              6,162
Note references in the consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity, consolidated
balance sheet and consolidated cash flow statement relate to notes on pages 118 to 166, which form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                            115



Consolidated statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 December

                                                                            € million   € million    € million   € million   € million   € million    € million   € million
                                                                             Called        Share                                                        Non-
                                                                           up share     premium Unification         Other    Retained             controlling        Total
Consolidated statement of changes in equity                                 capital      account    reserve      reserves       profit      Total   interests       equity
31 December 2018                                                                464         129            —     (15,218)     26,022     11,397           720     12,117
Impact of adopting IFRIC 23                                                      —           —             —          —          (38)       (38)           —         (38)
1 January 2019 (restated)                                                       464         129            —     (15,218)     25,984     11,359           720     12,079
Profit or loss for the period                                                    —           —             —          —        5,625      5,625           401      6,026
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
   Gains/(losses) on:
     Equity instruments                                                          —           —             —          25          —          25             4         29
     Cash flow hedges                                                            —           —             —         176          —         176            —         176
   Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans                               —           —             —          —          352        352             1        353
   Currency retranslation gains/(losses)                                         —           —             —         (18)          2        (16)            1        (15)
Total comprehensive income                                                       —           —             —         183       5,979      6,162           407      6,569
Dividends on ordinary capital                                                    —           —             —          —       (4,223)    (4,223)           —      (4,223)
                                       (a)
Cancellation of treasury shares                                                 (44)         —             —       9,416      (9,372)        —             —          —
                                           (b)
Other movements in treasury shares                                               —           —             —          64        (231)      (167)           —        (167)
                                   (c)
Share-based payment credit                                                       —           —             —          —          151        151            —         151
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                      —           —             —          —           —          —           (435)      (435)
Currency retranslation gains/(losses) net of tax                                 —            5            —          —           —           5            —           5
Hedging gain/(loss) transferred to non-financial assets                          —           —             —          32          —          32            —          32
Other movements in equity                                                        —           —             —         (51)        (76)      (127)            2       (125)
31 December 2019                                                                420         134            —      (5,574)     18,212     13,192           694     13,886
Profit or loss for the period                                                    —           —             —          —        5,581      5,581           492      6,073
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
   Gains/(losses) on:
     Equity instruments                                                          —           —            —           68          —          68            10         78
     Cash flow hedges                                                            —           —            —           62          —          62            (2)        60
   Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans                               —           —            —           —          217        217            (2)       215
   Currency retranslation gains/(losses)                                         —           —            —       (2,356)        (22)    (2,378)         (212)    (2,590)
Total comprehensive income                                                       —           —            —       (2,226)      5,776      3,550           286      3,836
Dividends on ordinary capital                                                    —           —            —           —       (4,300)    (4,300)           —      (4,300)
                                                   (d)
Issue of PLC ordinary shares as part of Unification                              51          —            —           —          (51)        —             —          —
                                                         (d)
Cancellation of NV ordinary shares as part of Unification                      (233)        (20)          —           —          253         —             —          —
                                (e)
Other effects of Unification                                                   (146)     73,364      (73,364)        132          14         —             —          —
                                     (b)
Movements in treasury shares                                                     —           —            —          220        (158)        62            —          62
                                   (c)
Share-based payment credit                                                       —           —            —           —          108        108            —         108
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                      —           —            —           —           —          —           (559)      (559)
Currency retranslation gains/(losses) net of tax                                 —           (6)          —           —           —          (6)           —          (6)
Hedging gain/(loss) transferred to non-financial assets                          —           —            —           10          —          10             2         12
                                               (f)
Net gain arising from Horlicks acquisition                                       —           —            —           —        2,930      2,930         1,918      4,848
                                (g)
Other movements in equity                                                        —           —            —          (44)       (236)      (280)           48       (232)
31 December 2020                                                                 92      73,472      (73,364)     (7,482)     22,548     15,266         2,389     17,655
Profit or loss for the period                                                    —           —            —           —        6,049      6,049           572      6,621
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
   Gains/(losses) on:
     Equity instruments                                                           —           —            —         147          —          147           19         166
     Cash flow hedges                                                             —           —            —         276          —          276            3         279
   Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans                                —           —            —          —        1,728       1,728            6       1,734
   Currency retranslation gains/(losses)                                          —           —            —       1,025           3       1,028          149       1,177
Total comprehensive income                                                        —           —            —       1,448       7,780       9,228          749       9,977
Dividends on ordinary capital                                                    —           —           —            —       (4,458)    (4,458)           —      (4,458)
                            (h)
Share capital reduction                                                          —      (20,626)         —            —       20,626         —             —          —
                        (i)
Repurchase of shares                                                             —           —           —        (3,018)         —      (3,018)           —      (3,018)




                                                                                                                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     (b)
Movements in treasury shares                                                     —           —           —            95        (143)       (48)           —         (48)
                                   (c)
Share-based payment credit                                                       —           —           —            —          161        161            —         161
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                      —           —           —            —           —          —           (503)      (503)
Hedging gain/(loss) transferred to non-financial assets                          —           —           —          (171)         —        (171)           (3)      (174)
                                (g)
Other movements in equity                                                        —           (2)         —           (82)        231        147             7        154
31 December 2021                                                                 92      52,844     (73,364)      (9,210)     46,745     17,107         2,639     19,746
(a) During 2019, 254,012,896 NV ordinary shares and 18,660,634 PLC ordinary shares were cancelled. The amount paid to repurchase these shares was initially recognised
    in other reserves and is transferred to retained profit on cancellation.
(b) Includes purchases and sales of treasury shares, other than the share buyback programme and the transfer from treasury shares to retained profit of share-settled
    schemes arising from prior years and differences between exercise and grant price of share options in 2019 and 2020.
(c) The share-based payment credit relates to the non-cash charge recorded against operating profit in respect of the fair value of share options and awards granted
    to employees.
(d) As part of Unification, NV shareholders were issued new PLC ordinary shares, all issued NV shares were cancelled. The impact is recognised in retained profit.
(e) Includes the reduction of PLC’s share capital following the cessation of the Equalisation Agreement. Prior to Unification, a conversion rate of £1= €5.143 was used in
    accordance with the Equalisation Agreement to translate PLC’s share capital. Following Unification, PLC’s share capital has been translated using the exchange rate at
    the date of Unification. To reflect the legal share capital of the PLC company, an increase to share premium of €73,364 million and a debit unification reserve for the
    same amount have been recorded as there is no change in the net assets of the Group. This debit is not a loss as a matter of law.
(f) Consideration for the Horlicks Acquisition included the issuance of shares in a group subsidiary, Hindustan Unilever Limited, which resulted in a net gain being
    recognised within equity. See note 21 for further details.
(g) 2021 includes a hyperinflation adjustment of €280 million and €82 million related to the Welly acquisition. 2020 includes €163 million paid for purchase of the non-
    controlling interest in Unilever Malaysia.
(h) Share premium has been adjusted to reflect the legal share capital of the PLC company, which reduced by £18,400 million following court approval on 15 June 2021.
(i) Repurchase of shares reflects the cost of acquiring ordinary shares as part of the share buyback programme announced on 29 April 2021.
116                                                                                                               Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

Consolidated balance sheet
for the year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                                       € million           € million
                                                                                                                       Notes               2021               2020
 Assets
 Non-current assets
 Goodwill                                                                                                                  9            20,330             18,942
 Intangible assets                                                                                                         9            18,261             15,999
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                                            10            10,347             10,558
 Pension asset for funded schemes in surplus                                                                              4B             5,119               2,722
 Deferred tax assets                                                                                                      6B             1,465               1,474
 Financial assets                                                                                                       17A              1,198                    876
 Other non-current assets                                                                                                 11               974                    931
                                                                                                                                        57,694             51,502
 Current assets
 Inventories                                                                                                              12             4,683               4,462
 Trade and other current receivables                                                                                      13             5,422               4,939
 Current tax assets                                                                                                                        324                    372
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              17A              3,415               5,548
 Other financial assets                                                                                                 17A              1,156                    808
 Assets held for sale                                                                                                     22             2,401                     28
                                                                                                                                        17,401             16,157
 Total assets                                                                                                                           75,095             67,659
 Liabilities
 Current liabilities
 Financial liabilities                                                                                                  15C              7,252               4,461
 Trade payables and other current liabilities                                                                             14            14,861             14,132
 Current tax liabilities                                                                                                                 1,365               1,451
 Provisions                                                                                                               19               480                    547
 Liabilities held for sale                                                                                                22               820                      1
                                                                                                                                        24,778             20,592
 Non-current liabilities
 Financial liabilities                                                                                                  15C             22,881             22,844
 Non-current tax liabilities                                                                                                               148                    149
 Pensions and post-retirement healthcare liabilities:
   Funded schemes in deficit                                                                                              4B               831               1,109
   Unfunded schemes                                                                                                       4B             1,295               1,326
 Provisions                                                                                                               19               611                    583
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                 6B             4,530               3,166
 Other non-current liabilities                                                                                            14               275                    235
                                                                                                                                        30,571             29,412
 Total liabilities                                                                                                                      55,349             50,004


 Equity
 Shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                   17,107             15,266
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                                               2,639               2,389
 Total equity                                                                                                                           19,746             17,655
 Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                           75,095             67,659
Note references in the consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity, consolidated
balance sheet and consolidated cash flow statement relate to notes on pages 118 to 166, which form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.


These financial statements have been approved by the Directors.



The Board of Directors
2 March 2022
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                 117



Consolidated cash flow statement
for the year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                            € million      € million   € million
                                                                                                          Notes                 2021          2020        2019
Net profit                                                                                                                    6,621          6,073       6,026
Taxation                                                                                                                      1,935          1,923       2,263
Share of net profit of joint ventures/associates and other income/(loss) from
non-current investments                                                                                                        (282)          (178)       (176)
Net monetary (gain)/loss arising from hyperinflationary economies                                                                74            (20)        (32)
Net finance costs                                                                                              5                354            505         627
Operating profit                                                                                                              8,702          8,303       8,708
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                                                                     1,763          2,018       1,982
Changes in working capital:                                                                                                     (47)           680           (9)
   Inventories                                                                                                                 (458)          (587)        313
   Trade and other receivables                                                                                                 (307)         1,125        (445)
   Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                         718            142         123
Pensions and similar obligations less payments                                                                                 (183)          (182)       (260)
Provisions less payments                                                                                                        (61)           (53)            7
Elimination of (profits)/losses on disposals                                                                                     23             60          60
Non-cash charge for share-based compensation                                                                                    161            108         151
Other adjustments                                                                                                               (53)             (1)           2
Cash flow from operating activities                                                                                         10,305         10,933      10,641
Income tax paid                                                                                                              (2,333)        (1,875)     (2,532)
Net cash flow from operating activities                                                                                       7,972          9,058       8,109
Interest received                                                                                                               148            169         146
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                                                  (232)          (158)       (210)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                                    (1,108)          (863)     (1,316)
Disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                                                       101             89          97
Acquisition of businesses and investments in joint ventures and associates                                                   (2,131)        (1,426)     (1,122)
Disposal of businesses, joint ventures and associates                                                                            43             39         177
Acquisition of other non-current investments                                                                                   (142)          (128)       (160)
Disposal of other non-current investments                                                                                       137             51          55
Dividends from joint ventures, associates and other non-current investments                                                     185            188         164
(Purchase)/sale of financial assets                                                                                            (247)           558         (68)
Net cash flow (used in)/from investing activities                                                                            (3,246)        (1,481)     (2,237)
Dividends paid on ordinary share capital                                                                                     (4,483)        (4,279)     (4,209)
Interest paid                                                                                                                  (488)          (624)       (694)
Net change in short-term borrowings                                                                                             656            722         337
Additional financial liabilities                                                                                              4,748          3,117       5,911
Repayment of financial liabilities                                                                                           (3,550)        (3,577)     (4,912)
Capital element of lease rental payments                                                                                       (464)          (443)       (435)
Repurchase of shares                                                                                         24              (3,018)             —           —
Other movements on treasury shares                                                                                                —              —        (201)
                               (a)
Other financing activities                                                                                                     (500)          (720)       (464)




                                                                                                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Net cash flow (used in)/from financing activities                                                                            (7,099)        (5,804)     (4,667)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                         (2,373)         1,773       1,205
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                                        5,475          4,116       3,090
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                                                         285           (414)       (179)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                            17A               3,387          5,475       4,116
(a) Other financing activities include cash paid for the purchase of non-controlling interests and dividends paid to minority interests.

The cash flows of pension funds (other than contributions and other direct payments made by the Group in respect of pensions and similar
obligations) are not included in the Group cash flow statement.
118                                                                                                     Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021




Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements Unilever Group
                                                                           appropriate. Assets and liabilities are translated at year-end

1. Accounting information and
                                                                           exchange rates.
                                                                           The financial statements of group companies whose functional currency
policies                                                                   is the currency of a hyperinflationary economy are adjusted for inflation
                                                                           and then translated into euros using the balance sheet exchange rate.
                                                                           Amounts shown for prior years for comparative purposes are not
                                                                           modified. To determine the existence of hyperinflation, the Group
Basis of consolidation                                                     assesses the qualitative and quantitative characteristics of the
Group companies included in the consolidated financial statements for      economic environment of the country, such as the cumulative inflation
2021 are PLC and all subsidiary undertakings, which are those entities     rate over the previous three years.
controlled by PLC. Control exists when the Group has the power to direct   The ordinary share capital of PLC is translated to euro using the
the activities of an entity so as to affect the return on investment.      historical rate at the date the shares were issued (see note 15B on
The net assets and results of acquired businesses are included in the      page 146).
consolidated financial statements from their respective dates of           The effect of exchange rate changes during the year on net assets of
acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains control.            foreign operations is recorded in equity. For this purpose, net assets
The results of disposed businesses are included in the consolidated        include loans between group companies and any related foreign
financial statements up to their date of disposal, being the date          exchange contracts where settlement is neither planned nor likely to
control ceases.                                                            occur in the foreseeable future.

Intra-group transactions and balances are eliminated.                      The Group applies hedge accounting to certain exchange differences
                                                                           arising between the functional currencies of a foreign operation and
On 29 November 2020, the Unilever Group underwent a reorganisation         the functional currency of the parent entity, regardless of whether the
so that there were no longer two parent companies, Unilever N.V. ('NV')    net investment is held directly or through an intermediate parent.
and Unilever PLC ('PLC'), but one parent company PLC. This                 Differences arising on retranslation of a financial liability designated as
reorganisation is referred to as 'Unification' in the Group consolidated   a foreign currency net investment hedge are recorded in equity to the
financial statements.                                                      extent that the hedge is effective. These differences are reported within
                                                                           profit or loss to the extent that the hedge is ineffective.
Prior to 29 November 2020, the Group operated with two parent
companies, NV and PLC, who together with the group companies               Cumulative exchange differences arising since the date of transition to
operated as a single economic entity.                                      IFRS of 1 January 2004 are reported as a separate component of other
                                                                           reserves. In the event of disposal or part disposal of an interest in a
                                                                           group company either through sale or as a result of a repayment of
Company legislation and accounting standards                               capital, the cumulative exchange difference is recognised in the income
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in                statement as part of the profit or loss on disposal of group companies.
accordance with international financial reporting standards (IFRS)
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB),          Hyperinflationary economies
and UK-adopted international accounting standards. The consolidated
financial statements comply with Companies Act 2006.                       The Argentinian economy was designated as hyperinflationary from
                                                                           1 July 2018. As a result, application of IAS 29 ‘Financial Reporting in
These financial statements are prepared under the historical cost          Hyperinflationary Economies’ has been applied to all Unilever entities
convention unless otherwise indicated.                                     whose functional currency is the Argentinian Peso. The application of
These financial statements have been prepared on a going                   IAS 29 includes:
concern basis. The Group has considerable financial resources together     ▪ Adjustment of historical cost non-monetary assets and liabilities for
with established business relationships with many customers and               the change in purchasing power caused by inflation from the date of
suppliers in countries throughout the world. As a consequence, the            initial recognition to the balance sheet date;
Group is well placed to manage its business risks successfully for at      ▪ Adjustment of the income statement for inflation during the
least twelve months from the date of approval of the financial                reporting period;
statements.                                                                ▪ The income statement is translated at the period-end foreign
                                                                              exchange rate instead of an average rate; and
                                                                           ▪ Adjustment of the income statement to reflect the impact of inflation
Accounting policies                                                           and exchange rate movement on holding monetary assets and
                                                                              liabilities in local currency.
The accounting policies adopted are the same as those which were
applied for the previous financial year except as set out below under      The main effects of the Group consolidated financial statements for
the heading ‘Recent accounting developments’.                              2021 are:
                                                                           ▪ Total assets are increased by €106 million.
Accounting policies are included in the relevant notes to the              ▪ Turnover is increased by €124 million.
consolidated financial statements. These are presented as text             ▪ Operating profit is reduced by €2 million.
highlighted in grey on pages 118 to 166. The accounting policies           ▪ A net monetary loss of €74 million is recognised.
below are applied throughout the financial statements.

                                                                           Climate change
Foreign currencies
                                                                           In preparing these consolidated financial statements we have
The consolidated financial statements are presented in euros. The          considered the impact of both physical and transition climate change
functional currency of PLC is pound sterling. Items included in the        risks on the current valuation of our assets and liabilities. We do not
financial statements of individual group companies are recorded            believe that there is a material impact on the financial reporting
in their respective functional currency which is the currency of the       judgements and estimates arising from our considerations and as
primary economic environment in which each entity operates.                a result the valuations of our assets or liabilities have not been
                                                                           significantly impacted by these risks as at 31 December 2021. In
Foreign currency transactions in individual group companies are
                                                                           concluding, we specifically considered the impact of climate change
translated into functional currency using exchange rates at the date
                                                                           on the growth rates and projected cash flows as part of our goodwill
of the transaction. Foreign exchange gains and losses from settlement
                                                                           impairment testing (see note 9). As government policies evolve as a
of these transactions, and from translation of monetary assets and
                                                                           result of commitments to limit global warming to 1.5°C, we will continue
liabilities at year-end exchange rates, are recognised in the income
                                                                           to monitor implications on the valuations of our assets and liabilities
statement except when deferred in equity as qualifying hedges.
                                                                           that could arise in future years.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the balances
in individual group companies are translated from their functional
currency into euros. Apart from the financial statements of group
                                                                           Critical accounting estimates and judgements
companies in hyperinflationary economies (see below), the income           The preparation of financial statements requires management to make
statement, the cash flow statement and all other movements in assets       estimates and judgements in the application of accounting policies
and liabilities are translated at average rates of exchange as a proxy     that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
for the transaction rate, or at the transaction rate itself if more
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                       119



expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates and      ekaterra to the overall Group is approximately 4% of Group turnover
judgements are continuously evaluated and are based on historical            and 3% of total assets, management has concluded that it does not
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events        represent a separate major line of business, nor separate component
that are believed to be reasonable. Revisions to accounting estimates        of the Group and so should not be presented as a discontinued
are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any     operation. ekaterra assets and liabilities have been presented in the
future period affected.                                                      financial statements as held for sale – see note 22.
                                                                           ▪ Utilisation of tax losses and recognition of other deferred tax assets –
The following estimates are those that management believe have the
                                                                             the Group operates in many countries and is subject to taxes in
most significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
                                                                             numerous jurisdictions. Management uses judgement to assess the
amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are:
                                                                             recoverability of tax assets such as whether there will be sufficient
▪ Measurement of defined benefit obligations – the valuations of the
                                                                             future taxable profits to utilise losses – see note 6B.
  Group’s defined benefit pension plan obligations are dependent on
                                                                           ▪ Likelihood of occurrence of provisions and contingent liabilities –
  a number of assumptions. These include discount rates, inflation and
                                                                             events can occur where there is uncertainty over future obligations.
  life expectancy of scheme members. Details of these assumptions
                                                                             Judgement is required to determine if an outflow of economic
  and sensitivities are in note 4B.
                                                                             resources is probable, or possible but not probable. Where it is
The following judgements are those that management believe have the          probable, a liability is recognised and further judgement is used to
most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the Group’s             determine the level of the provision. Where it is possible but not
financial statements:                                                        probable, further judgement is used to determine if the likelihood is
▪ Separate presentation of items in the income statement – certain           remote, in which case no disclosures are provided; if the likelihood
   items of income or expense are presented separately as non-               is not remote then judgement is used to determine the contingent
   underlying items. These are excluded in several of our performance        liability disclosed. Unilever does not have provisions and contingent
   measures, including underlying operating profit and underlying            liabilities for the same matters. External advice is obtained for any
   earnings per share due to their nature and/or frequency of                material cases. See notes 6A, 19 and 20.
   occurrence. See note 3 for further details.                             ▪ Recognition of pension surplus – where there is an accounting surplus
• Disclosure of ekaterra assets and liabilities – following the              on a defined benefit plan, management uses judgement to
   announcement to dispose of part of our Tea business ('ekaterra'),         determine whether the Group can realise the surplus through
   management has assessed whether this would meet the criteria for          refunds, reductions in future combinations or a combination of both.
   presentation as a discontinued operation. As the contribution of


Recent accounting developments adopted by the Group
The Group applied for the first-time amendments to the following standards from 1 January 2021.

Applicable standard              Key requirements                                          Impact on Group
Interest Rate Benchmark          The amendments are applicable when an existing            We do not have significant financial instruments
Reform (Phase 2)                 interest rate benchmark is replaced by another interest   that refer to an interest rate benchmark so these
                                 rate benchmark. The amendments provide a practical        amendments have not had a material impact
Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS
                                 expedient that modifications to asset and liability       on Unilever.
39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16
                                 values as a direct consequence of the interest rate
                                 benchmark reform and made on an economically
                                 equivalent basis (i.e. where the basis for determining
                                 contractual cash flows is the same), can be accounted
                                 for by only updating the effective interest rate.
                                 Additionally, hedge accounting is not discontinued
                                 solely because of the replacement of another interest
                                 rate benchmark. Hedging relationships (and related
                                 documentation) must instead be amended to reflect
                                 modifications to the hedged item, hedging instrument
                                 and hedged risk.

All other standards or amendments to standards that have been issued by the IASB and were effective by 1 January 2021 were not applicable or
material to Unilever.

New standards, amendments and interpretations of existing standards that are not yet effective and have not
been early adopted by the Group
IFRS 17 ‘Insurance Contracts’ has been released but is not yet adopted by the Group. The standard is effective from the year ended 31 December
2023 and introduces a new model for accounting for insurance contracts. We have reviewed existing arrangements and concluded that IFRS 17 is
not expected to be material for Unilever.
All other new standards or amendments that are not yet effective that have been issued by the IASB are not applicable or material to Unilever.




                                                                                                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
120                                                                                                            Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued


2. Segment information
Segmental reporting
Beauty & Personal Care                      ▪ primarily sales of skin cleansing (soap, shower), hair care (shampoo, conditioner, styling), skin care (face,
                                              hand and body moisturisers) and deodorant categories.
Foods & Refreshment                         ▪ primarily sales of ice cream, savoury (soups, bouillons, seasoning), dressings (mayonnaise, ketchup) and
                                              tea (including ekaterra) categories.
Home Care                                   • primarily sales of fabric care (washing powders and liquids, rinse conditioners) and a wide range of
                                              cleaning products.
Revenue
Turnover comprises sales of goods after the deduction of discounts, sales taxes and estimated returns. It does not include sales between group
companies. Discounts given by Unilever include rebates, price reductions and incentives given to customers, promotional couponing and trade
communication costs and are based on the contractual arrangements with each customer. Discounts can either be immediately deducted from
the sales value on the invoice or off-invoice and settled later through credit notes when the precise amounts are known. Rebates are generally
off-invoice. Amounts provided for discounts at the end of a period require estimation; historical data and accumulated experience is used to
estimate the provision using the most likely amount method and in most instances, the discount can be estimated using known facts with a high
level of accuracy. Any differences between actual amounts settled and the amounts provided are not material and recognised in the subsequent
reporting period.
Customer contracts generally contain a single performance obligation and turnover is recognised when control of the products being sold has
transferred to our customer as there are no longer any unfulfilled obligations to the customer. This is generally on delivery to the customer but
depending on individual customer terms, this can be at the time of dispatch, delivery or upon formal customer acceptance. This is considered the
appropriate point where the performance obligations in our contracts are satisfied as Unilever no longer has control over the inventory.
Our customers have the contractual right to return goods only when authorised by Unilever. At 31 December 2021, an estimate has been made of
goods that will be returned and a liability has been recognised for this amount. An asset has also been recorded for the corresponding inventory
that is estimated to return to Unilever using a best estimate based on accumulated experience.
Some of our customers are distributors who may be able to return unsold goods in consignment arrangements.
Underlying operating profit
Underlying operating profit means operating profit before the impact of non-underlying items within operating profit (see note 3). Underlying
operating profit represents our measure of segment profit or loss as it is the primary measure used for the purpose of making decisions about
allocating resources and assessing performance of segments. Underlying operating margin is calculated as underlying operating profit divided
by turnover.

Our segments are comprised of similar product categories. 10 categories (2020: 10; 2019: 9) individually accounted for 5% or more of our revenue in
one or more of the last three years. The following table shows the relevant contribution of these categories to Group revenue for the periods shown:

Category                                                 Segment                                                    2021              2020              2019
Fabric                                                   Home Care                                                  14%               14%               15%
Ice Cream                                                Foods & Refreshment                                        13%               13%               13%
Skin Cleansing                                           Beauty & Personal Care                                     11%               12%               10%
Hair Care                                                Beauty & Personal Care                                     11%               11%               12%
Savoury                                                  Foods & Refreshment                                        10%               11%               11%
Deodorant                                                Beauty & Personal Care                                      7%                 8%               8%
Skin Care                                                Beauty & Personal Care                                      7%                 7%               8%
Dressings                                                Foods & Refreshment                                         6%                 6%               5%
Tea*                                                     Foods & Refreshment                                         5%                 6%               6%
Home & Hygiene                                           Home Care                                                   5%                 5%               4%
Other                                                                                                               11%                 7%               8%
* Tea includes ekaterra as well as the retained tea business.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                          121




2. Segment information continued
The Group operating segment information is provided based on three product areas: Beauty & Personal Care, Foods & Refreshment and
Home Care.

                                                                                                  € million           € million          € million           € million
                                                                                                 Beauty &             Foods &              Home
                                                                                  Notes     Personal Care        Refreshment                Care                  Total
 2021
 Turnover                                                                                          21,901             19,971              10,572             52,444
 Operating profit                                                                                   4,471               2,937              1,294                  8,702
 Non-underlying items                                                                 3               271                 540                123                   934
 Underlying operating profit                                                                        4,742               3,477              1,417                  9,636
 Share of net profit/(loss) of joint ventures and associates                                            10                174                   7                  191
 Significant non-cash charges:
   Within underlying operating profit:
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                                   621                 816                309                  1,746
                                                                      (a)
      Share-based compensation and other non-cash charges                                             102                 103                  44                  249
   Within non-underlying items:
                                                     (b)
        Impairment and other non-cash charges                                                           13                 33                  12                   58
 2020
 Turnover                                                                                          21,124              19,140             10,460              50,724
 Operating profit                                                                                   4,311               2,749              1,243                  8,303
 Non-underlying items                                                                 3               280                 508                 276                 1,064
 Underlying operating profit                                                                        4,591               3,257              1,519                  9,367
  Share of net profit/(loss) of joint ventures and associates                                            7                163                   5                  175
 Significant non-cash charges:
   Within underlying operating profit:
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                                   710                 946                362                  2,018
                                                                      (a)
      Share-based compensation and other non-cash charges                                               77                 85                  41                  203
   Within non-underlying items:
                                                     (b)
        Impairment and other non-cash charges                                                           38                 77                  35                  150
 2019
 Turnover                                                                                          21,868              19,287             10,825              51,980
 Operating profit                                                                                   4,520               2,811               1,377                 8,708
 Non-underlying items                                                                 3               440                 571                 228                 1,239
 Underlying operating profit                                                                        4,960               3,382              1,605                  9,947
 Share of net profit/(loss) of joint ventures and associates                                             1                171                   4                  176
 Significant non-cash charges:
   Within underlying operating profit:
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                                   693                 902                369                  1,964
                                                                      (a)
      Share-based compensation and other non-cash charges                                               62                 56                  50                  168
   Within non-underlying items:
                                                     (b)
        Impairment and other non-cash charges                                                         105                 159                  46                  310
(a) Other non-cash charges within underlying operating profit include movements in provisions from underlying activities, excluding movements arising from non-
    underlying activities.
(b) Other non-cash charges within non-underlying items includes movements in restructuring provisions and movements in certain legal provisions.




                                                                                                                                                                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
122                                                                                                                        Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued


2. Segment information continued


The Unilever Group is not reliant on turnover from transactions with any single customer and does not receive 10% or more of its turnover from
transactions with any single customer.
Segment assets and liabilities are not provided because they are not reported to or reviewed by our chief operating decision-maker, which is the
Unilever Leadership Executive (ULE).
Turnover and non-current assets for the country of domicile, the United States and India (being the two largest countries outside the home country)
and for all other countries are:

                                                                                                             € million       € million    € million      € million   € million
                                                                                                               United          United
                                                                                                             Kingdom           States        India        Others        Total
 2021
 Turnover                                                                                                         2,443         9,864       5,618         34,519      52,444
                        (a)
 Non-current assets                                                                                               3,858        16,692       6,755         22,607      49,912
 2020
 Turnover                                                                                                          2,391        9,363        4,993        33,977      50,724
                        (a)
 Non-current assets                                                                                                3,587       12,946        6,264        23,633      46,430
 2019
 Turnover                                                                                                          2,306        8,702        4,964        36,009      51,980
                        (a)
 Non-current assets                                                                                                3,891       13,326        1,137        25,391      43,744
(a) For the purpose of this table, non-current assets include goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and other non-current assets as shown on the
    consolidated balance sheet. Goodwill is attributed to countries where acquired business operated at the time of acquisition; all other assets are attributed to the
    countries where they were acquired.

No other country had turnover or non-current assets (as shown above) greater than 10% of the Group total.


Additional information by geographies
Although the Group’s operations are managed by product area, we provide additional information based on geographies. The analysis of turnover
by geographical area is stated on the basis of origin.

                                                                                                      € million              € million          € million            € million
                                                                                                        Asia/                    The
                                                                                                                                   (a)
                                                                                                    AMET/RUB               Americas               Europe                Total
2021
Turnover                                                                                                24,264                16,844             11,336               52,444
Operating profit                                                                                         4,536                  2,696                 1,470            8,702
Non-underlying items                                                                                       297                    284                  353                934
Underlying operating profit                                                                              4,833                  2,980                 1,823            9,636
Share of net profit/(loss) of joint ventures and associates                                                  (3)                  127                   67                191
2020
Turnover                                                                                                23,440                 16,080             11,204              50,724
Operating profit                                                                                         4,137                  2,723                 1,443             8,303
Non-underlying items                                                                                       409                    249                  406              1,064
Underlying operating profit                                                                              4,546                  2,973                 1,848             9,367
Share of net profit/(loss) of joint ventures and associates                                                   8                   122                   45                175
2019
Turnover                                                                                                24,129                 16,482             11,369              51,980
Operating profit                                                                                         4,418                  2,683                 1,607             8,708
Non-underlying items                                                                                       439                    395                  405             1,239
Underlying operating profit                                                                              4,857                  3,078                 2,012             9,947
Share of net profit/(loss) of joint ventures and associates                                                  (5)                  126                   55                176
(a) Americas sales in North America were €10,627 million (2020: €10,117 million; 2019: €9,411 million) and in Latin America were €6,217 million (2020: €5,963 million; 2019:
    €7,071 million).

The Group's turnover classified by markets are:

                                                                                                                              € million          € million            € million
                                                                                                                                  2021                 2020               2019
Emerging markets                                                                                                              30,407              29,281              31,021
Developed markets                                                                                                             22,037              21,443              20,959

Transactions between the Unilever Group’s geographical regions are immaterial and are carried out on at arm’s length basis.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                         123




3. Operating costs and non-underlying items
Operating costs
Operating costs include cost of sales, brand and marketing investment and overheads.
(i) Cost of sales
Cost of sales includes the cost of inventories sold during the period and distribution costs. The cost of inventories are raw and packaging
materials and related production costs. Distribution costs are charged to the income statement as incurred.
(ii) Brand and marketing investment
Brand and marketing investment include costs related to creating and maintaining brand equity and brand awareness. This includes media,
advertising production, promotional materials and engagement with consumers. These costs are charged to the income statement as incurred.
(iii) Overheads
Overheads include staff costs associated with sales activities and central functions such as finance, human resources, and research and
development costs. Research and development costs are staff costs, material costs, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, patent
costs and other costs that are directly attributable to research and product development activities. These costs are charged to the income
statement as incurred.
Non-underlying items
These items are relevant to an understanding of our financial performance due to their nature and/or frequency of occurrence.
(i) Non-underlying items within operating profit
These are gains and losses on business disposals, acquisition and disposal-related costs, restructuring costs, impairments and other items
within operating profit classified here due to their nature and/or frequency. Restructuring costs are charges associated with activities planned
by management that significantly change either the scope of the business or the manner in which it is conducted.
(ii) Non-underlying items not in operating profit but within net profit
These are net monetary gain or loss arising from hyperinflationary economies and significant and unusual items in net finance cost, share of
profit/(loss) of joint ventures and associates and taxation.



                                                                                                                       € million           € million          € million
                                                                                                                           2021               2020                2019
Turnover                                                                                                               52,444              50,724              51,980
Cost of sales                                                                                                         (30,259)             (28,684)           (29,102)
   of which:
      Distribution costs                                                                                                (3,313)             (3,104)             (3,089)
      Production costs                                                                                                  (3,678)             (3,696)             (3,701)
      Raw and packaging materials and goods purchased for resale                                                      (21,799)            (20,400)            (20,769)
      Other                                                                                                             (1,469)             (1,484)             (1,543)
Gross profit                                                                                                           22,185              22,040              22,878
Selling and administrative expenses                                                                                   (12,549)             (12,673)           (12,931)
   of which:
      Brand and marketing investment                                                                                    (6,873)             (7,091)             (7,272)
      Overheads                                                                                                         (5,676)             (5,582)             (5,659)
                                             (a)
   of which: Research and development                                                                                     (847)               (800)               (840)
Non-underlying items within operating profit before tax                                                                   (934)             (1,064)             (1,239)
Operating profit                                                                                                         8,702               8,303              8,708
(a) From 2021, research and development costs include patent costs of €27 million. The prior year comparators have not been restated. Patent costs in 2020 and 2019 were
    €27 million in each year.




                                                                                                                                                                           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Exchange losses within operating costs in 2021 are nil (2020: €45 million; 2019: €41 million).
124                                                                                                                     Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued


3. Operating costs and non-underlying items continued

Non-underlying items
Non-underlying items are disclosed on the face of the income statement to provide additional information to users to help them better understand
underlying business performance.

                                                                                                                          € million            € million           € million
                                                                                                                              2021                 2020                2019
Non-underlying items within operating profit before tax                                                                      (934)              (1,064)             (1,239)
                                                (a)
   Acquisition and disposal-related costs                                                                                    (332)                 (69)               (132)
                                               (b)
   Gain on disposal of group companies                                                                                          36                    8                  70
                          (c)
   Restructuring costs                                                                                                       (632)                (916)             (1,159)
                   (d)
   Impairments                                                                                                                 (17)                  —                  (18)
          (e)
   Other                                                                                                                        11                 (87)                  —
Tax on non-underlying items within operating profit                                                                           219                  272                 309
Non-underlying items within operating profit after tax                                                                       (715)                (792)               (930)
Non-underlying items not in operating profit but within net profit before tax                                                  (64)                (36)                  35
   Share of gain on disposal of Spreads business in Portugal JV                                                                 —                    —                    3
   Interest related to the UK tax audit of intangible income and centralised services                                           10                 (56)                  —
   Net monetary gain/(loss) arising from hyperinflationary economies                                                           (74)                 20                  32
Tax impact of non-underlying items not in operating profit but within net profit                                               (41)               (146)               (196)
   Taxes related to the reorganisation of our European business                                                                 31                 (58)               (175)
   Taxes related to share buyback as part of Unification                                                                        —                  (30)                  —
   Taxes related to the UK tax audit of intangible income and centralised services                                             (29)                (53)                  —
   Hyperinflation adjustment for Argentina deferred tax                                                                        (43)                  (5)                (21)
Non-underlying items not in operating profit but within net profit after tax                                                 (105)                (182)               (161)
                                     (f)
Non-underlying items after tax                                                                                               (820)                (974)             (1,091)
Attributable to:
   Non-controlling interest                                                                                                    (30)                (23)                 (28)
   Shareholders' equity                                                                                                      (790)                (951)             (1,063)
(a) 2021 includes a charge of €196 million relating to the planned disposal of ekaterra and other acquisition and disposal activities.
(b) 2021 gain relates to several small disposal of brands in Foods and Refreshment. The 2020 gain relates to the disposal of a laundry bar business in Latin America. 2019
    includes a gain of €57 million relating to the disposal of Alsa.
(c) Restructuring costs are comprised of various supply chain optimisation projects and organisational change programmes across markets.
(d) 2021 relates to the write down of leased land and building assets. 2019 includes a charge of €18 million relating to an impairment of goodwill for a local business
    classified to held for sale.
(e) 2020 includes a charge of €87 million for litigation matters in relation to investigations by national competition authorities including those in Turkey and France.
(f) Non-underlying items after tax is calculated as non-underlying items within operating profit after tax plus non-underlying items not in operating profit but within net
    profit after tax.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                             125




4. Employees
4A. Staff and management costs
                                                                                                                          € million           € million           € million
Staff costs                                                                                                                   2021                2020                2019
Wages and salaries                                                                                                         (5,062)              (5,051)             (5,364)
Social security costs                                                                                                        (529)                (519)               (541)
Other pension costs                                                                                                          (401)                (419)               (334)
Share-based compensation costs                                                                                               (161)                (108)               (151)
                                                                                                                           (6,153)              (6,097)             (6,390)

                                                                                                                               ‘000                ‘000                ‘000
Average number of employees during the year                                                                                   2021                2020                2019
Asia/AMET/RUB                                                                                                                   84                  83                  84
The Americas                                                                                                                    37                  38                  40
Europe                                                                                                                          28                  29                  29
                                                                                                                              149                 150                  153

                                                                                                                          € million           € million           € million
Key management compensation                                                                                                   2021                2020                2019
Salaries and short-term employee benefits                                                                                      (29)                (28)                (42)
                          (a)
Share-based benefits                                                                                                           (10)                 (5)                (16)
                                                                                                                               (39)                (33)                (58)
Of which: Executive Directors                                                                                                   (8)                 (6)                  (9)
                   (b)
              Other                                                                                                            (31)                (27)                (49)


Non-Executive Directors’ fees                                                                                                   (2)                 (2)                  (2)
                                                                                                                               (41)                (35)                (60)
(a) Share-based benefits are expenses recognised for the period. Share-based benefits compensation on a vesting basis is €6 million (2020: €10 million; 2019: €17 million).
(b) Other includes all members of the Unilever Leadership Executive, other than Executive Directors.

Key management are defined as the members of Unilever Leadership Executive (ULE) and the Non-Executive Directors. Compensation for the ULE
includes the full-year compensation for ULE members who joined part way through the year.
Details of the remuneration of Directors are given in the parts noted as audited in the Directors’ Remuneration Report on pages 84 to 104.


4B. Pensions and similar obligations
For defined benefit plans, operating and finance costs are recognised separately in the income statement. The amount charged to operating
cost in the income statement is the cost of accruing pension benefits promised to employees over the year, plus the costs of individual events
such as past service benefit changes, settlements and curtailments (such events are recognised immediately in the income statement). The
amount charged or credited to finance costs is a net interest expense calculated by applying the liability discount rate to the net defined benefit
liability or asset. Any differences between the expected interest on assets and the return actually achieved, and any changes in the liabilities over
the year due to changes in assumptions or experience within the plans, are recognised immediately in the statement of comprehensive income.
The defined benefit plan surplus or deficit on the balance sheet comprises the total for each plan of the fair value of plan assets less the present
value of the defined benefit liabilities (using a discount rate based on high-quality corporate bonds, or a suitable alternative where there is no
active corporate bond market).
All defined benefit plans are subject to regular actuarial review using the projected unit method by external consultants. The Group policy is that
the most material plans, representing approximately 86% of the defined benefit liabilities, are formally valued every year. Other material plans,
accounting for a further 10% of the liabilities, have their liabilities updated each year. Group policy for the remaining plans requires a full
actuarial valuation at least every three years. Asset values for all plans are updated every year.




                                                                                                                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For defined contribution plans, the charges to the income statement are the company contributions payable, as the company’s obligation is
limited to the contributions paid into the plans. The assets and liabilities of such plans are not included in the balance sheet of the Group.

Description of plans
The Group increasingly operates a number of defined contribution plans, the assets of which are held in external funds. In certain countries, the
Group operates defined benefit pension plans based on employee pensionable remuneration and length of service. The majority of defined
benefit plans are either career average, final salary or hybrid plans and operate on a funded basis with assets held in external funds. Benefits are
determined by the plan rules and are linked to inflation in some countries. Our largest plans are in the UK and the Netherlands. In the UK, we
operate a career average defined benefit plan (with a salary limit for benefit accrual) which is closed to new entrants, and a defined contribution
plan. In the Netherlands, we operate a collective defined contribution plan for all new benefit accrual and a closed career average defined benefit
plan for benefits built up to April 2015.
The Group also provides other post-employment benefits, mainly post-employment healthcare plans in the US. These plans are
predominantly unfunded.
Governance
The majority of the Group’s externally funded plans are established as trusts, foundations or similar entities. The operation of these entities is
governed by local regulations and practice in each country, as is the nature of the relationship between the Group and the Trustees (or equivalent)
and their composition. Where Trustees (or equivalent) are in place to operate plans, they are generally required to act on behalf of the plan’s
stakeholders. They are tasked with periodic reviews of the solvency of the plan in accordance with local legislation and play a role in the long-term
investment and funding strategy. The Group also has an internal body, the Pensions and Equity Committee, that is responsible for setting the
company’s policies and decision-making on plan matters, including but not limited to design, funding, investments, risk management
and governance.
126                                                                                                       Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

4B. Pensions and similar obligations continued
Investment strategy
The Group’s investment strategy in respect of its funded plans is implemented within the framework of the various statutory requirements of the
territories where the plans are based. The Group has developed policy guidelines for the allocation of assets to different classes with the objective
of controlling risk and maintaining the right balance between risk and long-term returns in order to limit the cost to the Group of the benefits
provided. To achieve this, investments are well diversified, such that the failure of any single investment would not have a material impact on the
overall level of assets. The plans expose the Group to a number of actuarial risks such as investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk and, in
certain countries, inflation risk. There are no unusual entity or plan-specific risks to the Group. The plans invest a reducing proportion of assets
in equities and, for risk control, an increasing proportion in liability matching assets (bonds). There are also investments in property and other
alternative assets; additionally, the Group uses derivatives to further mitigate the impact of the risks outlined above. The majority of assets are
managed by a number of external fund managers with a small proportion managed in-house. Unilever has a pooled investment vehicle (Univest)
which it believes offers its pension plans around the world a simplified externally managed investment vehicle to implement their strategic asset
allocation models, currently for bonds, equities and alternative assets. The aim is to provide high-quality, well diversified, cost-effective, risk-
controlled vehicles. The pension plans’ investments are overseen by Unilever’s internal investment company, the Univest Company.
Assumptions
With the objective of presenting the assets and liabilities of the pensions and other post-employment benefit plans at their fair value on the
balance sheet, assumptions under IAS 19 are set by reference to market conditions at the valuation date. The actuarial assumptions used to
calculate the benefit liabilities vary according to the country in which the plan is situated. The following table shows the assumptions, weighted by
liabilities, used to value the principal defined benefit plans (representing approximately 96% of total pension liabilities and other post-employment
benefit liabilities).

                                                                                                     31 December 2021                    31 December 2020
                                                                                                           Other post-                         Other post-
                                                                                       Defined benefit    employment      Defined benefit     employment
                                                                                        pension plans     benefit plans    pension plans      benefit plans
Discount rate                                                                                    1.8%             3.6%              1.3%              3.3%
Inflation                                                                                        2.6%              n/a              2.2%              n/a
Rate of increase in salaries                                                                     3.2%             3.0%              2.9%              3.0%
Rate of increase for pensions in payment (where provided)                                        2.5%              n/a              2.1%              n/a
Rate of increase for pensions in deferment (where provided)                                      2.7%              n/a              2.3%              n/a
Long-term medical cost inflation                                                                  n/a             5.1%               n/a              5.1%

The valuations of other post-employment benefit plans generally assume a higher initial level of medical cost inflation, which falls from 7% to the
long-term rate after five years. Assumed healthcare cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for healthcare plans.
During 2021, changes were made to our discount rate assumption setting methodology to reflect changes made more generally by corporates and
their advisers which resulted in a €200 million higher liability.
For the UK and Netherlands pension plans, representing approximately 70% of all defined benefit pension liabilities, the assumptions used at 31
December 2021 and 2020 were:

                                                                                                        United Kingdom                        Netherlands
                                                                                                2021             2020              2021              2020
Discount rate                                                                                   1.9%             1.4%             1.1%               0.7%
Inflation                                                                                       3.2%             2.7%             1.9%               1.5%
Rate of increase in salaries                                                                    3.7%             3.3%             2.4%               2.0%
Rate of increase for pensions in payment (where provided)                                       3.1%             2.7%             1.9%               1.5%
Rate of increase for pensions in deferment (where provided)                                     3.1%             2.7%             1.9%               1.5%
Number of years a current pensioner is expected to live beyond age 65:
   Men                                                                                          21.8              21.7             21.6              21.5
   Women                                                                                        23.6              23.4             23.7              23.6
Number of years a future pensioner currently aged 45 is expected to live beyond
age 65:
   Men                                                                                          22.8              22.7             23.5              23.4
   Women                                                                                        24.8              24.6             25.5              25.4

Demographic assumptions, such as mortality rates, are set with having regard to the latest trends in life expectancy (including expectations of
future improvements), plan experience and other relevant data. These assumptions are reviewed and updated as necessary as part of the periodic
actuarial valuation of the pension plans. The years of life expectancy for 2021 above have been translated from the following tables:
UK: Standard life expectancy tables Series S3, adjusted to reflect the experience of our plan members analysed as part of the 2019 actuarial
valuation. Future improvements in longevity have been allowed for in line with the core CMI 2018 Mortality Projections Model with a 1% p.a. long-
term improvement rate.
Netherlands: The Dutch Actuarial Society’s AG Prognosetafel 2020 table is used with correction factors (2020) to allow for the typically longer life
expectancy for fund members relative to the general population. This table has an in-built allowance for future improvements in longevity.
The impact from changes to the assumptions of the remaining defined benefit plans are considered immaterial. Their assumptions vary due to a
number of factors including the currency and long-term economic conditions of the countries where they are situated.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                          127




4B. Pensions and similar obligations continued
Income statement
The charge to the income statement comprises:

                                                                                                                        € million           € million          € million
                                                                                                       Notes               2021                2020                2019
Charged to operating profit:
Defined benefit pension and other benefit plans:
            Current service cost                                                                                           (228)               (223)               (216)
            Employee contributions                                                                                           13                  17                     17
            Special termination benefits                                                                                    (15)                (37)                    (5)
            Past service cost including (losses)/gains on curtailments                                                       18                  20                     65
            Settlements                                                                                                        1                   7                    (2)
Defined contribution plans                                                                                                 (190)               (203)               (193)
Total operating cost                                                                                      4A               (401)               (419)               (334)
                           (a)
Finance income/(cost)                                                                                        5              (10)                  (9)               (30)
Net impact on the income statement (before tax)                                                                            (411)               (428)               (364)
(a) This includes the impact of interest on asset ceiling.


Statement of comprehensive income
Amounts recognised in the statement of comprehensive income on the remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability/asset.

                                                                                                                        € million           € million          € million
                                                                                                                           2021                2020                2019
Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in net finance income/(cost)                                             1,958               1,494              2,385
Change in asset ceiling excluding amounts included in finance cost                                                          (17)                   2                (37)
Actuarial gains/(losses) arising from changes in demographic assumptions                                                      (4)               246                 183
Actuarial gains/(losses) arising from changes in financial assumptions                                                      342              (1,414)             (2,138)
Experience gains/(losses) arising on pension plan and other benefit plan liabilities                                        126                 (78)                (12)
Total of defined benefit costs recognised in other comprehensive income                                                   2,405                 250                 381

Balance sheet
The assets, liabilities and surplus/(deficit) position of the pension and other post-employment benefit plans at the balance sheet date were:


                                                                                                                 € million 2021                           € million 2020
                                                                                                                   Other post-                              Other post-
                                                                                                                  employment                               employment
                                                                                             Pension plans       benefit plans        Pension plans       benefit plans
Fair value of assets                                                                               26,686                     7             24,023                       9
Present value of liabilities                                                                      (23,219)                (431)             (23,272)               (447)
Computed net assets/(liabilities)                                                                    3,467                (424)                 751                (438)
                          (a)
Irrecoverable surplus                                                                                  (50)                 —                   (26)                    —
Net pension assets/(liabilities)                                                                     3,417                (424)                 725                (438)
Of which in respect of:
   Funded plans in surplus:
      Liabilities                                                                                 (18,071)                  —               (18,043)                    —
      Assets                                                                                       23,240                   —               20,790                       1
   Aggregate surplus                                                                                 5,169                  —                 2,747                      1




                                                                                                                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (a)
      Irrecoverable surplus                                                                            (50)                 —                   (26)                    —
      Pension asset net of liabilities                                                               5,119                  —                 2,721                      1
   Funded plans in deficit:
      Liabilities                                                                                   (4,245)                (39)              (4,310)                (40)
      Assets                                                                                         3,446                    7               3,233                      8
      Pension liability net of assets                                                                 (799)                (32)              (1,077)                (32)
   Unfunded plans:
      Pension liability                                                                               (903)               (392)                (919)               (407)
(a) A surplus is deemed recoverable to the extent that the Group is able to benefit economically from the surplus. Unilever assesses the maximum economic benefit
    available through a combination of refunds and reductions in future contributions in accordance with local legislation and individual financing arrangements with
    each of our funded defined benefit plans.
128                                                                                                            Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

4B. Pensions and similar obligations continued
Reconciliation of change in assets and liabilities
The group of plans within ‘Rest of world’ category in the tables below are not materially different with respect to their risks that would require
disaggregated disclosure.
Movements in assets during the year:

                                                                                      Rest of    € million                             Rest of    € million
                                                                  UK    Netherlands    world    2021 Total        UK    Netherlands     world    2020 Total
1 January                                                    12,499          5,587    5,920       24,006     12,122          5,522     6,082       23,726
Employee contributions                                            —             —         13           13         —             —         17            17
Settlements                                                       —             —         —            —          —             —         (67)         (67)
Actual return on plan assets (excluding
amounts in net finance income/charge)                          1,092           560      306        1,958       1,109           206       179         1,494
Change in asset ceiling excluding
amounts included in interest expenses                             —             —        (17)         (17)        —             —           2             2
                   (a)
Interest income                                                 181             39      124          344        230             60       146          436
Employer contributions                                          100             72      222          394        104             12       282          398
Benefit payments                                                (501)         (159)    (475)      (1,135)       (467)         (166)     (507)       (1,140)
Other                                                             —             —        (47)         (47)        46           (47)       21            20
Currency retranslation                                          961             —       166        1,127        (645)           —       (235)         (880)
31 December                                                  14,332          6,099    6,212       26,643     12,499          5,587     5,920       24,006
(a) This includes the impact of interest on asset ceiling.

Movements in liabilities during the year:

                                                                                      Rest of    € million                            Rest of     € million
                                                                  UK    Netherlands    world    2021 Total        UK    Netherlands    world     2020 Total
1 January                                                    (11,148)       (5,060)   (7,511)    (23,719)    (11,001)       (5,097)   (7,824)     (23,922)
Current service cost                                           (127)            (4)      (97)       (228)      (114)            (3)     (106)        (223)
Special termination benefits                                      —             —       (15)          (15)        —             —        (37)          (37)
Past service costs including losses/(gains)
on curtailments                                                   (1)           —        19            18        17             —           3           20
Settlements                                                       —             —          1            1         —             —         74            74
Interest cost                                                  (161)           (35)    (158)        (354)      (208)           (55)     (182)        (445)
Actuarial gain/(loss) arising from changes
in demographic assumptions                                        (2)           (6)        4           (4)        (1)          245          2         246
Actuarial gain/(loss) arising from changes
in financial assumptions                                        225            (23)     140          342        (806)         (354)     (254)      (1,414)
Actuarial gain/(loss) arising from
experience adjustments                                           95             32        (1)        126         (67)           (6)        (5)         (78)
Benefit payments                                                501            159      475        1,135        467            166       507         1,140
Other                                                             —             —        48            48        (44)           44       (38)          (38)
Currency retranslation                                         (835)            —      (165)      (1,000)       609             —        349          958
31 December                                                  (11,453)       (4,937)   (7,260)    (23,650)    (11,148)       (5,060)   (7,511)     (23,719)
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                            129




4B. Pensions and similar obligations continued
Movements in (deficit)/surplus during the year:

                                                                                    Rest of      € million                          Rest of      € million
                                                               UK     Netherlands    world      2021 Total      UK    Netherlands    world      2020 Total
1 January                                                    1,351           527    (1,591)          287     1,121           425    (1,742)         (196)
Current service cost                                         (127)            (4)      (97)         (228)    (114)            (3)    (106)          (223)
Employee contributions                                          —             —        13              13       —             —        17              17
Special termination benefits                                    —             —        (15)           (15)      —             —        (37)           (37)
Past service costs including losses/(gains)
on curtailments                                                 (1)           —         19             18      17             —             3          20
Settlements                                                     —             —             1           1       —             —             7             7
Actual return on plan assets (excluding
amounts in net finance income/charge)                        1,092           560      306          1,958     1,109           206      179          1,494
Change in asset ceiling, excluding
amounts included in interest expenses                           —             —        (17)           (17)      —             —             2             2
Interest cost                                                (161)           (35)     (158)         (354)     (208)          (55)     (182)         (445)
                   (a)
Interest income                                               181             39      124            344      230             60      146            436
Actuarial gain/(loss) arising from changes
in demographic assumptions                                      (2)           (6)           4          (4)      (1)          245            2        246
Actuarial gain/(loss) arising from changes
in financial assumptions                                      225            (23)     140            342     (806)          (354)     (254)       (1,414)
Actuarial gain/(loss) arising from
experience adjustments                                         95             32        (1)          126       (67)           (6)       (5)           (78)
Employer contributions                                        100             72      222            394      104             12      282            398
Benefit payments                                                —             —         —              —        —             —         —              —
Other                                                           —             —             1           1        2            (3)      (17)           (18)
Currency retranslation                                        126             —             1        127       (36)           —       114              78
31 December                                                  2,879         1,162    (1,048)        2,993     1,351           527    (1,591)          287
(a) This includes the impact of interest on asset ceiling.

The actual return on plan assets during 2021 was €2,302 million, being €1,958 million of asset returns and €344 million of interest income shown in
the tables above (2020: €1,930 million).
Movements in irrecoverable surplus during the year:

                                                                                    Rest of      € million                          Rest of      € million
                                                               UK     Netherlands    world      2021 Total      UK    Netherlands    world      2020 Total
1 January                                                       —             —        (26)           (26)      —             —        (37)           (37)
Interest income                                                 —             —         (2)            (2)      —             —         (1)            (1)
Change in irrecoverable surplus in excess
of interest                                                     —             —        (17)           (17)      —             —             2             2
Currency retranslations                                         —             —         (5)            (5)      —             —        10              10
31 December                                                     —             —        (50)           (50)      —             —        (26)           (26)

The duration of the principal defined benefit plan liabilities (representing 96% of total pension liabilities and other post-employment benefit
liabilities) and the split of liabilities between different categories of plan participants are:

                                                                                    Rest of                                         Rest of
                                                                                         (a)                                             (a)
                                                               UK     Netherlands   world       2021 Total      UK    Netherlands   world       2020 Total
Duration (years)                                                18            18        12        7 to 21       18            18        13        7 to 22




                                                                                                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Active members                                                12%           12%       20%            14%      12%           12%       20%            14%
Deferred members                                              36%           43%       17%            33%      35%           43%       17%            32%
Retired members                                               52%           45%       63%            53%      53%           45%       63%            54%
(a) Rest of world numbers shown are weighted averages by liabilities.
130                                                                                                                        Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

4B. Pensions and similar obligations continued
Plan assets
The group of plans within ‘Rest of world’ category in the tables below are not materially different with respect to their risks that would require
disaggregated disclosure.
The fair value of plan assets, which are reported net of fund liabilities that are not employee benefits, at the end of the reporting period for each
category are as follows:

                                                                                                     € million                                                   € million
                                                                                           31 December 2021                                              31 December 2020
                                                                                        Rest of                                                    Rest of
                                                             UK    Netherlands           world     2021 Total                UK    Netherlands      world       2020 Total
Total Assets                                            14,332           6,099          6,255         26,686              12,499         5,587      5,937         24,023
Assets
Equities Total                                           1,714           1,676          1,835          5,225               4,653         1,837      1,694          8,184
    - Europe                                                352            271            569          1,192                921           437        506           1,864
    - North America                                      1,030           1,001            829          2,860               2,740          894        747           4,381
    - Other                                                 332            404            437          1,173                992           506        441           1,939
Fixed Income Total                                       8,875           3,353          3,176         15,404               5,819         2,766      3,108         11,693
    - Government bonds                                   6,243           1,179          1,396          8,818               3,292          798       1,367          5,457
    - Investment grade corporate bonds                   1,160             537          1,109          2,806               1,167          540       1,111          2,818
   - Other Fixed Income                                  1,472           1,637            671          3,780               1,360         1,428       630           3,418
Private Equity                                              424             77              17           518                274            64             9          347
Property and Real Estate                                 1,021             517            356          1,894                835           456        332           1,623
Hedge Funds                                                 381              —              75           456                318             —            62          380
Other                                                    1,823             322            359          2,504                470           320        377           1,167
Other Plans                                                  —               —            421             421                 —             —        370             370
Assets/Fund (Liabilities) that are not
employee benefits
Derivatives                                                  94            154              16            264               130           144            (15)        259


The fair values of the above equity and fixed income instruments are determined based on quoted market prices in active markets. The fair value of
private equity, properties, derivatives and hedge funds are not based on quoted market prices in active markets. The Group uses derivatives and
other instruments to hedge some of its exposure to inflation and interest rate risk – the degree of this hedging of liabilities was 100% for both
interest rate and inflation for the UK plan and 35% for interest rate and 19% for inflation for the Netherlands plan. Foreign currency exposures, in
part, are also hedged by the use of forward foreign exchange contracts. Assets included in the Other category are cash and insurance contracts
which are also unquoted assets.
Equity securities include Unilever securities amounting to €1 million (0.002% of total plan assets) and €9 million (0.04% of total plan assets) at 31
December 2021 and 2020 respectively. Property includes property occupied by Unilever amounting to €74 million and €29 million at 31 December
2021 and 2020 respectively.
The pension assets above exclude the assets in a Special Benefits Trust amounting to €38 million (2020: €44 million) to fund pension and similar
obligations in the US (see also note 17A on page 157).
Sensitivities
The sensitivity of the overall pension liabilities to changes in the weighted key assumptions are:

                                                                                                                                                     Change in liabilities
                                                                                       Change in assumption                        UK      Netherlands               Total
Discount rate                                                                             Increase by 0.5%                         -8%            -8%                  -8%
Inflation rate                                                                            Increase by 0.5%                         7%              9%                  6%
Life expectancy                                                                         Increase by 1 year                         6%              5%                  5%
                                       (a)
Long-term medical cost inflation                                                          Increase by 1.0%                         0%              0%                  3%
(a) Long-term medical cost inflation only relates to post-retirement medical plans and its impact on these liabilities.

An equivalent decrease in each assumption would have an equal and opposite impact on liabilities.
The sensitivity analyses above have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of
the reporting period and may not be representative of the actual change. It is based on a change in the key assumption while holding all other
assumptions constant. When calculating the sensitivity to the assumption, the same method used to calculate the liability recognised in the
balance sheet has been applied. The methods and types of assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis did not change compared with
the previous period.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                              131




4B. Pensions and similar obligations continued
Cash flow
Group cash flow in respect of pensions and similar post-employment benefits comprises company contributions paid to funded plans and benefits
paid by the company in respect of unfunded plans. The table below sets out these amounts:
                                                                                                      € million           € million           € million           € million
                                                                                                2022 Estimate                 2021                2020                2019
Company contributions to funded plans:
                     (a)
   Defined Benefit                                                                                        190                 286                 266                 244
   Defined Contribution                                                                                   215                 190                 203                 193
Benefits paid by the Company in respect of unfunded plans:
   Defined Benefit                                                                                        110                 108                 132                 157
Group cash flow in respect of pensions and similar benefits                                               515                 584                 601                 594
(a) Following the conclusion of the 2019 Funding valuation of the US Unicare Pension Plan, the Group contributed $100 million into the plan in 2020. Deficit contributions to
    the US Pension Plan are expected to be nil for the following few years.

The Group’s funding policy is to periodically review the contributions made to the plans while taking account of local legislation.


4C. Share-based compensation plans
The fair value of awards at grant date is calculated using observable market price. This value is expensed over their vesting period, with a
corresponding credit to equity. The expense is reviewed and adjusted to reflect changes to the level of awards expected to vest, except where
this arises from a failure to meet a market condition. Any cancellations are recognised immediately in the income statement.
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had share-based compensation plans in the form of performance shares and other share awards.
The numbers in this note include those for Executive Directors shown in the Directors’ Remuneration Report on pages 84 to 104 and those for key
management shown in note 4A on page 125. Non-Executive Directors do not participate in any of the share-based compensation plans.
The charge in each of the last three years is shown below, and relates to equity-settled plans:

                                                                                                                          € million            € million           € million
Income statement charge                                                                                                       2021                 2020                2019
Performance share plans                                                                                                       (150)                 (98)               (142)
Other plans                                                                                                                    (11)                 (10)                 (9)
                                                                                                                              (161)               (108)                (151)


Performance share plans
Performance share awards are made in respect of the Management Co-Investment Plan (MCIP) and Performance Share Plan (PSP). Awards for the
Global Share Incentive Plan (GSIP) were last made in February 2018 and vested in February 2021. No further MCIP or GSIP awards will be made. The
awards of each plan will vest between 0% and 200% of grant level, subject to the level of satisfaction of performance measures (limits for Executive
Directors may vary and are detailed in the Directors’ Remuneration Report on pages 84 to 104).
The MCIP allowed Unilever’s managers to invest up to 100% of their annual bonus (a minimum of 33% and maximum of 67% for Executive Directors)
in shares in Unilever, and to receive a corresponding award of performance-related shares. From 2021, under the PSP, Unilever’s managers receive
annual awards of PLC shares. The performance measures for MCIP and PSP are underlying sales growth, underlying EPS growth, return on invested
capital and sustainability progress index for the Group. MCIP awards made will vest after four years, while PSP awards vest after three years.

A summary of the status of the Performance Share Plans as at 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019 and changes during the years ended on these
dates is presented below:

                                                                                                                              2021                 2020                2019
                                                                                                                          Number              Number               Number
                                                                                                                         of shares           of shares            of shares
Outstanding at 1 January                                                                                              11,371,436           11,137,801          13,634,518
Awarded                                                                                                                7,667,929            4,395,633           4,538,771




                                                                                                                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Vested                                                                                                                (3,425,232)          (3,240,738)         (6,041,011)
Forfeited                                                                                                             (1,295,569)            (921,260)           (994,477)
Outstanding at 31 December                                                                                            14,318,564           11,371,436          11,137,801

                                                                                                                              2021                 2020                2019
Share award value information
Fair value per share award during the year                                                                                 €47.64               €43.91              €48.22


Additional information
At 31 December 2021, shares in PLC totalling 15,370,746 (2020: 12,283,872) were outstanding in respect of share-based compensation plans of PLC
and its subsidiaries, including North American plans.
At 31 December 2021, the employee share ownership trust held 4,453,244 (2020: 5,884,511) PLC shares and PLC and its subsidiaries held 847,914
(2020: 1,382,155) PLC shares which are held as treasury shares.
132                                                                                                                        Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

4C. Share-based compensation plans continued
The book value of €388 million (2020: €483 million) of the shares held by the trust and by Unilever PLC and its subsidiaries in respect of share-based
compensation plans is eliminated on consolidation by deduction from other reserves. Their market value at 31 December 2021 was €250 million
(2020: €357 million).
Shares held to satisfy awards are accounted for in accordance with IAS 32 ‘Financial Instruments: Presentation’. All differences between the
purchase price of the shares held to satisfy awards granted and the proceeds received for the shares, whether on exercise or lapse, are charged
to reserves.
Between 31 December 2021 and 24 February 2022 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report), nil shares were granted, 2,567,252 shares
vested and 211,164 shares were forfeited related to the Performance Share Plans.




5. Net finance costs
Net finance costs are comprised of finance costs and finance income, including net finance costs in relation to pensions and similar obligations.
Finance income includes income on cash and cash equivalents and income on other financial assets. Finance costs include interest costs
in relation to financial liabilities. This includes interest on lease liabilities which represents the unwind of the discount rate applied to
lease liabilities.
Borrowing costs are recognised based on the effective interest method.

                                                                                                                              € million            € million            € million
Net finance costs                                                                                           Notes                 2021                 2020                 2019
Finance costs                                                                                                                    (501)                (672)                (821)
   Bank loans and overdrafts                                                                                                       (34)                 (32)                 (46)
                                            (a)
   Interest on bonds and other loans                                                                                             (402)                (533)                (617)
   Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                                   (72)                 (82)               (100)
                                                                                            (b)
   Net gain/(loss) on transactions for which hedge accounting is not applied                                                         7                  (25)                 (58)
      On foreign exchange derivatives                                                                                              (68)                275                 (321)
      Exchange difference on underlying items                                                                                       75                (300)                 263

                   (c)
Finance income                                                                                                                    147                  232                  224
Pensions and similar obligations                                                                               4B                  (10)                  (9)                 (30)

                                                         (d)
Net finance costs before non-underlying items                                                                                    (364)                (449)                (627)
Interest related to the UK tax audit of intangible income and centralised
services                                                                                                         3                  10                  (56)                  —
                                                                                                                                 (354)                (505)                (627)
(a) Interest on bonds and other loans includes the impact of interest rate derivatives that are part of hedge accounting relationships and the related recycling of results
    from the hedge accounting reserve. Includes an amount of €(19) million (2020: €(21) million) relating to unwinding of discount on deferred consideration for
    acquisitions.
(b) For further details of derivatives for which hedge accounting is not applied, please refer to note 16C.
(c) Includes an amount of €8 million (2020: €90 million) that relates to interest on tax settlement in Brazil and €7 million (2020: €27 million) related to interest on corporate
    income tax refund in India.
(d) See note 3 for explanation of non-underlying items.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                               133




6. Taxation
6A. Income tax
Income tax on the profit for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax is recognised in the income statement except to the extent
that it relates to items recognised directly in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date, and any adjustments to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Current tax in the consolidated income statement will differ from the income tax paid in the consolidated cash flow statement primarily because
of deferred tax arising on temporary differences and payment dates for income tax occurring after the balance sheet date.

Unilever is subject to taxation in the many countries in which it operates. The tax legislation of these countries differs, is often complex and is
subject to interpretation by management and the government authorities. These matters of judgement give rise to the need to create provisions
for tax payments that may arise in future years with respect to transactions already undertaken. Provisions are made against individual
exposures and take into account the specific circumstances of each case, including the strength of technical arguments, recent case law
decisions or rulings on similar issues and relevant external advice. The provision is estimated based on one of two methods, the expected value
method (the sum of the probability weighted amounts in a range of possible outcomes) or the single most likely amount method, depending on
which is expected to better predict the resolution of the uncertainty.


                                                                                                                           € million            € million            € million
Tax charge in income statement                                                                                                 2021                 2020                 2019
Current tax
Current year                                                                                                                 (2,399)             (2,128)              (2,098)
Over/(under) provided in prior years                                                                                            245                 (154)                119
                                                                                                                             (2,154)             (2,282)              (1,979)
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                               189                 344                 (255)
Changes in tax rates                                                                                                             15                  (19)                (59)
Recognition of previously unrecognised losses brought forward                                                                    15                   34                  30
                                                                                                                                219                 359                 (284)
                                                                                                                             (1,935)             (1,923)              (2,263)

The reconciliation between the computed weighted average rate of income tax expense, which is generally applicable to Unilever companies, and
the actual rate of taxation charged is as follows:

Reconciliation of effective tax rate                                                                                         % 2021               % 2020              % 2019
                           (a)
Computed rate of tax                                                                                                             24                   23                  24
Differences between computed rate of tax and effective tax rate due to:
   Incentive tax credits                                                                                                          (2)                 (2)                     (2)
   Withholding tax on dividends                                                                                                    2                   2                      3
   Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                                                        1                   1                      1
   Irrecoverable withholding tax                                                                                                   1                   1                      1
   Income tax reserve adjustments – current and prior year                                                                        (1)                 (1)                     —
   Transfer to/(from) unrecognised deferred tax assets                                                                            —                   —                       (2)
   Others                                                                                                                         (2)                 (1)                     1
Underlying effective tax rate                                                                                                    23                   23                  26
                                                                                                 (b)
   Taxes related to the UK tax audit of intangible income and centralised services                                                —                    1                      —
                                                                            (b)
    Taxes related to the reorganisation of our European business                                                                  (1)                  1                      2




                                                                                                                                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   (b)
    Hyperinflation adjustment for Argentina deferred tax                                                                           1                  —                       —
Effective tax rate                                                                                                               23                   25                  28
(a) The computed tax rate used is the average of the standard rate of tax applicable in the countries in which Unilever operates, weighted by the amount of underlying
    profit before taxation generated in each of those countries. For this reason, the rate may vary from year to year according to the mix of profit and related tax rates.
(b) See note 3 for explanation of non-underlying items.

Our tax rate is reduced by incentive tax credits, the benefit from preferential tax regimes that have been legislated by the countries and provinces
concerned in order to promote economic development and investment. The tax rate is increased by business expenses which are not deductible for
tax, such as entertainment costs and some interest expense and by irrecoverable withholding taxes on dividends paid by subsidiary companies
and on other cross-border payments such as royalties and service fees, which cannot be offset against other taxes due. Uncertain tax provisions
including the related interest and penalties amounted to €858 million (2020: €879 million). In 2020, a provision of €186 million was established in
respect of the tax amortisation of intangible assets, including goodwill, related to Horlicks in India. In 2021, the law was changed to exclude
goodwill from the definition of tax depreciable assets effective 1 April 2020. We are therefore now only providing for the amortisation of other
intangibles, and our expectation is that we will continue to provide for this until the matter is resolved.
The Group's future tax charge and effective tax rate could be affected by several factors, including changes in tax laws and their interpretation,
the implementation of the OECD Pillars 1 and 2, EU and US tax changes, as well as the impact of acquisitions, disposals and restructuring of
our business.
134                                                                                                                            Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

6B. Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognised using the liability method on taxable temporary differences between the tax base and the accounting base of items
included in the balance sheet of the Group. Certain temporary differences are not provided for as follows:
▪ goodwill not deductible for tax purposes;
▪ the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit; and
▪ differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and
liabilities, using tax rates enacted, or substantively enacted, at the year end.
A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be
utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.


                                                         € million      € million     € million         € million             € million          € million        € million           € million
                                                             As at                                         As at              As at                                                      As at
                                                        1 January        Income                     31 December        31 December              Income                            31 December
Movements in 2021 and 2020                                   2021     statement          Other             2021               2020           statement              Other                2020
Pensions and similar obligations                               80           (73)         (661)                (654)               272                (97)             (95)                  80
Provisions and accruals                                      698            (11)            39                726                 756                 38              (96)                698
Goodwill and intangible assets                            (2,734)           249          (963)            (3,448)              (2,096)                23             (661)             (2,734)
Accelerated tax depreciation                                (641)            33              8                (600)              (685)                  9              35                (641)
Tax losses                                                   190              (2)          (16)               172                 184                 32              (26)                190
Fair value gains                                              (52)           19            (27)                (60)               (50)                12              (14)                 (52)
Fair value losses                                              45              1           (44)                  2                 15                  (6)             36                   45
Share-based payments                                         146               7            13                166                 156                (30)              20                 146
Lease liability                                              294            (16)            17                295                 319                   9             (34)                294
Right of use asset                                          (244)            21            (21)               (244)              (269)                 (4)             29                (244)
        (a)
Other                                                        526              (9)           63                580                 161                373                (8)               526
                                                          (1,692)           219        (1,592)            (3,065)              (1,237)               359             (814)             (1,692)
(a) The deferred tax-other includes the recognition of an asset of €345 million (2020: €345 million) relating to the impact of the expected outcome of the Mutual
    Agreement Procedure which Unilever applied for following the conclusion of the UK tax audit for the tax years 2011-2018.

At the balance sheet date, the Group had unused tax losses of €4,649 million (2020: €4,808 million) and tax credits amounting to €440 million (2020:
€454 million) available for offset against future taxable profits. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of unused tax losses of
€4,247 million (2020: €4,246 million) and tax credits of €418 million (2020: €429 million), as it is not probable that there will be future taxable profits
within the entities against which the losses and credits can be utilised. Of these losses, €254 million (2020: €4,195 million) have expiry dates, being
corporate income tax losses in the USA, Korea and China which expire between now and 2041. In 2020 the majority of the €4,195 million figure
related to the Netherlands; in 2021 there has been a change in legislation in the Netherlands and losses can now be carried forward indefinitely.
Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of other deductible temporary differences of €1,651 million (2020: €1,445 million) as it is
not expected they will be utilised. Of these differences, €1,583 million (2020: €1,193 million) relates to limitation on the deduction of interest
expenses. There is no expiry date for these differences.
At the balance sheet date, the aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with undistributed earnings of subsidiaries for which
deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised was €2,247 million (2020: €2,097 million). No liability has been recognised in respect of these
differences because the Group is in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences, and it is probable that such
differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and
when the deferred income taxes relate to the same fiscal authority. The following amounts, determined after appropriate offsetting, are shown in
the consolidated balance sheet:

                                                                                                  € million     € million         € million         € million       € million         € million
                                                                                                    Assets           Assets     Liabilities        Liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities                                                                  2021             2020           2021               2020      Total 2021        Total 2020
Pensions and similar obligations                                                                      322             404            (976)             (324)           (654)               80
Provisions and accruals                                                                               426             408             300               290             726               698
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                        453             330          (3,901)           (3,064)         (3,448)           (2,734)
Accelerated tax depreciation                                                                          (66)             (37)          (534)             (604)           (600)             (641)
Tax losses                                                                                            148             161                 24                 29         172               190
Fair value gains                                                                                      (15)              (1)               (45)           (51)            (60)             (52)
Fair value losses                                                                                        5              27                 (3)               18               2            45
Share-based payments                                                                                   38               26            128               120             166               146
Lease liability                                                                                       142             157             153               137             295               294
Right of use asset                                                                                   (119)            (128)          (125)             (116)           (244)             (244)
Other                                                                                                 131             127             449               399             580               526
                                                                                                    1,465            1,474         (4,530)           (3,166)         (3,065)           (1,692)
Of which deferred tax to be recovered/(settled) after more than 12 months                           1,194            1,230         (4,684)           (3,311)         (3,490)           (2,081)
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                               135




6C. Tax on items recognised in equity or other comprehensive income
Income tax is recognised in equity or other comprehensive income for items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income.

Tax effects directly recognised in equity or other comprehensive income were as follows:

                                                                                                 € million    € million    € million     € million     € million     € million
                                                                                                                  Tax                                       Tax
                                                                                                             (charge)/                                 (charge)/
                                                                                               Before tax       credit     After tax   Before tax         credit    After tax
Movements in 2021 and 2020                                                                          2021         2021          2021         2020           2020         2020
Gains/(losses) on:
   Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income                               178          (12)         166            77              1           78
   Cash flow hedges                                                                                  291          (12)         279            87             (27)         60
Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans                                                     2,405         (671)       1,734           250             (35)        215
Currency retranslation gains/(losses)                                                              1,237          (60)       1,177        (2,646)            56       (2,590)
                                                                                                   4,111         (755)       3,356        (2,232)             (5)     (2,237)




7. Combined earnings per share
The combined earnings per share calculations are based on the average number of share units representing the combined ordinary shares of NV
and PLC in issue during the period, less the average number of shares held as treasury shares.
In calculating diluted earnings per share and underlying earnings per share, a number of adjustments are made to the number of shares,
principally, the exercise of share plans by employees.
Underlying earnings per share is calculated as underlying profit attributable to shareholders’ equity divided by the diluted average number of
ordinary shares. In calculating underlying profit attributable to shareholders’ equity, net profit attributable to shareholders’ equity is adjusted to
eliminate the post-tax impact of non-underlying items in operating profit and any other significant unusual items within net profit but not
operating profit.

Earnings per share for total operations for the 12 months were as follows:

                                                                                                                                €                      €                   €
                                                                                                                              2021                   2020               2019
Basic earnings per share                                                                                                     2.33                    2.13               2.15
Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                   2.32                    2.12               2.14
Underlying earnings per share                                                                                                2.62                    2.48               2.55

                                                                                                                                                       Millions of share units
Calculation of average number of share units                                                                                  2021                   2020                2019
Average number of shares: PLC                                                                                             2,629.2              1,351.1               1,175.5
                                 NV                                                                                            0.0             1,278.1               1,598.0
Less treasury shares held by employee share trusts and companies                                                             (29.3)                  (8.9)            (157.0)
Average number of shares - used for basic earnings per share                                                              2,599.9              2,620.3               2,616.5
Add dilutive effect of share-based compensation plans                                                                          9.7                    9.5                10.2
Diluted average number of shares - used for diluted and underlying earnings per share                                     2,609.6              2,629.8               2,626.7
(a) In the calculation of the weighted average number of share units, NV shares were included only for the period they were issued (until 29 November 2020). Following
    Unification, all NV shares were cancelled and the shareholders of NV were issued PLC ordinary shares on a 1:1 ratio. Accordingly, there was no significant impact on the
    average number of share units as a result of Unification.
                                                                                                                          € million            € million             € million




                                                                                                                                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Calculation of earnings                                                                                  Notes                2021                   2020                2019
Net profit                                                                                                                  6,621                6,073                 6,026
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                    (572)                   (492)              (401)
Net profit attributable to shareholders’ equity - used for basic and diluted
earnings per share                                                                                                          6,049                5,581                 5,625
Post-tax impact of non-underlying items                                                                      3                790                    951               1,063
Underlying profit attributable to shareholders’ equity – used for underlying
earnings per share                                                                                                          6,839                6,532                 6,688
136                                                                                                          Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued


8. Dividends on ordinary capital
Dividends are recognised on the date that the shareholder’s right to receive payment is established. This is generally the date when the dividend
is declared.


                                                                                                                  € million            € million         € million
Dividends on ordinary capital during the year                                                                        2021                 2020              2019
PLC dividends                                                                                                      (4,458)              (1,911)           (1,871)
NV dividends                                                                                                            —               (2,389)           (2,352)
                                                                                                                   (4,458)              (4,300)           (4,223)

Four quarterly interim dividends were declared and paid during 2021, totalling £1.48 (2020: £1.45) per PLC ordinary share.
A quarterly dividend of €1,137 million (2020: €1,125 million) was declared on 10 February 2022, to be paid in March 2022; £0.36 per PLC ordinary
share (2020: £0.38). Total dividends declared in relation to 2021 were £1.46 (2020: £1.48) per PLC ordinary share.


9. Goodwill and intangible assets
Goodwill
Goodwill is initially recognised based on the accounting policy for business combinations (see note 21). Goodwill is subsequently measured at
cost less amounts provided for impairment.
Goodwill acquired in a business combination is assessed to determine whether new cash generating units are created, and if not, is allocated to
the Group’s CGUs, or groups of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. These might not always be the same as
the CGUs that include the assets and liabilities of the acquired business. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated represents
the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, and is not larger than an operating
segment.
The Group has eleven cash generating units (CGUs) based on the three Divisions by geography and a Health & Wellbeing CGU. In 2021, a new
CGU has been recognised following the announcement of the separation of ekaterra.
Intangible assets
Separately purchased intangible assets are initially measured at cost, being the purchase price as at the date of acquisition. On acquisition of
new interests in group companies, Unilever recognises any specifically identifiable intangible assets separately from goodwill. These intangible
assets are initially measured at fair value as at the date of acquisition.
Expenditure to support development of internally produced intangible assets is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
Indefinite-life intangibles mainly comprise trademarks and brands, for which there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which they are
expected to generate net cash inflows. These are considered to have an indefinite life, given the strength and durability of our brands and the
level of marketing support. These assets are not amortised but are subject to a review for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or
circumstances indicate this is necessary. Any impairment is charged to the income statement as it arises.
Finite-life intangible assets mainly comprise software, patented and non-patented technology, know-how and customer lists. These assets are
amortised on a straight-line basis in the income statement over the period of their expected useful lives, or the period of legal rights if shorter.
None of the amortisation periods exceed ten years.



                                                                                € million            € million          € million         € million      € million
                                                                                                                      Finite-life intangible assets
                                                                                                Indefinite-life
Movements during 2021                                                           Goodwill    intangible assets           Software             Other          Total
Cost
1 January 2021                                                                   20,118               15,420                2,819           1,074        39,431
                                                (a)
Additions through business combinations                                             741                1,753                     —                 1       2,495
Disposal of businesses                                                                (2)                   —                    —                 —           (2)
                                   (b)
Reclassification to held for sale                                                  (534)                 (362)                   (7)               —        (903)
Additions                                                                             —                     —                  229                 2         231
Disposals and other movements                                                       (18)                    —                   (44)               (3)       (65)
Hyperinflationary adjustment                                                         96                      7                   —                 —         103
Currency retranslation                                                            1,088                   863                  192                 40      2,183
31 December 2021                                                                 21,489               17,681                  3,189         1,114        43,473
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
1 January 2021                                                                   (1,176)                 (211)            (2,282)            (821)        (4,490)
Amortisation/impairment for the year                                                  —                     —                 (222)            (52)         (274)
Disposals and other movements                                                        18                      1                  48                  2         69
Currency retranslation                                                                (1)                   (1)               (153)            (32)         (187)
31 December 2021                                                                 (1,159)                 (211)            (2,609)            (903)        (4,882)
                                         (c)
Net book value 31 December 2021                                                  20,330               17,470                   580            211        38,591
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                             137




9. Goodwill and intangible assets continued
                                                                                                € million               € million             € million       € million            € million
                                                                                                                                          Finite-life intangible assets
                                                                                                                  Indefinite-life
Movements during 2020                                                                           Goodwill      intangible assets             Software             Other                Total
Cost
1 January 2020                                                                                  19,246                   12,121                 2,991           1,161               35,519
Additions through business combinations                                                           2,407                   4,244                     —                 (31)           6,620
Disposal of businesses                                                                                (1)                     —                     —                  —                 (1)
Additions                                                                                             —                       —                   156                   2              158
Disposals and other movements                                                                         —                       —                  (144)                 —              (144)
Hyperinflationary adjustment                                                                         (38)                      (5)                  —                  —                (43)
Currency retranslation                                                                           (1,496)                    (940)                (184)                (58)          (2,678)
31 December 2020                                                                                20,118                   15,420                 2,819           1,074               39,431
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
1 January 2020                                                                                   (1,179)                    (212)               (2,292)           (807)             (4,490)
Amortisation/impairment for the year                                                                  —                       —                  (279)                (54)            (333)
Disposals and other movements                                                                         —                       —                   139                  —               139
Currency retranslation                                                                                 3                        1                 150                  40              194
31 December 2020                                                                                 (1,176)                    (211)               (2,282)           (821)             (4,490)
                                          (c)
Net book value 31 December 2020                                                                 18,942                   15,209                   537              253              34,941
(a) Includes the provisional fair value of goodwill and intangibles for acquisitions made in 2021 as well as subsequent changes to the fair value of goodwill and
    intangibles for acquisitions made in 2020 where the initial acquisition accounting was provisional at the end of 2020. See note 21 for further details.
(b) Goodwill and intangibles in relation to ekaterra amounting to €899 million have been reclassified to assets held for sale. Please refer to note 22 for further details.
(c) Within indefinite-life intangible assets, there are five existing brands that have a significant carrying value: Horlicks €2,898 million (2020: €2,718), Knorr €1,803 million
    (2020: €1,744 million), Paula's Choice €1,660 million (2020: nil), Carver Korea €1,452 million (2020: €1,468 million) and Hellmann’s €1,196 million (2020: €1,112 million).
    The Paula's Choice brand was acquired in 2021 and the valuation is provisional.


Impairment
We have tested goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets for impairment. No impairment was identified.

Significant CGUs
The goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets held in the CGUs relating to Foods & Refreshment Europe, Foods & Refreshment The Americas,
Foods & Refreshment Asia/AMET/RUB, Beauty & Personal Care The Americas and Beauty & Personal Care Asia/AMET/RUB are considered significant
within the total carrying amounts of goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets at 31 December 2021.

                                                                                                                               2021 CGUs                                         2020 CGUs
                                                                                                            € billion               € billion              € billion               € billion
                                                                                                                            Indefinite-life                                 Indefinite-life
                                                                                                        Goodwill        intangible assets                 Goodwill      intangible assets
                                    (a)
Foods & Refreshment Europe                                                                                      3.9                     1.7                    4.0                      1.7
                                           (a)
Foods & Refreshment The Americas                                                                                3.5                     1.8                    3.4                     1.9
                                                 (a)
Foods & Refreshment Asia/AMET/RUB                                                                               3.9                     4.0                     3.7                     3.7
                                                 (b)
Beauty & Personal Care The Americas                                                                             4.7                     5.0                    3.8                     3.1
Beauty & Personal Care Asia/AMET/RUB                                                                            1.7                     1.9                    1.6                     1.9
Total Significant CGUs                                                                                         17.7                    14.4                   16.5                    12.3
         (c)
Others                                                                                                          2.6                     3.1                    2.4                     2.9
Total CGUs                                                                                                     20.3                    17.5                   18.9                    15.2




                                                                                                                                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(a) 2020 values contain ekaterra related goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets. Goodwill of €0.5 billion has been allocated based on the fair value of the respective
    CGUs. Goodwill of €0.2 billion is included in Europe, €0.2 billion in The Americas and €0.1 billion in Asia/AMET/RUB. Indefinite-life intangible assets of €0.3 billion are
    included in The Americas.
(b) The Paula's Choice Acquisition increased goodwill by €0.6 billion and indefinite-life intangible assets by €1.6 billion in 2021. These values are provisional.
(c) Included within Others are individually insignificant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets that have been allocated between multiple cash generating units.


Key assumptions
The recoverable amount of each CGU has been calculated based on its value in use, estimated as the present value of projected future cash flows.
The growth rates and margins for the significant CGUs are set out below:
                                                                                      Foods &             Foods &                  Foods &                 Beauty &                Beauty &
                                                                                 Refreshment         Refreshment              Refreshment             Personal Care           Personal Care
For the year 2021                                                                      Europe        The Americas          Asia/AMET/RUB               The Americas          Asia/AMET/RUB
Longer-term sustainable growth rates                                                    2.1%                    4.0%                    5.3%                 4.0%                    5.3%
Average near-term nominal growth rates                                                 (0.7)%                   2.6%                    3.0%                 1.6%                    2.7%
Average operating margins                                                                15%                     14%                     19%                  20%                     23%
138                                                                                                         Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

9. Goodwill and intangible assets continued

                                                                         Foods &             Foods &             Foods &        Beauty &          Beauty &
                                                                    Refreshment         Refreshment         Refreshment    Personal Care     Personal Care
For the year 2020                                                         Europe       The Americas      Asia/AMET/RUB      The Americas    Asia/AMET/RUB
Longer-term sustainable growth rates                                       1.1%                   1.7%            3.9%             1.7%              3.9%
Average near-term nominal growth rates                                    (1.0%)                  0.1%            4.9%             2.5%              3.4%
Average operating margins                                                   13%                   15%              16%             22%               22%


Projected cash flows include specific estimates for a period of five years. The growth rates and operating margins used to estimate cash flows for
the first five years are based on past performance and on the Group’s three-year strategic plan, which includes the impact on our business of
climate change and activities we are undertaking to reduce carbon emissions, extended to years four and five.
The estimated cash flows after year five are extrapolated using a longer-term sustainable growth rate, which is determined as the lower of our own
three-year average market growth projection and external forecasts for the relevant market.
In 2021, the projected cash flows are discounted using pre-tax discount rates of between 6.4% and 7.6% (2020: 6.0% and 7.4%). The discount rates
are specific to each CGU and are determined based on the weighted average cost of capital, including a market risk premium.
There are no reasonably possible changes in key assumptions that would cause the carrying amount of a CGU to exceed its recoverable amount.


10. Property, plant and equipment
The Group’s property, plant and equipment is comprised of owned assets (note 10A) and leased assets (note 10B). Property, plant and
equipment is measured at cost including eligible borrowing costs less depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
Property, plant and equipment is subject to review for impairment if triggering events or circumstances indicate that this is necessary. If an
indication of impairment exists, the asset’s or cash generating unit’s recoverable amount is estimated and any impairment loss is charged to the
income statement as it arises.
Owned assets
Owned assets are initially measured at historical cost. Depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis over the expected average useful lives of
the assets. Residual values are reviewed at least annually. Estimated useful lives by major class of assets are as follows:
▪ freehold buildings (no depreciation on freehold land)     40 years
▪ leasehold land and buildings                              40 years (or life of lease if less)
▪ plant and equipment                                       2-20 years
Leased assets
The cost of a leased asset is measured as the lease liability at inception of the lease contract and other direct costs less any incentives granted
by the lessor. The Group has not capitalised leases which are less than 12 months or leases of low-value assets. These mainly relate to IT
equipment, office equipment, furniture and fitting and other peripheral items. When a lease liability is remeasured, the related lease asset is
adjusted by the same amount.
Depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis from the commencement date of the lease to the end of the lease term.


                                                                                                                                € million         € million
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                     Notes            2021               2020
Owned assets                                                                                                       10A            8,833             8,909
Leased assets                                                                                                       10B           1,514             1,649
Total                                                                                                                           10,347             10,558
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                           139




10A. Owned assets
                                                                                                     € million       € million   € million
                                                                                                    Land and        Plant and
Movements during 2021                                                                               buildings      equipment        Total
Cost
1 January 2021                                                                                         4,203         14,305      18,508
Additions through business combinations                                                                       1             2            3
Additions                                                                                                   100        1,008       1,108
Disposals and other movements                                                                           (136)           (764)       (900)
Hyperinflationary adjustment                                                                                 46          109         155
Reclassification as held for sale                                                                       (131)           (731)       (862)
Currency retranslation                                                                                      183          533         716
31 December 2021                                                                                       4,266         14,462      18,728
Accumulated depreciation
1 January 2021                                                                                        (1,440)         (8,159)     (9,599)
Depreciation charge for the year                                                                        (137)           (905)     (1,042)
Disposals and other movements                                                                                93          650         743
Hyperinflationary adjustment                                                                                 (6)         (50)        (56)
Reclassification as held for sale                                                                            46          398         444
Currency retranslation                                                                                      (64)        (321)       (385)
31 December 2021                                                                                      (1,508)         (8,387)     (9,895)
                                        (a)
Net book value 31 December 2021                                                                        2,758           6,075       8,833
Includes capital expenditures for assets under construction                                                  93          881         974
(a) Includes €380 million of freehold land.

The Group has commitments to purchase property, plant and equipment of €386 million (2020: €251 million).

                                                                                                     € million       € million   € million
                                                                                                    Land and        Plant and
Movements during 2020                                                                               buildings      equipment        Total
Cost
1 January 2020                                                                                         4,498         15,844      20,342
Additions through business combinations                                                                     122           44         166
Additions                                                                                                   107          756         863
Disposals and other movements                                                                               (90)        (901)       (991)
Hyperinflationary adjustment                                                                                (18)         (27)        (45)
Reclassification as held for sale                                                                           (19)         (81)       (100)
Currency retranslation                                                                                  (397)         (1,330)     (1,727)
31 December 2020                                                                                       4,203         14,305      18,508
Accumulated depreciation
1 January 2020                                                                                        (1,479)         (8,614)    (10,093)
Depreciation charge for the year                                                                        (135)         (1,093)     (1,228)
Disposals and other movements                                                                                54          814         868
Hyperinflationary adjustment                                                                                  6           20          26
Reclassification as held for sale                                                                            11           60          71
Currency retranslation                                                                                      103          654         757




                                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2020                                                                                      (1,440)         (8,159)     (9,599)
                                        (a)
Net book value 31 December 2020                                                                        2,763           6,146       8,909
Includes capital expenditures for assets under construction                                                  75          660         735
(a) Includes €347 million of freehold land.
140                                                                                                       Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

10B. Leased assets
                                                                                                            € million         € million         € million
                                                                                                           Land and          Plant and
Movements during 2021                                                                                      buildings        equipment               Total
Cost
1 January 2021                                                                                                2,639               768             3,407
Additions through business combinations                                                                            4                 0                    4
Additions                                                                                                       263               110                373
Disposals and other movements                                                                                  (259)             (245)              (504)
Hyperinflationary adjustment                                                                                     (18)               —                (18)
Reclassification as held for sale                                                                                (61)               (3)              (64)
Currency retranslation                                                                                           99                31                130
31 December 2021                                                                                              2,667               661             3,328
Accumulated depreciation
1 January 2021                                                                                               (1,311)             (447)           (1,758)
Depreciation charge for the year                                                                               (307)             (123)              (430)
Disposals and other movements                                                                                   177               233                410
Reclassification as held for sale                                                                                33                  2                35
Currency retranslation                                                                                           (53)             (18)               (71)
31 December 2021                                                                                             (1,461)             (353)           (1,814)
Net book value 31 December 2021                                                                               1,206               308             1,514

                                                                                                            € million         € million          € million
                                                                                                            Land and         Plant and
Movements during 2020                                                                                       buildings       equipment               Total
Cost
1 January 2020                                                                                                2,874               827              3,701
Additions through business combinations                                                                           30                 3                33
Additions                                                                                                       390               189                579
Disposals and other movements                                                                                   (436)            (188)              (624)
Hyperinflationary adjustment                                                                                      (3)               —                  (3)
Currency retranslation                                                                                          (216)              (63)             (279)
31 December 2020                                                                                              2,639               768              3,407
Accumulated depreciation
1 January 2020                                                                                                (1,397)            (491)            (1,888)
Depreciation charge for the year                                                                                (315)            (142)              (457)
Disposals and other movements                                                                                   300               150                450
Currency retranslation                                                                                          101                36                137
31 December 2020                                                                                              (1,311)            (447)            (1,758)
Net book value 31 December 2020                                                                               1,328               321              1,649

Our leases mainly comprise of land and buildings and plant and equipment. The Group leases land and buildings for manufacturing, warehouse
facilities and office space and also sublets some property. Plant and equipment includes leases for vehicles.
The Group has recognised in the income statement, a charge of €96 million (2020: €96 million) for short-term leases and €71 million (2020: €77
million) on leases for low-value assets.
During the year, the Group recognised income of €16 million (2020: €19 million) from sublet properties.
The total cash outflow relating to leases was €535 million (2020: €525 million).
Lease liabilities are shown in note 15 on pages 144 and 147.


11. Other non-current assets
Joint ventures are undertakings in which the Group has an interest and which are jointly controlled by the Group and one or more other parties.
Associates are undertakings where the Group has an investment in which it does not have control or joint control but can exercise
significant influence.
Interests in joint ventures and associates are accounted for using the equity method and are stated in the consolidated balance sheet at cost,
adjusted for the movement in the Group’s share of their net assets and liabilities. The Group’s share of the profit or loss after tax of joint ventures
and associates is included in the Group’s consolidated profit before taxation.
Where the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the equity accounted investee, the carrying amount of the investment is reduced to zero
and the recognition of further losses is discontinued, except to the extent that the Group has an obligation to make payments on behalf of
the investee.
Biological assets are measured at fair value less costs to sell with any changes recognised in the income statement.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                141




11. Other non-current assets continued
                                                                                                                                                € million            € million
                                                                                                                                                      2021               2020
Interest in net assets of joint ventures                                                                                                               37                    29
Interest in net assets of associates                                                                                                                   23                    34
                                              (a)
Long-term trade and other receivables                                                                                                                 499                465
                                    (b)
Fair value of biological assets                                                                                                                         —                    12
                              (c)
Other non-current assets                                                                                                                              415                391
                                                                                                                                                      974                931
(a) Mainly relates to indirect tax receivables where we do not have the contractual right to receive payment within 12 months.
(b) All biological assets are part of Unilever's global tea business, ekaterra. As such, these have been moved to assets held for sale during 2021.
(c) Includes direct tax assets, withholding tax assets, interest on tax assets and contingent assets.
                                                                                                                                                € million            € million
 Movements during 2021 and 2020                                                                                                                       2021               2020
                  (a)
 Joint ventures
 1 January                                                                                                                                              29                   35
 Additions                                                                                                                                               2                     1
 Dividends received/reductions                                                                                                                        (171)             (182)
 Share of net profit/(loss)                                                                                                                           176                177
 Currency retranslation                                                                                                                                  1                    (2)
 31 December                                                                                                                                            37                   29
 Associates
 1 January                                                                                                                                              34                   37
 Additions                                                                                                                                               7                     1
 Dividend received/reductions                                                                                                                          (32)                   —
 Share of net profit/(loss)                                                                                                                             15                    (2)
 Currency retranslation                                                                                                                                 (1)                   (2)
 31 December                                                                                                                                            23                   34
(a) Our principal joint ventures are Unilever FIMA LDA in Portugal, Binzagr Unilever Distribution in the Middle East, the Pepsi Lipton Tea Partnership in the US and Pepsi
    Lipton International Ltd for the rest of the world.

The joint ventures and associates have no contingent liabilities to which the Group is exposed, and the Group has no contingent liabilities in
relation to its interests in the joint ventures and associates.
The Group has no outstanding capital commitments to joint ventures.
Outstanding balances with joint ventures and associates are shown in note 23 on page 164.


12. Inventories
Inventories are valued at the lower of weighted average cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct costs and, where appropriate, a
proportion of attributable production overheads. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price less the estimated costs necessary to make
the sale.


                                                                                                                                                € million            € million
Inventories                                                                                                                                           2021               2020
Raw materials and consumables                                                                                                                     1,598                1,523
Finished goods and goods for resale                                                                                                               3,393                3,223




                                                                                                                                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Total inventories                                                                                                                                 4,991                4,746
Provision for inventories                                                                                                                             (308)             (284)
                                                                                                                                                  4,683                4,462

                                                                                                                                                € million            € million
Provision for inventories                                                                                                                             2021               2020
1 January                                                                                                                                             284                288
Charge to income statement                                                                                                                             65                116
Reduction/(releases)                                                                                                                                   (56)                  (97)
Currency translations                                                                                                                                    9                   (26)
         (a)
Others                                                                                                                                                   6                    3
31 December                                                                                                                                           308                284
(a) Others include the amount relating to the acquisition/disposal of businesses and transfers.

Inventories with a value of €163 million (2020: €204 million) are carried at net realisable value, this being lower than cost. During 2021, a total
expense of €281 million (2020: €381 million) was recognised in the income statement for inventory write-downs and losses.

In 2021, inventory of €258 million related to ekaterra has been reclassified to assets held for sale, refer to note 22 for further details.
142                                                                                                        Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued


13. Trade and other current receivables
Trade and other current receivables are initially recognised at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequently these
assets are held at amortised cost, using the effective interest method and net of any impairment losses. Discounts payable to customers are
shown as a reduction in trade receivables when there is a legal right and intent to settle them on a net basis.

We do not consider the fair values of trade and other current receivables to be significantly different from their carrying values. Concentrations of
credit risk with respect to trade receivables are limited, due to the Group’s customer base being large and diverse. Our historical experience of
collecting receivables, supported by the level of default, is that credit risk is low across territories and so trade receivables are considered to be a
single class of financial assets. Impairment for trade receivables are calculated for specific receivables with known or anticipated issues affecting
the likelihood of recovery and for balances past due with a probability of default based on historical data as well as relevant forward-
looking information.

                                                                                                                               € million         € million
Trade and other current receivables                                                                                               2021                2020
Due within one year
Trade receivables                                                                                                                3,582               3,433
Prepayments and accrued income                                                                                                     492                423
Other receivables                                                                                                                1,348               1,083
                                                                                                                                 5,422               4,939

Included within trade receivables are discounts due to our customers of €2,126 million (2020: €2,082 million). Other receivables comprise financial
assets of €354 million (2020: €214 million) and non-financial assets of €994 million (2020: €869 million). Financial assets include supplier and
customer deposits, employee advances and certain derivatives. Non-financial assets mainly consist of reclaimable sales tax of €598 million (2020:
€561 million).
                                                                                                                               € million         € million
Ageing of trade receivables                                                                                                       2021                2020
Not overdue                                                                                                                      3,070               2,849
Past due less than three months                                                                                                    470                481
Past due more than three months but less than six months                                                                            75                 99
Past due more than six months but less than one year                                                                                44                 73
Past due more than one year                                                                                                        124                124
Total trade receivables                                                                                                          3,783               3,626
Impairment provision for trade receivables                                                                                        (201)              (193)
                                                                                                                                 3,582               3,433

The total impairment provision includes €201 million (2020: €193 million) for current trade receivables, €22 million (2020: €20 million) for other
current receivables and €63 million (2020: €63 million) for non-current trade and other receivables.

                                                                                                                               € million         € million
Impairment provision for total trade and other receivables                                                                         2021               2020
1 January                                                                                                                          276                321
Charge to income statement                                                                                                           35                66
Reduction/releases                                                                                                                  (31)               (68)
Reclassifications                                                                                                                    (3)                   1
Currency translations                                                                                                                 9                (44)
31 December                                                                                                                        286                276
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                         143




14. Trade payables and other liabilities
Trade payables
Trade payables are initially recognised at fair value less any directly attributable transaction costs. Trade payables are subsequently measured
at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.
Other liabilities
Other liabilities are initially recognised at fair value less any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent measurement depends on the
type of liability:
▪ accruals are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method;
▪ social security and sundry taxes are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method;
▪ deferred consideration is subsequently measured at fair value with changes in the income statement as explained below; and
▪ others are subsequently measured either at amortised cost, using the effective interest method or at fair value, with changes being recognised
  in the income statement.


Deferred consideration
Deferred consideration represents any payments to the sellers of a business that occur after the acquisition date. These typically comprise
contingent consideration and fixed deferred consideration:
▪ fixed deferred consideration is a payment with a due date after acquisition that is not dependent on future conditions; and
▪ contingent consideration is a payment which is dependent on certain conditions being met in the future and is often variable.
All deferred consideration is initially recognised at fair value as at the acquisition date, which includes a present value discount. Subsequently,
deferred consideration is measured to reflect the unwinding of discount on the liability, with changes recognised in finance cost within the
income statement. In the balance sheet, it is remeasured to reflect the latest estimate of the achievement of the conditions on which the
consideration is based; changes in value other than the discount unwind are recognised as acquisition and disposal-related costs within non-
underlying items in the income statement.

We do not consider the fair values of trade payables and other liabilities to be significantly different from their carrying values.

                                                                                                                               € million       € million
Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                              2021            2020
Current: due within one year
Trade payables                                                                                                                   8,896           8,375
Accruals                                                                                                                         4,429           4,266
Social security and sundry taxes                                                                                                   447             401
Deferred consideration                                                                                                                 44             43
Others                                                                                                                           1,045           1,047
                                                                                                                                14,861         14,132
Non-current: due after more than one year
Accruals                                                                                                                               91             81
Deferred consideration                                                                                                             152             121
Others                                                                                                                                 32             33
                                                                                                                                   275             235
Total trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                      15,136         14,367

Included within trade payables and other liabilities are discounts due to our customers of €1,878 million (2020: €1,770 million).
Included within others are IT and consulting services.
Deferred consideration
At 31 December 2021, the total balance of deferred consideration for acquisitions is €196 million (2020: €164 million), which includes contingent
consideration of €180 million (2020: €140 million). These contingent consideration payments are dependent on acquired businesses achieving
contractually agreed financial targets (mainly relates to cumulative increases in turnover and profit before tax) and fall due up until 2025, with a
maximum contractual amount of €635 million.




                                                                                                                                                           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Supplier financing arrangements for trade payables
Some of our suppliers elect to factor some of their receivables from the Group with financial institutions. In some instances, we provide suppliers
and/or banks with visibility of invoices approved for payment, which helps them receive cash from the bank before the invoice due date, if they
choose to do so. Payment dates and terms for Unilever do not vary based on whether the supplier chooses to factor their receivable. If a receivable
is purchased by a third-party bank, that third-party bank does not benefit from additional security when compared to the security originally
enjoyed by the supplier. The Group evaluates these arrangements to assess if the payable holds the characteristics of a trade payable or should be
classified as a financial liability. At 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, all such liabilities were classified as trade payables.
144                                                                                                      Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued


15. Capital and funding

Ordinary shares
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares are recognised as a deduction
from equity, net of any tax effects.
Share-based compensation
The Group operates a number of share-based compensation plans involving awards of ordinary shares. Full details of these plans are given in
note 4C on pages 131 and 132.
Unification reserve
The Group recognised a separate Unification Reserve within Equity as a result of PLC Share Premium that arose from Unification.
Other reserves
Other reserves include the fair value reserve, the foreign currency translation reserve, the capital redemption reserve and treasury shares.
Shares held by employee share trusts and group companies
An employee share trust and group companies purchase and hold shares to satisfy performance shares granted and other share awards (see
note 4C). The assets and liabilities of the trust and shares held by the trust and group companies are included in the consolidated financial
statements. The book value of shares held is deducted from other reserves, and the trust’s borrowings are included in the Group’s liabilities. The
costs of the trust are included in the results of the Group. The shares held by the trust and group companies are excluded from the calculation of
earnings per share.

Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities are initially recognised at fair value, less any directly related transaction costs. When bonds are designated as being part of a
fair value hedge relationship, in those cases bonds are carried at amortised cost, adjusted for the fair value of the risk being hedged, with
changes in value shown in profit and loss. Other financial liabilities, excluding derivatives, are subsequently carried at amortised cost, with the
exception of:
▪ financial liabilities which the Group has elected to measure at fair value through profit or loss;
▪ derivative financial liabilities – see note 16 on page 149; and
▪ contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies. Such contingent consideration is
   subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss.
Lease liabilities
Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not yet paid at the start of the lease term. This is
discounted using an appropriate borrowing rate determined by the Group, where none is readily available in the lease contract. The lease
liability is subsequently reduced by cash payments and increased by interest costs. The lease liability is remeasured when the Group assesses
that there will be a change in the amount expected to be paid during the lease term.


The Group’s Treasury activities are designed to:
▪ maintain a competitive balance sheet in line with at least A/A2 rating (see below);
▪ secure funding at lowest costs for the Group’s operations, M&A activity and external dividend payments (see below);
▪ protect the Group’s financial results and position from financial risks (see note 16);
▪ maintain market risks within acceptable parameters, while optimising returns (see note 16); and
▪ protect the Group’s financial investments, while maximising returns (see note 17).
The Treasury department provides central deposit-taking, funding and foreign exchange management services for the Group’s operations. The
department is governed by standards and processes which are approved by Unilever Leadership Executive (ULE). In addition to guidelines and
exposure limits, a system of authorities and extensive independent reporting covers all major areas of activity. Performance is monitored closely by
senior management. Reviews are undertaken periodically by corporate audit.
Key instruments used by the Treasury department are:
▪ short-term and long-term borrowings;
▪ cash and cash equivalents; and
▪ plain vanilla derivatives, including cross-currency interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts.
The Treasury department maintains a list of approved financial instruments. The use of any new instrument must be approved by the Chief
Financial Officer. The use of leveraged instruments is not permitted.
Unilever considers the following components of its balance sheet to be managed capital:
▪ total equity – retained profit, other reserves, share capital, share premium, non-controlling interests (notes 15A and 15B);
▪ short-term debt – current financial liabilities (note 15C); and
▪ long-term debt – non-current financial liabilities (note 15C).
The Group manages its capital so as to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern and to optimise returns to our shareholders through an
appropriate balance of debt and equity. The capital structure of the Group is based on management’s judgement of the appropriate balance of
key elements in order to meet its strategic and day-to-day needs. We consider the amount of capital in proportion to risk and manage the capital
structure in light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets.
Our current long-term credit rating is A+/A1 and our short-term credit rating is A1/P1. We aim to maintain a competitive balance sheet which we
consider to be the equivalent of a credit rating of at least A/A2 in the long term. This provides us with:
▪ appropriate access to the debt and equity markets;
▪ sufficient flexibility for acquisitions;
▪ sufficient resilience against economic and financial uncertainty while ensuring ample liquidity; and
▪ optimal weighted average cost of capital, given the above constraints.
Unilever monitors the qualitative and quantitative factors utilised by the rating agencies. This information is publicly available and is updated by
the credit rating agencies on a regular basis.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                            145




15A. Share capital
                                                                                                                                         2021                        2020
Unilever PLC                                                                                                                         £ million                    £ million
                            1          (a)
PLC ordinary shares of 3 /9 p each                                                                                                      81.8                         36.4
                                       (b)
Shares issued to NV shareholders                                                                                                           —                         45.4
                                                                                                                                        81.8                         81.8


Unilever Group                                                                                                                       € million                    € million
                                (c)
Euro equivalent in millions                                                                                                               92                           92
(a) At 31 December 2021, 2,629,243,772 of PLC ordinary shares were in issue. No NV shares were in issue, with NV shares and PLC deferred stock cancelled before
    Unification in 2020. At 31 December 2020, 2,629,243,772 of PLC ordinary shares were in issue.
(b) As a result of Unification during 2020, the shareholders of NV were issued 1,460,713,122 PLC ordinary shares, and all NV shares in issue were cancelled.
(c) The ordinary share capital of PLC is translated using the conversion rate as at the date of Unification of £1 = €1.121.

For information on the rights of shareholders of PLC see the Corporate Governance report on pages 67 to 77.


15B. Equity
Basis of consolidation
Unilever is the majority shareholder of all material subsidiaries and has control in all cases. Information in relation to significant subsidiaries is
provided on page 166.
Subsidiaries with significant non-controlling interests
Unilever has one subsidiary company which has a material non-controlling interest, Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL). Summary financial
information in relation to HUL is shown below.

                                                                                                                                            € million             € million
HUL balance sheet as at 31 December                                                                                                               2021               2020
Non-current assets                                                                                                                               6,616              6,173
Current assets                                                                                                                                   1,454              1,258
Current liabilities                                                                                                                          (1,212)               (1,127)
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                      (1,231)               (1,139)
HUL comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December
Turnover                                                                                                                                         5,581              4,957
Profit after tax                                                                                                                                  977                 866
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                       1,334                374

                                                                                                                                            € million             € million
HUL cash flow for the year ended 31 December                                                                                                      2021               2020
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash-equivalents                                                                                             (176)                 48


HUL non-controlling interest
1 January                                                                                                                                    (1,978)                 (328)
Share of (profit)/loss for the year ended 31 December                                                                                            (372)               (319)
Other comprehensive income                                                                                                                          (3)                   3
Dividend paid to the non-controlling interest                                                                                                     326                 392
Currency translation                                                                                                                             (131)                192
Net gain arising from Horlicks acquisition                                                                                                          —              (1,918)
Other movements in equity                                                                                                                          12                   —




                                                                                                                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December                                                                                                                                  (2,146)               (1,978)
146                                                                                                                   Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

15B. Equity continued

Analysis of other reserves
                                                                                                                        € million            € million          € million
                                                                                                                       Total 2021          Total 2020          Total 2019
Fair value reserves - see following table                                                                                    502                 250                 110
Currency retranslation of group companies - see following table                                                          (6,043)              (7,068)             (4,712)
                                                           (a)
Adjustment on translation of PLC's ordinary capital                                                                           —                    —                (148)
Capital redemption reserve                                                                                                    21                  21                  37
Book value of treasury shares - see following table                                                                         (388)               (483)               (703)
Repurchase of shares                                                                                                     (3,018)                   —                  —
        (b)
Other                                                                                                                       (284)               (202)               (158)
                                                                                                                         (9,210)              (7,482)             (5,574)
(a) Prior to Unification, a conversion rate of £1 =€5.143 was used in accordance with the Equalisation Agreement, which ceased to exist as a result of Unification. The
    ordinary share capital of PLC is now translated using the conversion rate at 29 November 2020 of £1 = €1.121. The difference between the conversion rates was released
    through other reserves as presented in the 'Other effects of Unification' line in the Statement of Changes in Equity.
(b) Relates primarily to options to purchase non-controlling interest in subsidiaries.



Unilever acquired 62,976,145 of its own shares (2020: nil) through purchases on stock exchanges during the year. Out of the 7,266,666 shares held
as treasury shares in connection with share-based compensation plans and which formed part of other reserves as at 29 November 2020, 5,884,511
shares were transferred to an employee share trust at their carrying value, prior to Unification. The shares held by the employee share trust are
shown as a deduction from other reserves.
At 31 December 2021, 4,453,244 shares were held by employee share ownership trust and 847,914 shares were held by other group companies in
connection with share-based compensation plans. The total number of treasury shares held in connection with share-based compensation plans
at 31 December 2020 was 7,266,666 shares. (See note 4C on pages 131 and 132).

                                                                                                                                            € million           € million
Treasury shares – movements during the year                                                                                                     2021                2020
1 January                                                                                                                                      (483)               (703)
Repurchase of shares                                                                                                                         (3,018)                  —
Other purchases and utilisations                                                                                                                  95                220
                (a)
31 December                                                                                                                                  (3,406)               (483)
(a) Shortly before Unification in 2020, 4,523,367 NV and PLC ordinary shares, 892,155 NV NYRSs and 468,989 PLC ADSs held by NV in connection with share-based
    compensation plans were transferred to an employee share ownership trust at their carrying value. See note 4C for details.
                                                                                                                                            € million           € million
Currency retranslation reserves – movements during the year                                                                                     2021                2020
1 January                                                                                                                                    (7,068)             (4,712)
Currency retranslation of group companies net assets and liabilities during the year                                                            176              (1,490)
Movement in net investment hedges and exchange differences in net investments in foreign operations                                             849                (866)
31 December                                                                                                                                  (6,043)             (7,068)

                                                                                                                                            € million           € million
Fair value reserves – movements during the year                                                                                                 2021                2020
1 January                                                                                                                                       250                 110
Movements in Other comprehensive income, net of tax
      Gains/(losses) on equity instruments                                                                                                      147                   68
      Gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges                                                                                                        276                   62
Hedging gains/(losses) transferred to non-financial assets                                                                                     (171)                  10
31 December                                                                                                                                     502                 250
Refer to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on page 114, the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 115, and
note 6C on page 135.

Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans net of tax
                                                                                                                                            € million           € million
                                                                                                                                                2021                2020
1 January                                                                                                                                      (931)             (1,146)
Movement during the year                                                                                                                      1,734                 215
31 December                                                                                                                                     803                (931)
Refer to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on page 114, the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 115, note 4B
from pages 125 to 131 and note 6C on page 135.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                            147

Currency retranslation gains/(losses) – movements during the year
                                                                                                                                                         € million               € million
                                                                                                                                                                2021                 2020
1 January                                                                                                                                                 (7,674)                  (5,084)
Currency retranslation during the year:
      Other reserves                                                                                                                                       1,025                   (2,356)
      Retained profit                                                                                                                                             3                   (22)
      Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                                  149                  (212)
31 December                                                                                                                                               (6,497)                  (7,674)




15C. Financial liabilities
                                                                                                     € million     € million       € million        € million     € million      € million
                                                                                                                      Non-                                              Non-
                         (a)
                                                                                                      Current       Current           Total          Current          Current       Total
Financial liabilities                                                                                   2021          2021            2021             2020             2020        2020
                                           (b)
Bank loans and overdrafts                                                                                383            19             402              407                 4        411
Bonds and other loans                                                                                  6,313       21,308          27,621             3,499        21,086        24,585
Lease liabilities                                                                                        365         1,284           1,649              380            1,391       1,771
Derivatives                                                                                               85            99             184               58             257          315
                                     (c)
Other financial liabilities                                                                              106           171             277              117             106          223
                                                                                                       7,252       22,881          30,133             4,461        22,844        27,305
(a) For the purposes of this note and note 17A, financial assets and liabilities exclude trade and other current receivables and trade payables and other liabilities which
    are covered in notes 13 and 14 respectively.
(b) Bank loans and overdrafts include Nil (2020: €2.6 million) of secured liabilities.
(c) Includes options and financial liabilities to acquire non-controlling interests in Myanmar, USA, Japan, Italy and Hong Kong refer to note 21.


Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                                                      Non-cash movement


                                                                          Opening                     Business
                                                                           balance                     acquisi-      Foreign             Fair                                    Closing
                                                                                at        Cash           tions/    exchange            value                Other             balance at
                                                                                                                                                                (c)
                                                                         1 January    movement       disposals      changes          changes           movements            31 December
Movements in 2021 and 2020                                                € million     € million     € million     € million        € million             € million            € million
2021
                                           (a)
Bank loans and overdrafts                                                     (411)           (16)           (2)             —                 —                       27           (402)
                               (a)
Bonds and other loans                                                     (24,585)        (1,877)           —         (1,145)                  37                  (51)         (27,621)
                   (b)
Lease liabilities                                                           (1,771)          471             (5)          (65)                 —                  (279)          (1,649)
Derivatives                                                                   (315)            —            —                (3)          124                          10           (184)
                                     (a)
Other financial liabilities                                                   (223)            —            —              13                  —                   (67)             (277)
Total                                                                      (27,305)       (1,422)            (7)      (1,200)             161                     (360)         (30,133)


2020
                                           (a)
Bank loans and overdrafts                                                     (853)          386             (1)           54                  —                        3           (411)
                               (a)
Bonds and other loans                                                      (25,032)         (658)           —          1,131                   10                  (36)         (24,585)
                   (b)
Lease liabilities                                                           (1,919)          473           (27)          142                   —                  (440)           (1,771)




                                                                                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Derivatives                                                                   (270)            —            —                —             (45)                        —            (315)
                                     (a)
Other financial liabilities                                                   (183)            —            —                (2)               20                  (58)             (223)
Total                                                                      (28,257)          201           (28)        1,325               (15)                   (531)         (27,305)
(a) These cash movements are included within the following lines in the consolidated cash flow statement: net change in short-term borrowings, additional financial
    liabilities and repayment of financial liabilities. The difference of €39 million (2020: €10 million) represents cash movements in overdrafts that are not included in
    financing cash flows.
(b) Lease liabilities cash movement is included within capital element of lease payments in the consolidated cash flow statement. The difference of €7 million (2020: €30
    million) represents gain or loss from termination and modification of lease contracts.
(c) Other movements includes financial liabilities of €80 million (2020: nil), classified as held for sale, refer note 22 for further details.
148                                                                                                                       Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

15C. Financial liabilities continued

Analysis of bonds and other loans
                                                                                                                                                 € million            € million
                                                                                                                                               Total 2021           Total 2020
Unilever PLC
1.125% Notes 2022 (£)                                                                                                                                 417                 387
1.375% Notes 2024 (£)                                                                                                                                 298                 276
1.875% Notes 2029 (£)                                                                                                                                 296                 274
1.500% Notes 2026 (£)                                                                                                                                 592                 550
1.500% Notes 2039 (€)                                                                                                                                 647                 646
Commercial Paper (£)                                                                                                                                  238                   —
Total PLC                                                                                                                                          2,488                2,133
Other group companies
The Netherlands
1.625% Notes 2033 (€)                                                                                                                                 793                 793
0.500% Notes 2022 (€)                                                                                                                                 750                 749
1.375% Notes 2029 (€)                                                                                                                                 745                 744
1.125% Bonds 2027 (€)                                                                                                                                 697                 697
1.125% Bonds 2028 (€)                                                                                                                                 695                 695
0.875% Notes 2025 (€)                                                                                                                                 648                 648
0.500% Bonds 2025 (€)                                                                                                                                 646                 645
1.375% Notes 2030 (€)                                                                                                                                 644                 643
0.375% Notes 2023 (€)                                                                                                                                 600                 599
1.000% Notes 2027 (€)                                                                                                                                 598                 598
1.000% Notes 2023 (€)                                                                                                                                 499                 498
0.000% Notes 2021 (€)                                                                                                                                  —                  499
0.500% Notes 2023 (€)                                                                                                                                 499                 498
0.500% Notes 2024 (€)                                                                                                                                 497                 496
1.250% Notes 2025 (€)                                                                                                                                 999                 999
1.750% Notes 2030 (€)                                                                                                                                 995                 994
Commercial Paper (US $)                                                                                                                            1,320                    —
Switzerland
Other                                                                                                                                                  27                   16
United States
4.250% Notes 2021 (US $)                                                                                                                               —                  812
5.900% Bonds 2032 (US $)                                                                                                                              875                 809
2.900% Notes 2027 (US $)                                                                                                                              873                 803
2.200% Notes 2022 (US $)                                                                                                                              750                 689
3.500% Notes 2028 (US $)                                                                                                                              697                 641
2.000% Notes 2026 (US $)                                                                                                                              612                 563
3.125% Notes 2023 (US $)                                                                                                                              484                 445
3.000% Notes 2022 (US $)                                                                                                                              441                 406
3.250% Notes 2024 (US $)                                                                                                                              440                 404
3.100% Notes 2025 (US $)                                                                                                                              439                 403
2.600% Notes 2024 (US $)                                                                                                                              439                 404
3.500% Bonds 2028 (US $)                                                                                                                              437                 402
2.750% Bonds 2021 (US $)                                                                                                                               —                  324
3.375% Notes 2025 (US $)                                                                                                                              307                 283
7.250% Bonds 2026 (US $)                                                                                                                              259                 238
6.625% Bonds 2028 (US $)                                                                                                                              206                 189
5.600% Bonds 2097 (US $)                                                                                                                               80                   74
2.125% Notes 2029 (US $)                                                                                                                              743                 683
2.600% Notes 2024 (US $)                                                                                                                              448                 415
                              (a)
1.375% Notes 2030 (US $)                                                                                                                              409                 395
0.375% Notes 2023 (US $)                                                                                                                              441                 405
0.626% Notes 2024 (US $)                                                                                                                              441                   —
2.625% Notes 2051 (US $)                                                                                                                              563                   —
                              (a)
1.750% Notes 2031 (US $)                                                                                                                              727                   —
Commercial Paper (US $)                                                                                                                            2,370                1,848
Other countries                                                                                                                                        —                        6
Total other group companies                                                                                                                       25,133               22,452
Total bonds and other loans                                                                                                                       27,621               24,585
(a) 1.375% Notes 2030 (US $) includes €(31) million (2020: €(10) million) and 1.750% Notes 2031 (US $) includes €(16) million (2020: Nil) fair value adjustment following the
    fair value hedge accounting of fixed-for-floating interest rate swaps.

Information in relation to the derivatives used to hedge bonds and other loans within a fair value hedge relationship is shown in note 16.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                        149




16. Treasury risk management
Derivatives and hedge accounting
Derivatives are measured at fair value with any related transaction costs expensed as incurred. The treatment of changes in the value of
derivatives depends on their use as explained below.
                        (a)
(i) Fair value hedges
Certain derivatives are held to hedge the risk of changes in value of a specific bond or other loan. In these situations, the Group designates the
liability and related derivative to be part of a fair value hedge relationship. The carrying value of the bond is adjusted by the fair value of the
risk being hedged, with changes going to the income statement. Gains and losses on the corresponding derivative are also recognised in the
income statement. The amounts recognised are offset in the income statement to the extent that the hedge is effective. Ineffectiveness may
occur if the critical terms do not exactly match, or if there is a value adjustment resulting from a change in credit risk (in either the Group or the
counter-party to the derivative) that is not matched by the hedged item. When the relationship no longer meets the criteria for hedge
accounting, the fair value hedge adjustment made to the bond is amortised to the income statement using the effective interest method.
                         (a)
(ii) Cash flow hedges
Derivatives are also held to hedge the uncertainty in timing or amount of future forecast cash flows. Such derivatives are classified as being
part of cash flow hedge relationships. For an effective hedge, gains and losses from changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognised in
equity. Cost of hedging, where material and opted for, is recorded in a separate account within equity. Any ineffective elements of the hedge
are recognised in the income statement. Ineffectiveness may occur if there are changes to the expected timing of the hedged transaction. If the
hedged cash flow relates to a non-financial asset, the amount accumulated in equity is subsequently included within the carrying value of that
asset. For other cash flow hedges, amounts deferred in equity are taken to the income statement at the same time as the related cash flow.
When a derivative no longer qualifies for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss remains in equity until the related cash flow occurs.
When the cash flow takes place, the cumulative gain or loss is taken to the income statement. If the hedged cash flow is no longer expected to
occur, the cumulative gain or loss is taken to the income statement immediately.
                                (a)
(iii) Net investment hedges
Certain derivatives are designated as hedges of the currency risk on the Group’s investment in foreign subsidiaries. The accounting policy for
these arrangements is set out in note 1.
(iv) Derivatives for which hedge accounting is not applied
Derivatives not classified as hedges are held in order to hedge certain balance sheet items and commodity exposures. No hedge accounting
is applied to these derivatives, which are carried at fair value with changes being recognised in the income statement.

(a) Applying hedge accounting has not led to material ineffectiveness being recognised in the income statement for both 2021 and 2020. Fair value changes on basis
    spread is recorded in a separate account within equity.

The Group is exposed to the following risks that arise from its use of financial instruments, the management of which is described in the
following sections:
▪ liquidity risk (see note 16A);
▪ market risk (see note 16B); and
▪ credit risk (see note 17B).
The Group’s risk management framework is established to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to maintain adherence to these limits.


16A. Management of liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will face in meeting its obligations associated with its financial liabilities. The Group’s approach to managing
liquidity is to ensure that it will have sufficient funds to meet its liabilities when due without incurring unacceptable losses. In doing this,
management considers both normal and stressed conditions. A material and sustained shortfall in our cash flow could undermine the Group’s
credit rating, impair investor confidence and also restrict the Group’s ability to raise funds.
The Group’s funding strategy was supported by cash delivery from the business, coupled with the proceeds from bond issuances. Surplus cash
balance has been invested conservatively with low-risk counter-parties at maturities of less than six months. In its liquidity assessment, the Group
does not consider any supplier financing arrangements as these arrangements are non-recourse to Unilever and supplier payment dates and
terms for Unilever do not vary based on whether the supplier chooses to use such financing arrangements.
Cash flow from operating activities provides the funds to service the financing of financial liabilities on a day-to-day basis. The Group seeks to
manage its liquidity requirements by maintaining access to global debt markets through short-term and long-term debt programmes. In addition,
Unilever has committed credit facilities for general corporate use.




                                                                                                                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
On 31 December 2021, Unilever had undrawn revolving 364-day bilateral credit facilities in aggregate of $7,965 million (2020: $7,965 million) with a
364-day term out. As part of the regular annual process, the intention is that these facilities will again be renewed in 2022. In December 2021,
Unilever signed additional undrawn revolving 364-day bilateral credit facilities of €1,500 million.
150                                                                                                  Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

16A. Management of liquidity risk continued
The following table shows Unilever’s contractually agreed undiscounted cash flows, including expected interest payments, which are payable
under financial liabilities at the balance sheet date:

                                               € million    € million    € million    € million    € million   € million    € million      € million
                                                                                                                                        Net carrying
                                                                 Due          Due          Due         Due                               amount as
                                                   Due      between      between      between     between           Due                    shown in
                                                 within        1 and        2 and        3 and       4 and         after                    balance
Undiscounted cash flows                          1 year      2 years      3 years      4 years     5 years       5 years       Total          sheet
2021
Non-derivative financial liabilities:
Bank loans and overdrafts                         (389)           (1)        (14)           —            —           (7)       (411)          (402)
Bonds and other loans                           (6,759)      (2,944)      (2,942)      (3,382)      (1,786)    (13,589)     (31,402)       (27,621)
Lease liabilities                                 (426)        (345)        (276)        (228)        (176)       (488)      (1,939)        (1,649)
Other financial liabilities                       (106)         (33)         (25)        (199)           —           —         (363)          (277)
Trade payables, accruals and other
liabilities                                    (14,319)         (48)         (20)         (12)         (10)         (33)    (14,442)       (14,442)
Deferred consideration                             (57)         (69)         (91)           (9)          —           —         (226)          (196)
                                               (22,056)      (3,440)      (3,368)      (3,830)      (1,972)    (14,117)     (48,783)       (44,587)
Derivative financial liabilities:
Interest rate derivatives:                                                                                                                    (121)
   Derivative contracts – receipts                 815           56          492           45           45         986        2,439
   Derivative contracts – payments                (811)         (38)        (499)         (39)         (39)     (1,043)      (2,469)
Foreign exchange derivatives:                                                                                                                 (113)
   Derivative contracts – receipts               7,371          100            —            —            —           —        7,471
   Derivative contracts – payments              (7,505)        (103)           —            —            —           —       (7,608)
Commodity derivatives:                                                                                                                           (1)
   Derivative contracts – receipts                   —            —            —            —            —           —            —
   Derivative contracts – payments                   (1)          —            —            —            —           —            (1)
                                                  (131)          15            (7)           6            6         (57)       (168)          (235)
Total                                          (22,187)      (3,425)      (3,375)      (3,824)      (1,966)    (14,174)     (48,951)       (44,822)
2020
Non-derivative financial liabilities:
Bank loans and overdrafts                         (413)           (2)          (1)          —            —           (1)       (417)           (411)
Bonds and other loans                            (3,926)     (2,626)      (2,824)      (2,326)      (3,278)    (13,020)     (28,000)       (24,585)
Lease liabilities                                 (442)        (352)        (292)        (234)        (187)       (591)      (2,098)         (1,771)
Other financial liabilities                       (117)          (12)         (33)         (23)         (51)         —         (236)           (223)
Trade payables, accruals and other
liabilities                                    (13,585)          (46)         (15)         (17)          (4)        (32)    (13,699)       (13,699)
Deferred consideration                              (60)         (12)         (76)         (35)          (8)         —         (191)           (164)
                                               (18,543)      (3,050)      (3,241)      (2,635)      (3,528)    (13,644)     (44,641)       (40,853)
Derivative financial liabilities:
Interest rate derivatives:                                                                                                                     (257)
   Derivative contracts – receipts                 174        1,069           40          441           29         877        2,630
   Derivative contracts – payments                (134)      (1,148)          (21)       (479)          (19)       (977)     (2,778)
Foreign exchange derivatives:                                                                                                                  (158)
   Derivative contracts – receipts               6,163            —            —            —            —           —        6,163
   Derivative contracts – payments               (6,333)          —            —            —            —           —       (6,333)
Commodity derivatives:                                                                                                                           (3)
   Derivative contracts – receipts                   —            —            —            —            —           —            —
   Derivative contracts – payments                   (3)          —            —            —            —           —            (3)
                                                  (133)          (79)          19          (38)          10        (100)       (321)           (418)
Total                                           (18,676)     (3,129)      (3,222)      (2,673)      (3,518)    (13,744)     (44,962)       (41,271)

The Group has sublet a small proportion of leased properties. Related future minimum sublease payments are €53 million (2020: €63 million).
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                             151




16A. Management of liquidity risk continued
The following table shows cash flows for which cash flow hedge accounting is applied. The derivatives in the cash flow hedge relationships are
expected to have an impact on profit and loss in the same periods as the cash flows occur.

                                                 € million     € million    € million     € million    € million     € million   € million        € million

                                                                   Due           Due          Due           Due                               Net carrying
                                                     Due      between       between      between       between           Due                   amount of
                                                   within        1 and         2 and        3 and         4 and         after                      related
                                                                                                                                                         (a)
                                                   1 year      2 years       3 years      4 years       5 years       5 years       Total    derivatives
2021
Foreign exchange cash inflows                      3,118             —            —             —            —             —       3,118
Foreign exchange cash outflows                    (3,073)            —            —             —            —             —      (3,073)               67
Interest rate swaps cash inflows                   1,170           530          473            26           26           896       3,121
Interest rate swaps cash outflows                 (1,147)         (464)        (473)          (13)         (13)         (923)     (3,033)              (19)
Commodity contracts cash inflows                      45             —            —             —            —             —          45                45
Commodity contracts cash outflows                      (1)           —            —             —            —             —           (1)              (1)
2020
Foreign exchange cash inflows                      3,136             —            —             —            —             —       3,136                —
Foreign exchange cash outflows                    (3,205)            —            —             —            —             —      (3,205)              (50)
Interest rate swaps cash inflows                     403         1,077          488           436           24           849       3,277                —
Interest rate swaps cash outflows                   (347)       (1,147)        (464)         (473)         (13)         (936)     (3,380)             (221)
Commodity contracts cash inflows                      40             —            —             —            —             —          40                40
Commodity contracts cash outflows                      (3)           —            —             —            —             —           (3)               (3)
(a) See note 16C.


16B. Management of market risk
Unilever’s size and operations result in it being exposed to the following market risks that arise from its use of financial instruments:
▪ commodity price risk;
▪ currency risk; and
▪ interest rate risk.
The above risks may affect the Group’s income and expenses, or the value of its financial instruments. The objective of the Group’s management of
market risk is to maintain this risk within acceptable parameters, while optimising returns. Generally, the Group applies hedge accounting to
manage the volatility in profit and loss arising from market risk.
Where the Group uses hedge accounting to mitigate the above risks, it is normally implemented centrally by either the Treasury or Commodity Risk
Management teams, in line with their respective frameworks and strategies. Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the hedge
relationship, and through periodic prospective effectiveness assessments to ensure that an economic relationship continues to exist between the
hedged item and hedging instrument. The Group generally enters into hedge relationships where the critical terms of the hedging instrument
match exactly with the hedged item, meaning that the economic relationship between the hedged item and hedging instrument is evident, so only
a qualitative assessment is performed. When a qualitative assessment is not considered sufficient, for example when the critical terms of the
hedging instrument do not match exactly with the hedged item, a quantitative assessment of hedge effectiveness will also be performed. The
hedge ratio is set on inception for all hedge relationships and is dependent on the alignment of the critical terms of the hedging instrument to the
hedged item (in most instances these are matched, so the hedge ratio is 1:1).




                                                                                                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
152                                                                                                    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

16B. Management of market risk continued
The Group’s exposure to, and management of, these risks is explained below. It often includes derivative financial instruments, the uses of which
are described in note 16C.

                                                    Management policy and
 Potential impact of risk                           hedging strategy                                 Sensitivity to the risk
(i) Commodity price risk                            The Group uses commodity forwards, futures,      A 10% increase in commodity prices as at
                                                    swaps and option contracts to hedge against      31December 2021 would have led to a
The Group is exposed to the risk of changes in
                                                    this risk. All commodity forward contracts       €61 million gain on the commodity
commodity prices in relation to its purchase of
                                                    hedge future purchases of raw materials and      derivatives in the cash flow hedge reserve
certain raw materials.
                                                    the contracts are settled either in cash or by   (2020: €35 million gain in the cash flow
At 31 December 2021, the Group had hedged           physical delivery.                               hedge reserve).
its exposure to future commodity purchases
                                                    The Group also hedges risk components of         A decrease of 10% in commodity prices on a
with commodity derivatives valued at
                                                    commodities where it is not possible to hedge    full-year basis would have the equal but
€570 million (2020: €276 million).
                                                    the commodity in full. This is done with         opposite effect.
Hedges of future commodity purchases                reference to the contract to purchase the
resulted in cumulative gain of €153 million         hedged commodity.
(2020: losses of €89 million) being reclassified
                                                    Commodity derivatives are generally
to the income statement and gain of
                                                    designated as hedging instruments in cash
€114 million (2020: losses of €66 million)
                                                    flow hedge accounting relations. All
being recognised as a basis adjustment to
                                                    commodity derivative contracts are done in
inventory purchased.
                                                    line with approvals from the Global
                                                    Commodity Executive which is chaired by the
                                                    Unilever Chief Supply Chain Officer (CSCO) or
                                                    the Global Commodity Operating Team which
                                                    is chaired by the Chief Procurement Officer.
(ii) Currency risk                                  The Group manages currency exposures within      As an estimation of the approximate impact
                                                    prescribed limits, mainly through the use of     of the residual risk, with respect to financial
Currency risk on sales, purchases and
                                                    forward foreign currency exchange contracts.     instruments, the Group has calculated the
borrowings
                                                                                                     impact of a 10% change in exchange rates.
                                                    Operating companies manage foreign
Because of Unilever’s global reach, it is subject
                                                    exchange exposures within prescribed limits.     Impact on income statement
to the risk that changes in foreign currency
values impact the Group’s sales, purchases          The aim of the Group’s approach to               A 10% strengthening of the foreign currencies
and borrowings.                                     management of currency risk is to leave the      against the respective functional currencies
                                                    Group with no material residual risk. This aim   of group companies would have led to
The Group manages the foreign currency risk
                                                    has been achieved in all years presented.        approximately an additional €23 million
by hedging forecasted sales and purchase
                                                                                                     loss in the income statement (2020:
transactions that are expected to occur within
                                                                                                     €27 million loss).
a maximum 12-month period through layered
hedging.                                                                                             A 10% weakening of the foreign currencies
                                                                                                     against the respective functional currencies
At 31 December 2021, the exposure to the
                                                                                                     of group companies would have led to an
Group from companies holding financial
                                                                                                     equal but opposite effect.
assets and liabilities other than in their
functional currency amounted to €230 million
(2020: €274 million).

                                                                                                     As at year end, the Group had the below
                                                                                                     notional amount of currency derivatives
                                                                                                     outstanding to which cash flow hedge
                                                                                                     accounting is applied:
                                                                                                     Currency                    2021              2020
                                                                                                     EUR*                        (922)            (920)
                                                                                                     GBP                         (449)            (414)
                                                                                                     USD                         699               588
                                                                                                     SEK                          (98)            (100)
                                                                                                     CAD                         (105)            (110)
                                                                                                     PLN                          (54)              (70)
                                                                                                     Others                      (205)            (176)
                                                                                                     Total                     (1,134)          (1,202)
                                                                                                     * Euro exposure relates to group companies having
                                                                                                          non-euro functional currencies.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                         153




16B. Management of market risk continued

                                                            Management policy and
 Potential impact of risk                                   hedging strategy                                          Sensitivity to the risk
                                                                                                                      Impact on equity – trade-related cash flow
                                                                                                                      hedges
                                                                                                                      A 10% strengthening of foreign currencies
                                                                                                                      against the respective functional currencies
                                                                                                                      of group companies hedging future trade
                                                                                                                      cash flows and applying cash flow hedge
                                                                                                                      accounting, would have led to €113 million
                                                                                                                      loss (2020: €120 million loss) in equity.
                                                                                                                      A 10% weakening of the same would have led
                                                                                                                      to an equal but opposite effect.

Currency risk on the Group’s net investments                Unilever aims to minimise this currency risk on           Impact on equity – net investment hedges
                                                            the Group’s net investment exposure by
The Group is also subject to currency risk in                                                                         A 10% strengthening of the euro against
                                                            borrowing in local currency in the operating
relation to the translation of the net                                                                                other currencies would have led to
                                                            companies themselves. In some locations,
investments of its foreign operations into                                                                            €303 million (2020: €404 million) loss in the
                                                            however, the Group’s ability to do this is
euros for inclusion in its consolidated                                                                               equity on the net investment hedges used to
                                                            inhibited by local regulations, lack of local
financial statements.                                                                                                 manage the currency exposure on the
                                                            liquidity or by local market conditions.
                                                                                                                      Group’s investments.
These net investments include Group financial
loans, which are monetary items that form                   Where the residual risk from these countries              A 10% weakening of the euro against other
part of our net investment in foreign                       exceeds prescribed limits, Treasury may decide            currencies would have led to an equal but
operations, of €9.9 billion (2020: €9.2 billion),           on a case-by-case basis to actively hedge the             opposite effect.
of which €5.9 billion (2020: €5.5 billion) is               exposure. This is done either through                     Impact on equity – net investments in group
denominated in GBP. In accordance with IAS                  additional borrowings in the related currency,            companies
21, the exchange differences on these                       or through the use of forward foreign
financial loans are booked through reserves.                exchange contracts.                                       A 10% strengthening of the euro against all
                                                                                                                      other currencies would have led to €2,363
Part of the currency exposure on the Group’s
                                                                                                                      million negative retranslation effect (2020:
investments is also managed using US$ net                   Where local currency borrowings, or forward               €2,461 million negative retranslation effect).
investment hedges with a nominal value of                   contracts, are used to hedge the currency risk
€3.0 billion (2020: €4.0 billion) for US$.                  in relation to the Group’s net investment in              A 10% weakening of the euro against all
                                                            foreign subsidiaries, these relationships are             other currencies would have led to an equal
At 31 December 2021, the net exposure of the
                                                            designated as net investment hedges for                   but opposite effect. In line with accepted
net investments in foreign currencies amounts
                                                            accounting purposes.                                      hedge accounting treatment and our
to €23.6 billion (2020: €24.6 billion).
                                                                                                                      accounting policy for financial loans, the
                                                                                                                      retranslation differences would be
                                                            Exchange risk related to the principal amount
                                                                                                                      recognised in equity.
                                                            of the US$ denominated debt either forms part
                                                            of hedging relationship itself, or is hedged
                                                            through forward contracts.
                         (a)
(iii) Interest rate risk                                    Unilever’s interest rate management approach              Impact on income statement
                                                            aims for an optimal balance between fixed
The Group is exposed to market interest rate                                                                          Assuming that all other variables remain
                                                            and floating-rate interest rate exposures on
fluctuations on its floating-rate debt. Increases                                                                     constant, a 1.0 percentage point increase in
                                                            expected financial liabilities. The objective of
in benchmark interest rates could increase the                                                                        floating interest rates on a full-year basis as
                                                            this approach is to minimise annual
interest cost of our floating-rate debt and                                                                           at 31 December 2021 would have led to an
                                                            interest costs.
increase the cost of future borrowings. The                                                                           additional €77 million of finance cost (2020:
Group’s ability to manage interest costs also                                                                         €40 million additional finance costs).
has an impact on reported results.                          This is achieved either by issuing fixed or
                                                            floating-rate long-term debt, or by modifying             A 1.0 percentage point decrease in floating
The Group does not have any material floating               interest rate exposure through the use of                 interest rates on a full-year basis would have
interest-bearing financial assets or any                    interest rate swaps.                                      an equal but opposite effect.
significant long-term fixed interest-bearing
financial assets. Consequently, the Group’s                                                                           Impact on equity – cash flow hedges
interest rate risk arises mainly from financial             The majority of the Group’s existing interest             Assuming that all other variables remain
liabilities other than lease liabilities.                   rate derivatives are designated as cash flow              constant, a 1.0 percentage point increase in
                                                            hedges and are expected to be effective. The              interest rates on a full-year basis as at 31
Taking into account the impact of interest rate




                                                                                                                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            fair value movement of these derivatives is               December 2021 would have led to an
swaps, at 31 December 2021, interest rates                  recognised in the income statement, along
were fixed on approximately 75% of the                                                                                additional €3 million credit in equity from
                                                            with any changes in the relevant fair value of            derivatives in cash flow hedge relationships
expected financial liabilities (excluding lease             the underlying hedged asset or liability.
liabilities) for 2022, and 70% for 2023 (87% for                                                                      (2020: €11 million credit).
2021 and 75% for 2022 at 31 December 2020).                                                                           A 1.0 percentage point decrease in interest
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had USD                                                                             rates on a full-year basis would have led to
3,300 million (2020: USD 3,700 million) of                                                                            an additional €4 million debit in equity from
outstanding cross-currency interest rate                                                                              derivatives in cash flow hedge relationships
swaps (on which cash flow hedge accounting                                                                            (2020: €12 million debit).
is applied).
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had USD
1,350 million (2020: USD 500 million) of
outstanding fixed to float interest rate swaps
(on which fair value hedge accounting is
applied).
For interest management purposes,
transactions with a maturity shorter than six
months from inception date are not included
as fixed interest transactions.
The average interest rate on short-term
borrowings in 2021 was 0.7% (2020: 1.6%).



(a) See the weighted average amount of financial liabilities with fixed-rate interest shown in the following table.
154                                                                                                                      Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

16B. Management of market risk continued
The following table shows the split in fixed and floating-rate interest exposures, taking into account the impact of interest rate swaps and cross-
currency swaps:

                                                                                                                                                 € million         € million
                                                                                                                                                    2021               2020
Current financial liabilities                                                                                                                     (7,252)           (4,461)
Non-current financial liabilities                                                                                                               (22,881)           (22,844)
Total financial liabilities                                                                                                                     (30,133)           (27,305)
Less: lease liabilities                                                                                                                           (1,649)           (1,771)
Financial liabilities (excluding lease liabilities)                                                                                             (28,484)           (25,534)
Of which:
   Fixed rate (weighted average amount of fixing for the following year)                                                                        (20,787)           (21,561)


16C. Derivatives and hedging
The Group does not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. The uses of derivatives and the related values of derivatives are
summarised in the following table. Derivatives used to hedge:

                                                            € million         € million        € million    € million             € million         € million      € million
                                                                                                               Trade
                                                               Trade            Current    Non-Current     payables                  Current    Non-Current
                                                           and other          financial       financial    and other               financial       financial
                                                         receivables             assets          assets    liabilities            liabilities     liabilities         Total
31 December 2021
Foreign exchange derivatives
   Fair value hedges                                              —            —                     —            —                 —                        —           —
   Cash flow hedges                                             100            —                     —           (33)               —                        —          67
   Hedges on the net investment in foreign
                                                                                     (a)
   operations                                                     —          112                     —            —                 —                        —         112
                                                                                     (a)                                                 (a)
   Hedge accounting not applied                                  16           (47)                   —           (17)             (61)                       (2)      (111)
Interest rate derivatives                                         —            —                     —            —                 —                        —           —
   Fair value hedges                                              —            —                     —            —                 —                   (39)           (39)
   Cash flow hedges                                               —            11                   52            —               (24)                  (58)           (19)
   Hedge accounting not applied                                   —            —                     —            —                 —                        —           —
Commodity contracts                                               —            —                     —            —                 —                        —           —
   Cash flow hedges                                              45            —                     —             (1)              —                        —          44
   Hedge accounting not applied
                                                                161            76                   52           (51)             (85)                  (99)            54
                                                              Total assets                         289        Total liabilities                        (235)            54
31 December 2020
Foreign exchange derivatives
   Fair value hedges                                              —            —                     —            —                —                         —           —
   Cash flow hedges                                              24            —                     —           (74)              —                         —         (50)
   Hedges on the net investment in foreign
                                                                                                                                         (a)
   operations                                                     —            —                     —            —           (149)                          —        (149)
                                                                                     (a)                                                 (a)
   Hedge accounting not applied                                  14            54                    —           (26)              91                        —         133
Interest rate derivatives
   Fair value hedges                                              —            —                     —            —                —                     (10)          (10)
   Cash flow hedges                                               —             5                   21            —                —                   (247)          (221)
   Hedge accounting not applied                                   —            —                     —            —                —                         —           —
Commodity contracts
   Cash flow hedges                                              40            —                     —             (3)             —                         —          37
   Hedge accounting not applied                                   —            —                     —            —                —                         —           —
                                                                 78            59                   21          (103)             (58)                 (257)          (260)
                                                             Total assets                          158        Total liabilities                        (418)          (260)

(a) Swaps that hedge the currency risk on intra-group loans and offset ‘Hedges of net investments in foreign operations’ are included within ‘Hedge accounting not
    applied’. See below for further details.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                     155




16C. Derivatives and hedging continued

Master netting or similar agreements
A number of legal entities within our Group enter into derivative transactions under International Swap and Derivatives Association (ISDA) master
netting agreements. In general, under such agreements the amounts owed by each counter-party on a single day in respect of all transactions
outstanding in the same currency are aggregated into a single net amount that is payable by one party to the other. In certain circumstances, such
as when a credit event such as a default occurs, all outstanding transactions under the agreement are terminated, the termination value is
assessed and only a single net amount is payable in settlement of all transactions.
The ISDA agreements do not meet the criteria for offsetting the positive and negative values in the consolidated balance sheet. This is because the
Group does not currently having any legally enforceable right to offset recognised amounts, between various Group and bank affiliates, because
the right to offset is enforceable only on the occurrence of future credit events such as a default.
The column ‘Related amounts not set off in the balance sheet – Financial instruments’ shows the netting impact of our ISDA agreements, assuming
the agreements are respected in the relevant jurisdiction.
(i) Financial assets
The following financial assets are subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements.

                                                                                                                        Related amounts not set
                                                                                                                         off in the balance sheet
                                                                € million            € million           € million       € million      € million     € million
                                                                              Gross amounts
                                                                                of recognised      Net amounts of
                                                      Gross amounts of       financial assets     financial assets                          Cash
                                                            recognised           set off in the   presented in the       Financial     collateral
As at 31 December 2021                                 financial assets        balance sheet        balance sheet     instruments       received    Net amount
Derivative financial assets                                         401                 (112)                 289           (107)           (27)           155
As at 31 December 2020
Derivative financial assets                                          306                (148)                 158             (91)           (16)           51

(ii) Financial liabilities
The following financial liabilities are subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements.

                                                                                                                        Related amounts not set
                                                                                                                         off in the balance sheet

                                                                € million           € million             € million      € million      € million      € million
                                                                             Gross amounts
                                                                              of recognised          Net amounts
                                                         Gross amounts              financial         of financial
                                                          of recognised            liabilities          liabilities                         Cash
                                                                financial      set off in the     presented in the       Financial     collateral
As at 31 December 2021                                         liabilities    balance sheet         balance sheet     instruments       received    Net amount
Derivative financial liabilities                                   (347)                 112                 (235)           107              —           (128)
As at 31 December 2020
Derivative financial liabilities                                    (566)                148                 (418)             91             —           (327)




                                                                                                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
156                                                                                                        Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued


17. Investment and return
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet include deposits, investments in money market funds and highly liquid investments. To be
classified as cash and cash equivalents, an asset must:
▪ be readily convertible into cash;
▪ have an insignificant risk of changes in value; and
▪ have a maturity period of typically three months or less at acquisition.
Cash and cash equivalents in the cash flow statement also include bank overdrafts and are recorded at amortised cost.
Other financial assets
The Group classifies its financial assets into the following measurement categories:
▪ those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income, or through profit or loss), and
▪ those to be measured at amortised cost.

This classification depends on our business model for managing the financial asset and the contractual terms of the cash flows.

At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or
loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair
value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.

All financial assets are either debt instruments or equity instruments. Debt instruments are those that provide the Group with a contractual right
to receive cash or another asset. Equity instruments are those where the Group has no contractual right to receive cash or another asset.


Debt instruments
The subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset and the cash flow
characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories that debt instruments are classified as:
▪ financial assets at amortised cost;
▪ financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income; or
▪ financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

(i) Amortised cost
Assets measured at amortised cost are those which are held to collect contractual cash flows on the repayment of principal or interest (SPPI). A
gain or loss on a debt investment recognised at amortised cost on derecognition or impairment is recognised in profit or loss. Interest income is
recognised within finance income using the effective interest rate method.

(ii) Fair value through other comprehensive income
Assets that are held at fair value through other comprehensive income are those that are held to collect contractual cash flows on the
repayment of principal and interest and which are held to recognise a capital gain through the sale of the asset. Movements in the carrying
amount are recognised in other comprehensive income except for the recognition of impairment, interest income and foreign exchange gains or
losses which are recognised in profit or loss. On derecognition, the cumulative gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income is
reclassified from equity to profit or loss. Interest income is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method.

(iii) Fair value through profit or loss
Assets that do not meet the criteria for either amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income are measured as fair value
through profit or loss. Related transaction costs are expensed as incurred. Unless they form part of a hedging relationship, these assets are held
at fair value, with changes being recognised in the income statement. Interest income from these assets is included within finance income.


Equity instruments
The Group subsequently measures all equity instruments at fair value. Where the Group has elected to present fair value gains and losses on
equity investments in other comprehensive income, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains or losses to profit or loss. Dividends
from these investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss.
Impairment of financial assets
Financial instruments classified as amortised cost and debt instruments classified as fair value through other comprehensive income are
assessed for impairment. The Group assesses the probability of default of an asset at initial recognition and then whether there has been a
significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis.

To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at the reporting
date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking
information. Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or growth rates) is also considered.

Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as a debtor failing to engage in a repayment plan with
the company. Impairment losses on assets classified as amortised cost are recognised in profit or loss. When a later event causes the impairment
losses to decrease, the reduction in impairment loss is also recognised in profit or loss. Permanent impairment losses on debt instruments
classified as fair value through other comprehensive income are recognised in profit or loss.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                    157




17A. Financial assets
The Group’s Treasury function aims to protect the Group’s financial investments, while maximising returns. The fair value of financial assets is the
same as the carrying amount for 2021 and 2020. The Group’s cash resources and other financial assets are shown below.

                                                                                          € million       € million       € million       € million       € million      € million
                                                                                           Current    Non-current            Total         Current     Non-current           Total
                    (a)
Financial assets                                                                              2021            2021            2021            2020              2020         2020
Cash and cash equivalents
   Cash at bank and in hand                                                                 2,505               —           2,505           2,764                  —        2,764
                            (b)
   Short-term deposits                                                                        811               —             811           2,764                  —        2,764
   Other cash equivalents                                                                       99              —               99              20                 —           20
                                                                                            3,415               —           3,415           5,548                  —        5,548
Other financial assets
                                          (c)
Financial assets at amortised cost                                                             750            208             958             468                 138         606
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
       (d)
income                                                                                           1            526             527                9                361         370
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
     Derivatives                                                                                76              52            128               59                 21          80
            (e)
     Other                                                                                    329             412             741             272                 356         628
                                                                                            1,156           1,198           2,354             808                 876       1,684
Total                                                                                       4,571           1,198           5,769           6,356                 876       7,232
(a) For the purposes of this note and note 15C, financial assets and liabilities exclude trade and other current receivables and trade payables and other liabilities which
    are covered in notes 13 and 14 respectively.
(b) Short-term deposits typically have maturity of up to 3 months.
(c) Current financial assets at amortised cost include short-term deposits with banks with maturities longer than three months excluding deposits which are part of a
    recognised cash management process and loans to joint venture entities. Non-current financial assets at amortised cost include judicial deposits of €157 million
    (2020: €101 million).
(d) Included within non-current financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are equity investments of €521 million (2020: €356 million). These
    investments are not held by Unilever for trading purposes and hence the Group has opted to recognise fair value movements through other comprehensive income.
    The fair value movement in 2021 of these equity investments was €174 million (2020: €78 million).
(e) Current Other Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include Money market funds, marketable securities and other capital market instruments. Included
    within non-current financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are assets in a trust to fund benefit obligations in the US (see also note 4B) of €38 million (2020:
    €44 million), option over non-controlling interest in a subsidiary in Hong Kong of €43 million (2020: €44 million) and investments in a number of companies and
    financial institutions in North America, North Asia, South Asia and Europe.

There were no significant changes on account of change in business model in classification of financial assets since 31 December 2020.
There are no financial assets that are designated at fair value through profit or loss, which would otherwise have been measured at fair value
through other comprehensive income.

                                                                                                                                                      € million           € million
Cash and cash equivalents reconciliation to the cash flow statement                                                                                      2021                 2020
Cash and cash equivalents per balance sheet                                                                                                             3,415               5,548
Less: Bank overdrafts                                                                                                                                    (106)                 (73)
Add: Cash and cash equivalents included in assets held for sale                                                                                            90                   —
Less: Bank overdraft included in liabilities held for sale                                                                                                (12)                  —
Cash and cash equivalents per cash flow statement                                                                                                       3,387               5,475

Approximately €0.4 billion (or 11%) of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are held in the parent and central finance companies, for maximum
flexibility. These companies provide loans to our subsidiaries that are also funded through retained earnings and third-party borrowings. We
maintain access to global debt markets through an infrastructure of short-and long-term debt programmes. We make use of plain vanilla
derivatives, such as interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts, to help mitigate risks. More detail is provided in notes 16, 16A, 16B and 16C
on pages 149 to 155.
The remaining €3 billion (or 89%) of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are held in foreign subsidiaries which repatriate distributable reserves




                                                                                                                                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
on a regular basis. For most countries, this is done through dividends which are in some cases subject to withholding or distribution tax. This
balance includes €83 million (2020: €98 million) of cash that is held in a few countries where we face cross-border foreign exchange controls and/or
other legal restrictions that inhibit our ability to make these balances available for general use by the wider business. The cash will generally be
invested or held in the relevant country and, given the other capital resources available to the Group, does not significantly affect the ability of the
Group to meet its cash obligations.
158                                                                                                                        Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

17B. Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counter-party fails to meet its contractual obligations. Additional information in
relation to credit risk on trade receivables is given in note 13. These risks are generally managed by local controllers. Credit risk related to the use of
treasury instruments, including those held at amortised cost and at fair value through other comprehensive income, is managed on a Group basis.
This risk arises from transactions with financial institutions involving cash and cash equivalents, deposits and derivative financial instruments. The
maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets. To reduce this risk, Unilever has
concentrated its main activities with a limited number of counter-parties which have secure credit ratings. Individual risk limits are set for each
counter-party based on financial position, credit rating and past experience. Credit limits and concentration of exposures are actively monitored by
the Group’s Treasury department. Netting agreements are also put in place with Unilever’s principal counter-parties. In the case of a default, these
arrangements would allow Unilever to net assets and liabilities across transactions with that counter-party. To further reduce the Group’s credit
exposures on derivative financial instruments, Unilever has collateral agreements with Unilever’s principal counter-parties in relation to derivative
financial instruments. Under these arrangements, counter-parties are required to deposit securities and/or cash as a collateral for their obligations
in respect of derivative financial instruments. At 31 December 2021, the collateral held by Unilever under such arrangements amounted to €52
million (2020: €18 million), of which €27 million (2020: €16 million) was in cash, and €25 million (2020: €2 million) was in the form of bond securities.
The non-cash collateral has not been recognised as an asset in the Group’s balance sheet.
Further details in relation to the Group’s exposure to credit risk are shown in note 13 and note 16A.


18. Financial instruments fair value risk
The Group is exposed to the risks of changes in fair value of its financial assets and liabilities. The following table summarises the fair values and
carrying amounts of financial instruments.

                                                                                                         € million              € million               € million          € million
                                                                                                                                                        Carrying           Carrying
                                                                                                       Fair value           Fair value                  amount             amount
Fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities                                                    2021                   2020                   2021                2020
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                  3,415                  5,548                   3,415              5,548
Financial assets at amortised cost                                                                           958                    606                     958                606
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                                            527                    370                     527                370
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
      Derivatives                                                                                            128                     80                     128                  80
      Other                                                                                                  741                    628                     741                628
                                                                                                           5,769                  7,232                   5,769              7,232
Financial liabilities
Bank loans and overdrafts                                                                                   (402)                   (411)                  (402)              (411)
Bonds and other loans                                                                                   (29,133)                (26,936)                (27,621)           (24,585)
Lease liabilities                                                                                         (1,649)                (1,771)                 (1,649)            (1,771)
Derivatives                                                                                                 (184)                   (315)                  (184)              (315)
Other financial liabilities                                                                                 (277)                   (223)                  (277)              (223)
                                                                                                        (31,645)                (29,656)                (30,133)           (27,305)

The fair value of trade receivables and payables is considered to be equal to the carrying amount of these items due to their short-term nature.

Fair value hierarchy
The fair values shown in notes 15C and 17A have been classified into three categories depending on the inputs used in the valuation technique.
The categories used are as follows:
▪ Level 1: quoted prices for identical instruments;
▪ Level 2: directly or indirectly observable market inputs, other than Level 1 inputs; and
▪ Level 3: inputs which are not based on observable market data.
For assets and liabilities which are carried at fair value, the classification of fair value calculations by category is summarised below:

                                                            € million    € million       € million       € million      € million           € million       € million      € million
                                                                                                                                                           Total fair     Total fair
                                                             Level 1      Level 1         Level 2         Level 2        Level 3             Level 3          value          value
                                             Notes             2021         2020            2021            2020           2021                2020            2021           2020
Assets at fair value
Financial assets at fair value
through other
  Comprehensive income                         17A                 6             5              3               3           518                 362                 527        370
Financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss :
                (a)
   Derivatives                                16C                 —            —             289             158                —                 —                 289        158
   Other                                       17A              331           300              —               —            410                 328                 741        628


Liabilities at fair value
               (b)
  Derivatives                                 16C                 —            —            (235)           (418)               —                 —             (235)         (418)
  Contingent consideration                      14                —            —               —               —           (180)               (140)            (180)         (140)
(a) Includes €161 million (2020: €78 million) derivatives, reported within trade receivables, that hedge trading activities.
(b) Includes €(51) million (2020: €(103) million) derivatives, reported within trade payables, that hedge trading activities.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                               159




18. Financial instruments fair value risk continued
There were no significant changes in classification of fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities since 31 December 2020. There were also
no significant movements between the fair value levels since 31 December 2020.
The impact in 2021 income statement due to Level 3 instruments is a gain of €40 million (2020: loss of €22 million).
Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets and financial liabilities is given below:
                                                                                                                                  € million          € million
Reconciliation of movements in Level 3 valuations                                                                                     2021               2020
1 January                                                                                                                             550                373
Gains and losses recognised in income statement                                                                                          40               (22)
Gains and losses recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                             190                     75
Purchases and new issues                                                                                                                 30                  41
Sales and settlements                                                                                                                 (62)                   83
31 December                                                                                                                           748                550


Significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair values
Assets valued using Level 3 techniques include €736 million (2020: €494 million) relating to a number of unlisted investments within Unilever
Ventures companies, none of which are individually material; €115 million (2020: €106 million) of long-term cash receivables under life insurance
policies and €43 million (2020: €51 million) for an option over a non-controlling interest. Valuation techniques used are specific to each asset and
for all assets a change in one or more of the inputs to reasonably possible alternative assumptions would not change the value significantly.
Calculation of fair values
The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair values are
consistent with those used in the year ended 31 December 2020.
Assets and liabilities carried at fair value
▪ The fair values of quoted investments falling into Level 1 are based on current bid prices.
▪ The fair values of unquoted financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at fair value through profit or loss are based
  on recent trades in liquid markets, observable market rates, discounted cash flow analysis and statistical modelling techniques such as the
  Monte Carlo simulation. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2. If one or
  more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in Level 3.
▪ Derivatives are valued using valuation techniques with market observable inputs. The models incorporate various inputs including the credit
  quality of counter-parties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates, interest rate curves and forward rate curves of the underlying commodities.
▪ For listed securities where the market is not liquid, and for unlisted securities, valuation techniques are used. These include the use of recent
  arm’s length transactions, reference to other instruments that are substantially the same and discounted cash flow calculations.
Other financial assets and liabilities (fair values for disclosure purposes only)
▪ Cash and cash equivalents, trade and other current receivables, bank loans and overdrafts, trade payables and other current liabilities have fair
  values that approximate to their carrying amounts due to their short-term nature.
▪ The fair values of listed bonds are based on their market value.
▪ Non-listed bonds, other loans, bank loans and non-current receivables and payables are based on the net present value of the anticipated
  future cash flows associated with these instruments using rates currently available for debt on similar terms, credit risk and remaining
  maturities.
Policies and processes used in relation to the calculation of Level 3 fair values
Assets valued using Level 3 valuation techniques are primarily made up of long-term cash receivables and unlisted investments. Valuation
techniques used are specific to the circumstances involved. Unlisted investments include €736 million (2020: €494 million) of investments within
Unilever Ventures companies.


19. Provisions
Provisions are recognised where a legal or constructive obligation exists at the balance sheet date, as a result of a past event, where the
amount of the obligation can be reliably estimated and where the outflow of economic benefit is probable.




                                                                                                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                               € million          € million
Provisions                                                                                                                         2021              2020
Due within one year                                                                                                                480                547
Due after one year                                                                                                                 611                583
Total provisions                                                                                                                 1,091              1,130

                                                                        € million         € million          € million         € million          € million
                                                                                                                 Brazil
Movements during 2021                                              Restructuring             Legal      indirect taxes            Other              Total
1 January 2021                                                              264               227                  74              565              1,130
Additions through business combinations                                       —                  7                  —                 2                  9
Income statement:
      Charges                                                               153                55                  10              126                344
      Releases                                                              (78)                (9)               (26)              (67)             (180)
Utilisation                                                                (118)               (60)                 (2)             (58)             (238)
Currency translation                                                           6                 3                   1              16                 26
31 December 2021                                                            227               223                  57              584              1,091
160                                                                                                                Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

19. Provisions continued
Restructuring provisions primarily include people costs such as redundancy costs and the cost of compensation where manufacturing, distribution,
service or selling agreements are to be terminated. The Group expects these provisions to be substantially utilised within the next few years.
The Group is involved from time to time in legal and arbitration proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. As previously disclosed,
along with other consumer products companies and retail customers, Unilever is involved in a number of ongoing investigations by national
competition authorities. These proceedings and investigations are at various stages and concern a variety of product markets. Where specific
issues arise, provisions are made to the extent appropriate. Due to the nature of the legal cases, the timing of utilisation of these provisions
is uncertain.
Provisions for Brazil indirect taxes are comprised of disputes with Brazilian authorities, in particular relating to tax credits that can be taken for the
PIS and COFINS indirect taxes. These provisions are separate from the matters listed as contingent liabilities in note 20. Unilever does not have
provisions and contingent liabilities for the same matters. Due to the nature of disputed indirect taxes, the timing of utilisation of these provisions
is uncertain.
Other includes provisions for indirect taxes in countries other than Brazil, interest on tax provisions and provisions for various other matters. The
timing of utilisation of these provisions is uncertain.


20. Commitments and contingent liabilities
Commitments

Lease commitments are the future cash outflows from the lease contracts which are not recorded in the measurement of lease liabilities. These
include potential future payments related to leases of low-value assets, leases which are less than twelve months, variable leases, extension
and termination options and leases not yet commenced but which we have committed to.


Other commitments principally comprise commitments under contract to purchase materials and services. They do not include commitments to
purchase property, plant and equipment, which are reported in note 10 on pages 138 to 140.

                                                                                                  € million           € million         € million          € million
                                                                                                                                           Other              Other
                                                                                                                                                                   (a)
                                                                                                    Leases              Leases      Commitments       Commitments
Lease commitments and other commitments fall due as follows:                                          2021                2020               2021                2020
Within 1 year                                                                                           56                 69              1,233                 844
Later than 1 year but not later than 5 years                                                            90                 80              1,554                 694
Later than 5 years                                                                                      23                   9               501                  18
                                                                                                      169                 158              3,288               1,556
(a) Other commitments now include additional items, primarily volume commitments that were not included in 2020. The total figure on a comparable basis for 2020 is
    €3,530 million (of which €1,150 million was current).


Contingent liabilities
Contingent liabilities are either possible obligations that will probably not require a transfer of economic benefits, or present obligations that
may, but probably will not, require a transfer of economic benefits. It is not appropriate to make provisions for contingent liabilities, but there is a
chance that they will result in an obligation in the future. Assessing the amount of liabilities that are not probable is highly judgemental, so
contingent liabilities are disclosed on the basis of the known maximum exposure.

Contingent liabilities arise in respect of litigations against group companies, investigations by competition, regulatory and fiscal authorities and
obligations arising under environmental legislation. In many markets, there is a high degree of complexity involved in the local tax regimes. The
majority of contingent liabilities are in respect of fiscal matters in Brazil.
In the case of fiscal matters, the known maximum exposure is the amount included in a tax assessment.

                                                                                                                                         € million           € million
Summary of contingent liabilities                                                                                                            2021                2020
Corporate reorganisation – IPI, PIS and COFINS taxes and penalties                                                                         2,549               2,040
Inputs for PIS and COFINS taxes                                                                                                                36                  35
Goodwill amortisation                                                                                                                        137                 137
Other tax assessments – approximately 700 cases                                                                                              749                 650
Total Brazil Tax                                                                                                                           3,471               2,862
Other contingent liabilities                                                                                                                 656                 648
Total contingent liabilities                                                                                                               4,127               3,510

Brazil tax
During 2004, and in common with many other businesses operating in Brazil, one of our Brazilian subsidiaries received a notice of infringement
from the Federal Revenue Service in respect of indirect taxes regarding corporate reorganisation. The notice alleges that a 2001 reorganisation of
our local corporate structure was undertaken without a valid business purpose. The 2001 reorganisation was comparable with restructuring done
by many companies in Brazil. The original dispute was resolved in the courts in the Group’s favour. However, in 2013 a new assessment was raised
in respect of a similar matter. Additionally, during the course of 2014 and between 2017 and 2022, other notices of infringement were issued based
on the same grounds argued in the previous assessments. The total amount of the tax assessments in respect of this matter is €2,549 million (2020:
€2,040 million).
The Group believes that the likelihood that the Brazilian tax authorities will ultimately prevail is low, however there can be no guarantee of success
in court. In each case we believe our position is strong, so they have not been provided for and are considered to be contingent liabilities. Due to
the fiscal environment in Brazil, the possibility of further tax assessments related to the same matters cannot be ruled out. We expect that two of
our largest tax litigation cases, which represent around €904 million of contingent liabilities, will move from the Administrative to the Judicial
Courts during 2022, although the exact timing is uncertain. When this happens, we will be required to make a judicial deposit or provide a
guarantee in respect of the disputed tax, interest and penalties. The judicial process in Brazil is likely to take a number of years to conclude.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           161




Contingent liabilities continued
The contingent liabilities reported for indirect taxes relating to disputes with the Brazilian authorities are separate from the provisions listed in note
19. Unilever does not hold provisions and contingent liabilities for the same matters.


21. Acquisitions and disposals
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition accounting method as at the acquisition date, which is the date at which
control is transferred to the Group.

Goodwill is measured at the acquisition date as the fair value of consideration transferred, plus non-controlling interests and the fair value
of any previously held equity interests less the net recognised amount (which is generally fair value) of the identifiable assets and liabilities
assumed. Goodwill is subject to an annual review for impairment (or more frequently if necessary) in accordance with our accounting policies.
Any impairment is charged to the income statement as it arises. Detailed information relating to goodwill is provided in note 9 on pages 136
to 138.

Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, within non-underlying items.

Changes in ownership that do not result in a change of control are accounted for as equity transactions and therefore do not have any impact
on goodwill. The difference between consideration and the non-controlling share of net assets acquired is recognised within equity.


2021
In 2021, the Group completed the business acquisitions and disposals as listed below. 100% of the businesses were acquired unless stated
otherwise. Total consideration for 2021 acquisitions is €2,117 million (2020: €6,337 million for acquisitions completed during that year). In November
2021, Unilever announced that it has entered into an agreement to sell its global tea business with disposal is expected to be completed in the
second half of 2022. Further details can be found in Note 22.

Deal completion date               Acquired business
29 January 2021                    Acquired 51% of Welly Health, a producer of bandages and other healthcare-related items. The acquisition helps
                                   to expand Unilever’s existing Health and Wellbeing portfolio.
28 May 2021                        Acquired Onnit Lab Inc. a holistic wellness and lifestyle company based in the US. Onnit complements our
                                   growing portfolio of innovative wellness and supplement brands.
2 August 2021                      Acquired Paula's Choice Inc., a Prestige Skin Care company based in the U.S. The acquisition strengthens our
                                   presence in Prestige Skin Care, with an established direct to consumer eCommerce business.



Paula's Choice Acquisition
On 2 August 2021, the Group acquired 100% of the shares of Paula's Choice Inc., a U.S. based Prestige Skin Care company. The total consideration
paid was €1,832 million which comprised of €1,818 million cash paid on the completion date and €14 million of deferred consideration. The
provisional fair value of net assets recognised on the balance sheet is €1,223 million. Currently all balances remain provisional as we finalise our
review of the asset valuations. The main assets acquired were brands which were valued using an income approach model by estimating future
cash flows generated by the brand and discounting them to present value using rates in line with a market participant expectation. As part of the
acquisition, goodwill of €609 million has been recognised and which is not deductible for tax purposes. Since the acquisition date, the goodwill
balance has increased by €37 million as a result of foreign exchange effects.
More information related to each major class of assets and liabilities acquired is provided on page 162.

Effect on consolidated income statement
The acquisition deals completed in 2021 have contributed €196 million to Group turnover and €16 million to Group operating profit since the date
of acquisition. If the acquisition deals completed in 2021 had all taken place at the beginning of the year, Group turnover would have been
€52,637 million, and Group operating profit would have been €8,738 million. In 2020, the impact of acquisitions completed in the year was
€476 million to Group turnover and €124 million to Group operating profit. If all of the acquisitions had taken place at the beginning of 2020, Group
turnover for 2020 would have been €51,116 million and Group operating profit would have been €8,371 million.

2020




                                                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
In 2020 the Group completed the business acquisitions and disposals listed below. In each case (unless otherwise stated), 100% of the businesses
were acquired. For all businesses acquired, the acquisition accounting has been finalised. Subsequent changes to the provisional numbers
published last year are immaterial.
162                                                                                                                      Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

21. Acquisitions and disposals continued



Deal completion date                    Acquired/disposed business
1 April 2020                            Acquired the health food drinks business of GlaxoSmithKline plc in India and 20 other predominantly Asian
                                        markets (“the Main Horlicks Acquisition”). The acquisition added leading brands such as Horlicks and Boost in
                                        certain markets to the Unilever portfolio, increasing our presence in functional nutrition.
25 June 2020                            Acquired Vwash, a leading intimate hygiene business in India. The acquisition complements our beauty and
                                        personal care portfolio and increases our presence in fast-growing segments in India.
30 June 2020                            The Group acquired 82% of GlaxoSmithKline Bangladesh Limited, a health food drink business in Bangladesh.
                                        The Bangladesh Horlicks Acquisition was a separate transaction to the Main Horlicks Acquisition.
15 July 2020                            Sold the Ice Cream business in Chile to Carozzi.
1 October 2020                          Acquired Liquid IV, a US-based health-science nutrition and wellness company, known for its portfolio of
                                        electrolyte drink mixes that enhance rapid hydration. This acquisition increases our presence in vitamins,
                                        minerals & supplements.
23 December 2020                        Acquired SmartyPants Vitamins, a vitamin, mineral and supplement company based in the US. The acquisition
                                        complements our existing portfolio in functional nutrition.


Effect on consolidated balance sheet

Acquisitions
The following table sets out the overall impact of the Paula’s Choice acquisition and the other acquisitions in 2021 as well as comparative years on
the consolidated balance sheet. The fair values currently used for opening balances of the Paula's Choice acquisition are provisional. These
balances remain provisional due to there being outstanding relevant information in regards to the facts and circumstances that existed as of the
acquisition date and/or where valuation work is still ongoing.

                                                                                                                            € million            € million            € million
                                                                                                                                                        (a)
                                                                                                                                2021               2020                    2019
Net assets acquired                                                                                                           1,372                3,857                   771
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                         (14)                 (27)                  (25)
Goodwill                                                                                                                        759                2,507                   421
Total payment for acquisition                                                                                                 2,117                6,337                  1,167
Total consideration                                                                                                           2,117                6,337                  1,167
(a) In 2020, we acquired the Horlicks and Boost Brands from GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Limited. Of the net assets acquired, €3,345 million related to brands,
    €746 million related to deferred tax liabilities and €2,090 million related to goodwill. The total consideration paid was €5,294 million comprised of €449 million in cash
    and €4,845 million in shares of Hindustan Unilever Limited. This resulted in a dilution of Unilever’s interest in Hindustan Unilever Limited from 67.2% to 61.9%.

In 2021, the net assets acquired and total payment for acquisitions consist of:

                                                                                                                      Paula's Choice               Other             € million
                                                                                                                         acquisition         acquisitions               2021
Intangible assets                                                                                                             1,584                  160                  1,744
Other non-current assets                                                                                                           4                      4                  8
Trade and other receivables                                                                                                       15                      6                 21
                           (a)
Other current assets                                                                                                              48                   35                   83
                             (b)
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                        (385)                  (43)                (428)
                     (c)
Current liabilities                                                                                                              (43)                 (13)                  (56)
Net assets acquired                                                                                                           1,223                  149                  1,372
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                          —                   (14)                  (14)
Goodwill                                                                                                                        609                  150                   759
Total consideration                                                                                                           1,832                  285                  2,117
Of which:
   Cash consideration paid                                                                                                    1,818                  270                  2,088
   Deferred consideration                                                                                                         14                  15                    29
(a) Other current assets include inventories of €29 million, cash of €17 million in Paula's Choice with the remaining €35 million split between cash of €14 million and
    inventories of €13 million in Onnit.
(b) Non-current liabilities include deferred tax of €384 million related to Paula’s Choice.
(c) Current liabilities include trade and other payable of €36 million in Paula’s Choice.


Goodwill represents the future value that the Group believes it will obtain through operational synergies and the application of acquired company
ideas to existing Unilever channels and businesses. Detailed information relating to goodwill is provided in note 9 on pages 136 to 138.

Disposals
Total consideration for 2021 disposals is €49 million (2020: €35 million for disposals completed during that year). The following table sets out the
effect of disposals in 2021 and comparative years on the consolidated balance sheet. The results of disposed businesses are included in the
consolidated financial statements up until their date of disposal.
In 2021, we disposed of the tomato business in Greece to Minerva, and the Russian dressings business to the KDV Group.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                         163




21. Acquisitions and disposals continued
                                                                                                           € million         € million         € million
                                                                                                               2021              2020             2019
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                    3                 1                  82
Other non-current assets                                                                                          4               21                   19
Current assets                                                                                                  10                  5                  15
Trade creditors and other payables                                                                               (3)               (1)             (12)
Net assets sold                                                                                                 14                26               104
Profit/(loss) on sale attributable to Unilever                                                                  35                  9                  65
Consideration                                                                                                   49                35               169
Cash                                                                                                            40                34               168
Cash balances of businesses sold                                                                                  3                —                   1
Non-cash items and deferred consideration                                                                         6                 1                  —
                                                                                                                49                35               169



22. Assets and liabilities held for sale
Non-current assets and groups of assets and liabilities which comprise disposal groups are classified as ‘held for sale’ when all of the following
criteria are met: a decision has been made to sell; the assets are available for sale immediately; the assets are being actively marketed; and a
sale has been agreed or is expected to be concluded within 12 months of the balance sheet date.

Immediately prior to classification as held for sale, the non-current assets or groups of assets are remeasured in accordance with the Group’s
accounting policies. Subsequently, non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale are valued at the lower of book value or
fair value less disposal costs. Assets held for sale are neither depreciated nor amortised.

Non-current assets and liabilities held for sale are recognised as current on the balance sheet.

In November 2021, Unilever announced that it has entered into an agreement to sell its global Tea business, ekaterra, to CVC Capital Partners Fund
VIII for €4.5 billion on a cash-free, debt-free basis with completion expected in the second half of 2022.
As a result, the assets and liabilities are held for sale as at 31 December 2021. ekaterra includes brands such as PG tips, Pukka, Tazo, Lipton and T2,
with 11 production factories across 4 continents and tea estates in 3 countries.
ekaterra excludes Unilever’s Tea business in India, Nepal and Indonesia as well as Unilever’s interests in the Pepsi Lipton ready-to-drink Tea joint
ventures and associated distribution businesses. ekaterra forms part of the Foods and Refreshment segment across AAR, Europe and Americas.




                                                                                                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
164                                                                                                      Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued

22. Assets and liabilities held for sale continued
                                                                                           € million       € million         € million         € million
                                                                                              2021             2021              2021             2020
                                                                                                                 (a)
                                                                                           ekaterra        Others                Total            Total
                                                     (b)
Property, plant and equipment held for sale                                                      —                  2               2               17


Non-current assets
   Goodwill and intangibles                                                                    899                  2             901                 1
   Property, plant and equipment                                                               425              22                447                 4
   Deferred tax assets                                                                         329               —                329                —
   Other non-current assets                                                                     25               —                 25                —
                                                                                             1,678              24             1,702                  5
Current assets
   Inventories                                                                                 258               —               258                  6
   Trade and other receivables                                                                 336               —               336                 —
   Current tax assets                                                                           11               —                 11                —
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    90               —                 90                —
   Other current assets                                                                           2              —                  2                —

                                                                                               697               —                697                 6
Assets held for sale                                                                         2,375              26             2,401                28


Current liabilities
   Trade payables and other current liabilities                                                652               —               652                  1
   Current tax liabilities                                                                        9              —                  9                —
   Financial liabilities due within one year                                                    49               —                 49                —
   Provisions                                                                                     8              —                  8                —

                                                                                               718               —               718                  1
Non-current liabilities
   Pension and post-retirement healthcare liabilities                                           12               —                 12                —
   Financial liabilities due after one year                                                     31               —                 31                —
   Other non-current liabilities                                                                  2              —                  2                —
   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     57               —                 57                —

                                                                                               102               —               102                 —
Liabilities held for sale                                                                      820               —               820                  1
(a) Includes assets related to the disposal of the Calve and Baltimore brands in Russia.
(b) Includes manufacturing assets held for sale.


On disposal of an asset or disposal group, the associated currency translation difference, including amounts previously reported within equity, is
reclassified to the income statement as part of the gain or loss on disposal. This is estimated to be a €99 million loss.


23. Related party transactions
A related party is a person or entity that is related to the Group. These include both people and entities that have, or are subject to, the
influence or control of the Group.


Joint ventures
The following related party balances existed with joint venture businesses at 31 December:

                                                                                                                              € million        € million
                                                                                                                                 2021              2020
Related party balances                                                                                                           Total            Total
Sales to joint ventures                                                                                                         1,060            1,004
Purchases from joint ventures                                                                                                     127              118
Receivables from joint ventures                                                                                                    71                80
Payables to joint ventures                                                                                                         36                43
Loans to joint ventures                                                                                                           241              255
Royalties and service fees                                                                                                         20                21

Significant joint ventures are Unilever FIMA LDA in Portugal, Binzagr Unilever Distribution in the Middle East, the Pepsi Lipton Tea Partnership in the
US and Pepsi Lipton International Ltd for the rest of the world.

Associates
There are no trading balances due to or from associates.
Langholm Capital II was launched in 2009. Unilever has invested €65 million in Langholm II, with an outstanding commitment at the end of 2021 of
€1 million (2020: €2 million). During 2021, Unilever received €32 million (2020: €nil) from its investment in Langholm Capital II.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                               165




24. Share Buyback
On 29 April 2021 we announced a share buyback programme of up to €3 billion, which was completed on 3 December 2021. The Group has
repurchased 62,976,145 ordinary shares as part of the programme which are held by Unilever as treasury shares. Consideration paid for the
repurchase of shares including transaction costs was €3,018 million which is recorded within other reserves.


25. Remuneration of auditors
                                                                                                                            € million           € million            € million
                                                                                                                                2021                2020                 2019
Fees payable to the Group’s auditors for the audit of the consolidated and parent
                                                                (a)
  Company Accounts of Unilever N.V. and Unilever PLC                                                                               5                   6                       5
Fees payable to the Group’s auditors for the audit of accounts of subsidiaries of
                                                                 (b)(c)
  Unilever N.V. and Unilever PLC pursuant to legislation                                                                         17                   13                  12
Total statutory audit fees                                                                                                       22                   19                  17
Fees payable to the Group’s auditors for the audit of non-statutory
                          (d)
  financial statements                                                                                                             5                   6                   —
                                            (e)
Audit-related assurance services                                                                                                  —                   —                    —
Other taxation advisory services                                                                                                  —                   —                    —
Services relating to corporate finance transactions                                                                               —                   —                    —
                                (f)
Other assurance services                                                                                                           1                   1                   —
                                      (e)
All other non-audit services                                                                                                      —                   —                    —
Total fees payable                                                                                                               28                   26                  17
(a) Of which €5 million was payable to KPMG LLP (2020: €6 million; 2019: €4 million) and nil was payable to KPMG Accountants N.V. (2020: nil; 2019: €1 million)
(b) Comprises fees payable to the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative for audit work on statutory financial
    statements and Group reporting returns of subsidiary companies.
(c) Amount payable to KPMG in respect of services supplied to associated pension schemes was less than €1 million individually and in aggregate (2020: less than €1
    million individually and in aggregate; 2019: less than €1 million individually and in aggregate).
(d) 2021 includes €5 million (2020: €6 million) for the audit of carve-out financial statements of ekaterra.
(e) Amounts paid in relation to each type of service are less than €1 million individually and in aggregate (2020: less than €1 million and in aggregate; 2019: less than €1
    million and in aggregate).
(f) 2021 includes various services, each less than €1 million individually. 2020 includes €1 million for assurance work on Unification.



26. Events after the balance sheet date
Where events occurring after the balance sheet date provide evidence of conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period, the impact
of these events is adjusted within the financial statements. Otherwise, events after the balance sheet date of a material size or nature are
disclosed below.


Dividend
On 10 February 2022, Unilever announced a quarterly dividend with the 2021 fourth-quarter results of £0.3602 per PLC ordinary share. The total
value of the announced dividend is €1,137 million.

Organisational model
On 25 January 2022, Unilever announced changes to its organisational model to make it simpler and more category focused. The company will
move away from its current matrix structure and will be organised around five distinct Business Groups: Beauty & Wellbeing, Personal Care, Home
Care, Nutrition, and Ice Cream. Each Business Group will be fully responsible and accountable for their strategy, growth, and profit delivery
globally. We expect the new structure to be fully operational from the middle of the year. All costs related to setting up the new organisation will be
managed within the existing restructuring investment plans of €2 billion across 2021 and 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Debt issuance
On 23 February 2022, Unilever issued £300 million 2.125% notes maturing in 2028, €500 million 0.75% notes maturing in 2026 and €650 million 1.25%
notes maturing in 2031.
166                                                                                                     Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Unilever Group continued


27. Significant subsidiaries
The following represents the significant subsidiaries of the Group at 31 December 2021, that principally affect the turnover, profit and net assets of
the Group. The percentage of share capital shown below represents the aggregate percentage of equity capital directly or indirectly held by
Unilever PLC in the company. The companies are incorporated and principally operated in the countries under which they are shown except where
stated otherwise.

Country                           Name of company                                                                                      Shareholding %
Argentina                         Unilever de Argentina S.A.                                                                                    100%
Australia                         Unilever Australia Limited                                                                                    100%
Bangladesh                        Unilever Bangladesh Limited                                                                                    61%
Brazil                            Unilever Brasil Ltda.                                                                                         100%
Canada                            Unilever Canada Inc.                                                                                          100%
China                             Unilever Services (Hefei) Co. Ltd                                                                             100%
China                             Walls (China) Co. Limited                                                                                     100%
England and Wales                 Unilever UK & CN Holdings Limited                                                                             100%
England and Wales                 Unilever Global IP Ltd                                                                                        100%
England and Wales                 Unilever U.K. Holdings Limited                                                                                100%
England and Wales                 Unilever UK Limited                                                                                           100%
England and Wales                 Unilever U.K. Central Resources Limited                                                                       100%
France                            Unilever France S.A.S.                                                                                        100%
Germany                           Unilever Deutschland Gmbh                                                                                     100%
Germany                           Unilever Deutschland Holding Gmbh                                                                             100%
India                             Hindustan Unilever Limited                                                                                     62%
Indonesia                         PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk                                                                                      85%
Italy                             Unilever Italia Mkt Operations S.R.L.                                                                         100%
Mexico                            Unilever de Mexico, S.de R.l. de C.V.                                                                         100%
Netherlands                       Ekaterra B.V.                                                                                                 100%
Netherlands                       ekaterra Group Finance B.V.                                                                                   100%
Netherlands                       ekaterra Group IP Holdings B.V.                                                                               100%
Netherlands                       Mixhold B.V.                                                                                                  100%
Netherlands                       Unilever Finance Netherlands B.V.                                                                             100%
Netherlands                       Unilever IP Holdings B.V.                                                                                     100%
Netherlands                       Unilever Nederland B.V.                                                                                       100%
Netherlands                       Unilever Europe B.V.                                                                                          100%
Netherlands                       Unilever Nederland Services B.V.                                                                              100%
Netherlands                       UNUS Holding B.V.                                                                                             100%
Pakistan                          Unilever Pakistan Limited                                                                                      99%
Philippines                       Unilever Philippines, Inc.                                                                                    100%
Russia                            OOO Unilever Rus                                                                                              100%
Singapore                         Unilever Asia Private Limited                                                                                 100%
South Africa                      Unilever South Africa (Pty) Limited                                                                           100%
Switzerland                       Unilever Finance International AG                                                                             100%
Thailand                          Unilever Thai Trading Limited                                                                                 100%
Turkey                            Unilever Sanayi ve Ticaret Turk A.S                                                                           100%
United States of America          Conopco, Inc                                                                                                  100%
United States of America          Unilever Capital Corporation                                                                                  100%
United States of America          Unilever North America Supply Chain Company LLC                                                               100%
United States of America          Unilever United States, Inc                                                                                   100%
United States of America          Ben & Jerry's Homemade, Inc.                                                                                  100%
United States of America          Paula's Choice, Inc.                                                                                          100%
Vietnam                           Unilever Vietnam International Company Limited                                                                100%

See pages 176 to 186 for a complete list of subsidiary undertakings, associates and joint ventures.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                            167




Company Accounts
Unilever PLC
Income statement
for the year ended 31 December

                                                                                    £ million    £ million

                                                                            Notes      2021         2020
Turnover                                                                       1        396        2,281
Royalties and services charged out to group companies                                   396        2,281
Incurred costs and royalties paid                                                      (474)      (2,024)
Amortisation of finite-life intangible assets and software                     4          —          (11)
Other (expenses)/income                                                                  24            (5)
Operating profit                                                                        (54)         241
Net finance costs                                                                       (29)         (58)
 Finance income                                                                          29           31
 Finance costs                                                                          (58)         (89)
Income from shares in group companies                                          2      2,421          456
Profit/(loss) on disposal of intangible assets                                        2,815            —
(Impairment)/Reversal of impairment of intangible assets                       4          —          (12)
Profit before taxation                                                                5,153          627
Taxation                                                                       3       (773)        (173)
Net profit                                                                            4,380          454




Statement of comprehensive income
                                                                                     £ million    £ million
                                                                                         2021         2020
Net profit                                                                             4,380          454
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss, net of tax:
  Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans net of tax                                —              1
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, net of tax                  —            —
Total comprehensive income                                                             4,380          455




                                                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
168                                                                                                                    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021




Statement of changes in equity
                                                                                  £ million       £ million       £ million       £ million       £ million      £ million
                                                                                                    Share         Capital
                                                                                Called up        premium      redemption             Other       Retained
Statement of changes in equity                                               Share capital        account         reserve         reserves          profit    Total equity
1 January 2020                                                                         36              94              15              —           7,071           7,216
Profit or loss for the period                                                          —               —               —               —             454             454
Other comprehensive income net of tax:                                                 —               —               —               —               —               —
   Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plan net of tax                            —               —               —               —                1               1
Total comprehensive income                                                             —               —               —               —             455             455
Dividends on ordinary capital                                                          —               —               —               —          (1,698)         (1,698)
                      (a)
Issuance of shares                                                                     46         65,431               —               —               —          65,477
                                           (a)
Other movements in treasury shares                                                     —               —               —             (271)             —            (271)
Other movements in equity                                                              —               —               —               —               —               —
31 December 2020                                                                       82         65,525               15           (271)          5,828         71,179
Profit or loss for the period                                                           —              —               —               —           4,380           4,380
Other comprehensive income net of tax:
   Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plan net of tax                             —              —               —               —               —               —
Total comprehensive income                                                              —              —               —               —           4,380           4,380
Dividends on ordinary capital                                                           —              —               —               —          (3,841)         (3,841)
Issuance of shares                                                                      —              —               —               —               —               —
                                  (b)
Share capital reduction                                                                 —        (18,400)              —               —          18,400               —
                            (c)
Repurchase of shares                                                                    —              —               —          (2,581)              —          (2,581)
Cancellation of treasury shares                                                         —              —               —               —               —               —
                                           (d)
Other movements in treasury shares                                                      —              —               —               58              —              58
Other movements in equity                                                               —              —               —               —              (16)           (16)
31 December 2021                                                                       82         47,125               15         (2,794)         24,751         69,179
(a) As part of Unification, the shareholders of N.V. were issued PLC ordinary shares, and all NV shares in issue were cancelled and treasury stock held by Unilever N.V. was
    transferred to Unilever PLC.
(b) On 15 June 2021, the High Court of Justice of England and Wales approved the reduction of share premium by an amount of £18,400 million which has led to a
    decrease in share premium and a corresponding increase in the amount of profit retained.
(c) During 2021, Unilever PLC repurchased 62,976,145 PLC ordinary shares (2020: nil). Consideration paid for the repurchase of these shares including transaction costs was
    £2,581 million (2020: nil) which was initially recorded in other reserves.
(d) At 31 December 2021, 4,453,244 (2020: 5,884,511) treasury shares are held at an employee share ownership trust and nil shares (2020: 50,000) shares were held by PLC.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                        169




Balance sheet
as at 31 December

                                                                                                             £ million   £ million

                                                                                                   Notes        2021        2020
Assets
Non-current assets
Intangible assets                                                                                       4          —         146
Investments in subsidiaries                                                                             5    76,057      73,798
Other non-current assets                                                                                6      1,537       1,578
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                —            9
Pension assets                                                                                                      2           2
                                                                                                             77,596      75,533


Current assets
Trade and other current receivables                                                                      7       154       1,770
                                                                                                                 154       1,770
Total assets                                                                                                 77,750      77,303
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade payables and other current liabilities                                                            8      6,483       4,196
Financial liabilities                                                                                   9        550           —
                                                                                                               7,033       4,196
Non-current liabilities
Financial liabilities                                                                                   9      1,536       1,926
Provisions                                                                                                          2           2
                                                                                                               1,538       1,928
Total liabilities                                                                                              8,571       6,124


Equity
Shareholders’ equity
Called up share capital                                                                                 10        82          82
Share premium account                                                                                   10   47,125      65,525
Capital redemption reserve                                                                                        15          15
Other reserves                                                                                          10    (2,794)       (271)
Retained profit                                                                                         10   24,751        5,828
                                                                                                             69,179      71,179
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                                                   77,750      77,303


The financial statements on pages 167 to 175 were approved by the Board of Directors on 2 March 2022.
On behalf of the Board of Directors



A Jope                        G Pitkethly               2 March 2022




                                                                                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Chief Executive Officer       Chief Financial Officer
170                                                                                                                  Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                                      £ million           £ million
                                                                                                                      Notes               2021                2020
Net profit                                                                                                                              4,380                 454
Taxation                                                                                                                  3                773                 173
Net finance costs                                                                                                                           29                  58
Impairment of intangibles                                                                                                 4                 —                   12
(Profit)/loss on disposal of Intangible asset                                                                                           (2,815)                 —
Income from share in group companies                                                                                      2             (2,421)               (456)
Operating profit                                                                                                                           (54)               241
Amortisation                                                                                                              4                 —                   11
Changes in working capital                                                                                                              3,912               1,174
      Trade and other current receivables                                                                                 7             1,616               2,683
      Trade payables and other current liabilities                                                                        8             2,296               (1,509)
Cash flow from operating activities                                                                                                     3,858               1,426
Income tax paid                                                                                                                            (28)                (84)
Net cash flow from operating activities                                                                                                 3,830               1,342
Interest received                                                                                                                           29                  31
Investment in subsidiaries                                                                                                                  —                   —
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                                                               —                  (42)
Loans given to subsidiaries                                                                                                                 —                   —
Dividends from subsidiaries                                                                                                             2,421                 456
Net cash flow from investing activities                                                                                                 2,450                 445
Dividends paid on ordinary share capital                                                                                10             (3,841)              (1,698)
Interest paid                                                                                                                              (58)                (89)
Additional financial liabilities                                                                                                           400                  —
Repayment of financial liabilities                                                                                                        (200)                 —
Repurchase of shares                                                                                                                   (2,581)                  —
Other movements in treasury shares                                                                                      10                  —                   —
Net cash flow from financing activities                                                                                                (6,280)              (1,787)
                                                 (a)
Net increase/(decrease) in current account                                                                                                  —                   —


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                        —                   —
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                                                      —                   —
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                                                            —                   —

(a) Unilever PLC does not have cash and cash equivalents. Instead, Unilever PLC has a current account with Unilever UK Central Resources Limited and Unilever UK Central
    Resources Limited makes and collects payments on behalf of Unilever PLC.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                        171




Notes to the Company Accounts
Unilever PLC
Accounting information and policies

Basis of preparation                                                        Critical accounting estimates and judgements
The Company accounts of PLC are prepared on the going concern basis         The preparation of financial statements requires management to make
and in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards          judgements and estimates in the application of accounting policies
(IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB),    that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
and UK-adopted international accounting standards. The Company              expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates and
accounts comply with Companies Act 2006.                                    judgements are periodically evaluated and are based on historical
                                                                            experience and other factors, including expectations of future events
The accounts are prepared under the historical cost convention, except      that are believed to be reasonable. Revisions to accounting estimates
for the revaluation of financial assets classified as ‘fair value through   are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any
other comprehensive income’ or ‘fair value through profit or loss’, as      future period affected.
well as derivative financial instruments, which are reported in
accordance with the accounting policies set out below.                      The following judgements and estimates are what management believe
                                                                            have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the PLC
Unilever PLC is included within the consolidated financial statements of    Company Accounts as indicated below:
the Group. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are
prepared in accordance with IFRS.                                           On 1 January 2021, a swap transaction of intellectual property rights
                                                                            occurred between PLC, Unilever Global IP Limited and Unilever IP
                                                                            Holdings B.V. (IP Swap) where :
Accounting policies                                                         ▪ PLC transferred its intellectual property related to Foods and
                                                                              Refreshment to Unilever IP Holdings B.V. and in exchange received
The accounting policies of PLC Company Accounts are the same as the           intellectual property related to Home Care and Beauty and Personal
Unilever Group, refer to pages 118 and 119, except for the accounting         Care (HC BPC). Accordingly, PLC derecognised £139 million of
policies included below.                                                      intangible assets, recognised the acquired intellectual property at a
Foreign currency                                                              fair value of £2,954 million and an unrealised gain in the income
The Company’s functional and presentational currency is pound                 statement of £2,815 million for the difference. A deferred tax charge
sterling. Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the            of £702 million was also recognised.
Company’s functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at        ▪ PLC then transferred the intellectual property related to HC and BPC
the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities                  to Unilever Global IP Limited. For this transfer, PLC derecognised the
denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are               intangible assets of £2,961 million and deferred tax liability of £702
retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate          million with a corresponding increase in the investment in Unilever
ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are             Global IP Limited for the net amount.
measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated   The IP swap had economic substance and therefore the acquired
using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary        intellectual property is recognised at fair value. Management used
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated    judgement to estimate the fair value and employed the Relief from
at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign        Royalty method. The key assumptions included revenue growth,
exchange rates ruling at the date the fair value was determined.            remaining useful life, arm’s length royalty rate and discount rate.
Foreign exchange differences arising on translation of monetary assets
and liabilities are recognised in the income statement.
Turnover
Turnover excludes value added tax and includes royalties and service        1. Turnover
fees received from group companies. Royalty income from brand and
technology licence arrangements is recognised at the time sales are                                                             £ million     £ million
made by group companies. Revenue from services is recognised over                                                                   2021          2020
time based on the usage of these services by group companies.
                                                                            Royalties (point in time)                               111           562
Operating profit                                                            Services (over time)                                    285         1,719
The operating profit is stated after deducting the costs that are mainly
related to the royalties and delivered services. Expenses are allocated     Turnover                                                396         2,281
to the period in which they relate.                                         The significant reduction in turnover in 2021 is due to the transfer of
Investment in subsidiaries                                                  intellectual property to subsidiaries (including the swap transaction
Shares in group companies are stated at cost less any amounts written       described in note 4) which has resulted in reduced royalty income. In




                                                                                                                                                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
off to reflect an impairment.                                               addition, the ongoing transfer of service contracts to other group
                                                                            companies has resulted in a decline in service turnover.
Financial guarantees
Where PLC enters into financial guarantee contracts to guarantee the
indebtedness of other companies within its group, they consider these
                                                                            2. Income from shares in group companies
to be insurance arrangements and account for them as such. In this
                                                                                                                                £ million     £ million
respect, PLC treats the guarantee contracts as a contingent liability
until such time as it becomes probable that it will be required to make a                                                           2021          2020
payment under the guarantee. IFRS 17 ‘Insurance Contracts’ has been         Dividends received from shares in Group
released but is not yet adopted by the Company. The standard is             undertakings                                          2,421           456
effective from the year ended 31 December 2023 and introduces a new
                                                                                                                                  2,421           456
model for accounting for insurance contracts. We are currently
assessing the impact of this new standard on this accounting policy.
Capital Redemption Reserve
The nominal value of shares cancelled is transferred from share capital
to the capital redemption reserve.
172                                                                                                     Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021

3. Taxation
                                                                             4. Intangible assets
                                                    £ million    £ million

                                                       2021         2020                                          £ million      £ million    £ million
                                                                                                                Indefinite-
Current tax                                                                                                             life    Finite-life
Current year                                            (39)        (133)                                       intangible     intangible
                                                                                                                    assets         assets         Total
Double taxation relief                                    —           25
                                                                             Cost
Adjustments in respect of prior years                   (22)         (67)
                                                                             At 1 January 2020                        102            166          268
                                                        (61)        (175)
                                                                             Additions                                  42             —            42
Deferred tax
                                                                             Disposals                                 (53)            (3)         (56)
Current year                                           (718)            5
                                                                             At 31 December 2020                        91           163          254
Change in tax rate                                         3            2
                                                                             Additions                              2,696            258        2,954
Adjustments in respect of prior years                      3           (5)               (a)
                                                                             Disposals                             (2,787)          (421)      (3,208)
                                                       (712)            2
                                                                             At 31 December 2021                        —              —            —
Tax (charge)/credit on profits on ordinary
                                                                             Amortisation and
activities                                             (773)        (173)
                                                                             impairment

The current UK corporate tax rate is 19% (2020: 19%). In the 3rd of March    At 1 January 2020                          —             (85)         (85)
2021 UK Budget, it was announced that the UK rate of corporation tax         Amortisation and impairment
will increase from 19% to 25% effective from 1 April 2023. The change        for the year                               —             (23)         (23)
received Royal Ascent on 10 June 2021 and therefore has been applied
                                                                             At 31 December 2020                        —           (108)        (108)
to these accounts for deferred tax purposes.
                                                                             Amortisation and impairment
                                                                             for the year                               —              —            —
                                                    £ million    £ million   Disposals                                  —            108          108
Reconciliation of tax expense                          2021         2020     At 31 December 2021                        —              —            —
Profit/(loss) for the year                            5,153          627     Net book value at 31
                                                                             December 2021                              —              —            —
Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19%
(2020: 19%)                                            (979)        (119)    Net book value at 31
                                                                             December 2020                              91             55         146
Tax effects of:
    Income not subject to tax (primarily tax-                                (a) On 1 January 2021, a swap transaction of intellectual property
  exempt dividends)                                     460           86     occurred between PLC, Unilever Global IP Limited and Unilever IP
Non-deductible expenses                                   (2)        (13)    Holdings B.V.in which PLC transferred its intellectual property related to
                                                                             Foods and Refreshment to Unilever IP Holdings B.V. and in exchange
Effects of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions           (64)         (57)    received intellectual property related to Home Care and Beauty and
Permanent differences - other                          (171)           —     Personal Care (HC BPC). Accordingly, PLC derecognised £139 million of
                                                                             intangible assets and recognised the acquired intellectual property at a
(Under)/over provided in prior years                    (20)         (72)
                                                                             fair value of £2,954 million which was then transferred to Unilever
Impact of change in tax rate on deferred tax                                 Global IP Limited, along with the remainder intellectual property in
balances                                                   3            2    PLC’s books. For this transfer, PLC has derecognised intangible assets of
Total tax expense                                      (773)        (173)    £2,961 million and deferred tax liability of £702 million and increased
                                                                             the investment in Unilever Global IP Limited by the net amount of
                                                                             £2,259 million.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                            173




5. Investments in subsidiaries                                                       7. Trade and other current receivables
                                                                       £ million                                                                £ million      £ million
                                                                                                                                            31 Dec 2021     31 Dec 2020
                                                                                                                                  (c)
Cost                                                                                  Amounts due from group companies                              154          1,770
At 1 January 2020                                                           8,370                                                                   154          1,770
At 31 December 2020                                                    73,803        (c)   Amounts due from group companies are mainly interest-bearing amounts that
                                                                                           are repayable on demand. Other amounts are interest-free and settled
Additions                                                                   2,259          monthly.
Disposals                                                                      —
At 31 December 2021                                                    76,062        PLC does not consider the fair value of amounts due from group
                                                                                     companies to be significantly different from their carrying values. As
Impairment losses                                                                    these are amounts due from other entities within the Group, PLC has
At 1 January 2020                                                              (5)   estimated the expected credit losses to be immaterial. Our historical
                                                                                     experience of collecting these balances supported by the level of
At 31 December 2020                                                            (5)   default confirms that the credit risk is low.
At 31 December 2021                                                            (5)
Net book value at 31 December 2021                                     76,057        8. Trade payables and other current liabilities
Net book value at 31 December 2020                                     73,798
                                                                                                                                                £ million      £ million
The increase in investments in subsidiaries relates to transfer of                                                                          31 Dec 2021     31 Dec 2020
intangible assets to Unilever Global IP Limited. See note 4 for                       Loans from group companies
                                                                                                                         (d)
                                                                                                                                                  3,000          3,000
more details.                                                                                                                    (d)
                                                                                      Amounts owed to group companies                             3,447          1,070
Investments include the subsidiary company Hindustan Unilever Limited                 Taxation and social security                                   13            102
(HUL), with a cost of £2,197 million (2020: £2,197 million). The shares of
HUL are listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange and have a market value                   Accruals and deferred income                                   23              24
of £26,195 million (2020: £26,789 million) as at 31 December 2021.                                                                                6,483          4,196
Information on the non-controlling interest in HUL is given in note 15B of
the consolidated financial statements.                                               (d) Amounts due to group companies are mainly interest-bearing amounts that
                                                                                         are repayable on demand. Other amounts are interest-free and settled
Investments in subsidiaries comprise equity shares of group companies.                   monthly. Loans from group companies are all interest-bearing at market rates
                                                                                         and are unsecured, repayable on demand and supported by
These investments only generate cash inflows in combination with other
                                                                                         formal agreements.
assets within the group. Accordingly cash inflows are not independent
at any level below the cash generating units (CGUs) used for group
impairment testing purposes. There have been no impairments                          9. Financial liabilities
recorded against the group CGUs at the end of the reporting periods
and therefore there is no indication that any of the investments in                                                                             £ million      £ million
subsidiaries would be subject to impairment.                                                                                                31 Dec 2021     31 Dec 2020
                                                                                      Current
6. Other non-current assets                                                                                      (e)
                                                                                      Bonds and other loans                                         550
                                                       £ million      £ million       Non-current
                                                                                                                 (e)
                                                    31 Dec 2021    31 Dec 2020        Bonds and other loans                                       1,536          1,926
                               (b)
 Loans to group companies                                1,537          1,578         Total                                                       2,086          1,926
                                                         1,537          1,578        (e)   This includes £350 million 1.125% note (year-end amortised cost £350 million),
                                                                                           £250 million 1.375% note (year-end amortised cost £250 million), £250 million
(b) Loans to group companies are interest-bearing at market rates and are                  1.875% note (year-end amortised cost £248 million), £500 million 1. 5% note
    unsecured and repayable on demand.                                                     (year-end amortised cost £497 million) and £650 million 1. 5% note (year-end
                                                                                           amortised cost £542 million) maturing in 2022, 2024, 2029, 2026 and
PLC does not consider the fair value of loans to group companies to be
                                                                                           2039 respectively.
significantly different from their carrying values. As these are amounts
due from other entities within the Group, PLC has estimated the                      The fair value of the bonds at 31 December 2021 was £1,965 million
expected credit losses to be immaterial. Our historical experience of                (2020: £2,124 million).
collecting these balances supported by the level of default confirms
that the credit risk is low.
                                                                                     10. Capital and funding
                                                                                     The Company’s capital and funding strategy is described in note 15 of
                                                                                     the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     10A. Called up share capital
                                                                                     The called up share capital amounting to £82 million at 31 December
                                                                                     2021 (31 December 2020: £82 million) consists of 2,629,243,772 (2020:
                                                                                     2,629,243,772) ordinary shares.
                                                                                     Information on the called up and paid up capital is given in note 15A of
                                                                                     the consolidated financial statements.
 174                                                                                                                    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021


10B. Share premium account                                                               10E. Profit appropriation

                                                           £ million      £ million                                                                 £ million       £ million
                                                               2021           2020                                                                      2021           2020
                                                                                                              (h)
 1 January                                                  65,525              94        Profit for the year                                         4,380             454
                                                                                                     (i)
 Change during the year:                                                                  Dividends                                                  (2,855)         (1,292)
       Issuance of ordinary shares                               —         65,431         To profit retained                                          1,525            (838)
       Decrease due to share capital reduction             (18,400)                      (h) Profit for the year includes £2,815 million pertaining to unrealised gain on
                                                                                             swap/disposal of intangible assets with group companies as explained in
 31 December                                                47,125         65,525            note 4.
                                                                                         (i) The dividend to be paid in March 2022 (see note 16) is not included in the 2021
Share premium is the excess of the consideration received over the                           dividend amount.
nominal value of the shares issued.
On 15 June 2021, the High Court of Justice of England and Wales
approved the reduction of share premium by an amount of £18,400                          11. Treasury and risk management
million which has led to a decrease in share premium and a
                                                                                         Financial assets and liabilities in the Company's balance sheet
corresponding increase in the amount of profit retained.
                                                                                         comprise amounts due from and due to group companies, loans due
10C. Other reserves                                                                      from and due to group companies and bonds. The Company does not
Other reserves relate to treasury shares and shares held in trust.                       consider the fair value of financial assets and liabilities at 31 December
                                                                                         2021 to be significantly different to their carrying value.
                                                         £ million       £ million
                                                                                         The Company is exposed to market risks from its use of financial
 Treasury shares                                             2021           2020         instruments, the management of which is described in note 16B on
 1 January                                                     (2)             —         pages 151 to 154 in the consolidated financial statements.

 Change during the year:                                                                 Market risks
                                                                                         Currency risk
       Acquired as part of Unification                         —               (2)
      Repurchase of shares                                (2,581)                        The Company's functional and presentational currency is pound
                                                                                         sterling, however the Company is exposed to intercompany loans
      Utilisations and transfer of shares                       2              —         receivable, intercompany loans payable and bonds that are
 31 December                                              (2,581)              (2)       denominated in other currencies. The Company's exposure for holding
                                                                                         financial assets and liabilities in currencies other than its functional
                                                                                         currency is £45 million (2020: £180 million). The Company entered into
During 2021, as part of a share buyback programme, Unilever PLC
                                                                                         derivatives to mitigate the foreign currency risk but does not apply
repurchased 62,976,145 ordinary shares which are held as treasury
                                                                                         hedge accounting.
shares. Consideration paid for the repurchase including transaction
costs was £2,581 million which is recorded within other reserves.                        Currency sensitivity analysis
PLC holds 62,976,145 (31 December 2020: 50,000) of its own ordinary                      The sensitivity analysis below details the company's sensitivity to a 10%
shares. These were held as treasury shares within other reserves.                        increase (2020: 10% increase) in the pound sterling against the foreign
                                                                                         currencies. These percentages represent management's assessment of
                                                         £ million       £ million       the possible changes in the foreign exchange rates at the respective
 Shares held in trust                                        2021           2020         year-ends. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign
                                                                                         currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at
 1 January                                                   (269)               -
                                                                                         the period-end for the above percentage change in foreign
 Change during the year:                                                                 currency rates.
       Transferred from NV                                     —            (269)        A 10% strengthening of the foreign currencies against the pound
       Other purchases and utilisations                        56              —         sterling would have led to approximately an additional £5 million gain
                                                                                         in the income statement (2020: £18 million gain).
 31 December                                                 (213)          (269)
                                                                                         A 10% weakening of the foreign currencies against the pound sterling
PLC holds 4,453,244 (2020: 5,884,511) of its own ordinary shares via the                 would have led to an equal but opposite effect.
employee share ownership trust.                                                          Interest rate risk
                                                                                         The Company is exposed to interest rate risks on its intercompany loans
10D. Retained profit                                                                     receivable, intercompany loans payable and commercial papers as
                                                                                         these are floating. Increases in benchmark interest rates could increase
                                                           £ million       £ million     the interest income and interest cost. The intercompany loans
                                                               2021           2020
                                                                                         receivables and loans payables were initially recognised at their fair
                                                                                         value. The fair value of these assets is the same as their carrying
 1 January                                                   5,828           7,071       amount at 31 December 2021.
                         (f)
 Profit for the year                                         4,380             454       Interest rate sensitivity analysis
 Cancellation of shares                                          —               —
                                                                                         The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the
 Increase due to share capital reduction                    18,400               —       exposure to interest rates at the statement of financial position date.
 Other movements                                                (16)                 1   The following changes in the interest rates represent management's
                   (g)
 Dividends paid                                             (3,841)         (1,698)      assessment of the possible change in interest rates at the respective
                                                                                         year-ends:
 31 December                                                24,751           5,828
(f) Profit for the year includes £2,815 million pertaining to unrealised gain on         Assuming that all variables remain constant, a 1.0 percentage point
    swap/disposal of intangible assets with group companies as explained in              increase in floating interest rates on a full-year basis as at 31 December
    note 4.                                                                              2021 would have led to an additional £12 million of finance cost (2020:
(g) Further details are given in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements on      £30 million additional finance cost).
    page 136.
                                                                                         A 1.0 percentage point decrease in floating interest rate on a full-year
                                                                                         basis would have an equal but opposite effect.

                                                                                         12. Transactions with related parties
                                                                                         A related party is a person or entity that is related to PLC. These include
                                                                                         both people and entities that have, or are subject to, the influence or
                                                                                         control of PLC. Information on key management personnel has been
                                                                                         given in note 23 of the consolidated financial statements.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                          175



The following related party balances existed with group companies at             14. Remuneration of auditors
31 December.
                                                                                 The parent company accounts of Unilever PLC are required to comply
                                                      £ million      £ million   with the Companies (Disclosure of Auditor Remuneration and Liability
                                                                                 Limitation Agreements) Regulations 2008. For details of the
                                                   31 Dec 2021    31 Dec 2020
                                                                                 remuneration of the auditors, please refer to note 25 of the
Trading and other balances due from/(to)                                         consolidated financial statements.
subsidiaries                                           (3,312)           681
Loans due from/(to) subsidiaries                       (1,463)        (1,423)    15. Remuneration of Directors
Refer to notes 6, 7, 8 and 9 for an explanation of these balances.               Information about the remuneration of Directors is given in the tables
The following related party transactions took place during the year              noted as audited in the Directors' Remuneration Report on pages 84 to
with subsidiaries:                                                               104. Information on key management compensation is provided in note
                                                                                 4A to the consolidated financial statements on page 125.
                                                     £ million      £ million
                                                         2021           2020     16. Post-balance sheet events
Turnover
                                                                                 Dividend
Royalties                                                111             562     On 10 February 2022 the Directors announced a dividend of £0.3602 per
Services                                                 285          1,719      PLC ordinary share. Dividends will be paid out of retained profit. The
                                                                                 dividend is payable on 22 March 2022 to shareholders registered at the
                                                                                 close of business on 25 February 2022.
Others
                                                                                 Debt issuance
Dividends received                                     2,421             456
                                                                                 On 23 February 2022, Unilever PLC issued £300 million 2.125% notes
Loans and related interest                                (44)            49     maturing in 2028.
Global IPR and service cost                             (474)        (2,024)
Information on guarantees given by PLC to group companies is given in
note 13 of the Company Accounts.

13. Contingent liabilities and financial commitments
The total amount of guarantees is £30,942 million (2020: £30,374
million).
This consists of guarantees relating to:
  ▪ The long-term debt and commercial paper issued by Group
     companies such as Unilever Finance Netherlands B.V. and
     Unilever Capital Corporation, which are joint with Unilever United
     States, Inc.
  ▪ Group companies obligations to the UK and Netherlands pension
     funds and of the Group captive insurance company; and
  ▪ Certain borrowings and derivatives of the other group companies.

There are also certain financial commitments which are not included in
the total amount of guarantees because they do not currently relate to
existing liabilities or cannot be quantified:
  ▪ PLC and Unilever United States, Inc. have guaranteed the standby
     facilities of $7,965 million (2020: $7,965 million) and €1,500 million
     (2020: Nil) for the group companies which were undrawn as at 31
     December 2021 and 2020;
  ▪ The joint and several liability undertakings issued by NV in
     accordance with Article 2:403 of the Dutch Civil Code for almost all
     of its Dutch group companies were withdrawn by means of filings
     with the Dutch Trade Register on 27 November 2020, being the last
     practicable date prior to the effective date of the cross-border
     merger between NV and PLC. With effect from the date of the cross-
     border merger, PLC issued a guarantee confirming PLC’s liability
     for any residual liability referred to in Article 2:404 (2) of the Dutch
     Civil Code of NV remaining after the withdrawal of such
     undertakings, to the extent that such liability did not transfer in the
     cross-border merger; and




                                                                                                                                                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  ▪ PLC has guaranteed some contingent consideration of Group
     companies relating to past business acquisitions and financial
     commitments including indemnities arising from past business
     disposals; and certain global and regional contracts

The likelihood of all of these guarantees and financial commitments
being called upon is considered to be remote and so the fair value is
deemed to be immaterial.
176                                                                                                             Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021




Group Companies
As at 31 December 2021
In accordance with Section 409 of the Companies Act 2006, a list of subsidiaries, partnerships, associates and joint ventures as at 31 December
2021 is set out below. All subsidiary undertakings are subsidiary undertakings of their immediate parent undertaking(s) pursuant to section 1162
(2) (a) of the Companies Act 2006 unless otherwise indicated – see the notes on page 186. All subsidiary undertakings not included in the
consolidation are not included because they are not material for such purposes. All associated undertakings are included in the Unilever Group’s
financial statements using the equity method of accounting unless otherwise indicated – see the notes on page 186.
See page 166 of the Annual Report and Accounts for a list of the significant subsidiaries.
Companies are listed by country and under their registered office address. The aggregate percentage of capital held by the Unilever Group is
shown after the subsidiary company name, except where it is 100%. If the Nominal Value field is blank, then the Share Class Note will identify the
type of interest held in the entity.

Subsidiary undertakings included in the consolidation
                                                                        Share                                                                              Share

                                                            Nominal     Class                                                                  Nominal     Class
Name of                                                                         Name of
Undertaking                                                    Value    Note    Undertaking                                                        Value    Note
Algeria – Zone Industrielle Hassi Ameur Oran 31000                              Unilever Andina Bolivia S.A.                                    BS100.00           1
                                                                                Brazil – Rua Oscar Freire, n. 957, mezanino, room 1, Cerqueira Cesar, Zip Code
Unilever Algérie SPA (72.50)                             DZD1,000.00        1   01426-003, São Paulo/SP

Argentina – Tucumán 1, Piso 4°, Cdad. de Buenos Aires                           Euphoria Ice Cream Comercio de Alimentos
                                                                                Limitada                                                         BRL1.00           5
Arisco S.A.                                                  ARS1.00        1
                                                                                Brazil – Rod. BR 101-Norte, s/n, km. 43,6 – Room 4, Igarassu /PE
Unilever De Argentina S.A.                                   ARS1.00        1
Club de beneficios S.A.U.                                    ARS1.00        1   Cicanorte Industria de Conservas Alimenticas S.A.                BRL2.80           1
Argentina – Mendoza km 7/8 – Pocitos, San Juan                                  Brazil – Cidade de São Paulo, Estado de São Paulo, na Avenida Presidente
                                                                                Juscelino Kubitscheck,1.309, 13o andar, Zip Code 04543-011
Helket S.A.                                                  ARS1.00        1
                                                                                RGG – Comércio E Representações De Produtos De
Argentina- Juana Manso 205, 7mo. Piso, Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires          Higiene Pessoal Limitada                                         BRL1.00           5
Gronextar S.A.                                               ARS1.00        1   Brazil – Rua Professor José Leite e Oticica, nº 530, Vila Gertrudes, CEP
Australia – 219 North Rocks Road, North Rocks NSW 2151                          04.705-080, São Paulo/SP
                                                                                E-UB Comércio Limitada                                           BRL1.00           5
Ben & Jerry’s Franchising Australia Limited                  AUD1.00        1   Brazil – Cidade de Valinhos, Estado de São Paulo Rua Campos Salles, nº 20,
Tea Too Pty Limited                                          AUD1.00        1   Parte, Centro, Zip Code 13.271-900

TIGI Australia Pty Limited                                   AUD1.00        2   Unilever Logistica Serviços Limitada                             BRL1.00           5

                                                             AUD1.00        3   Brazil – Av. das Nações Unidas, n. 14.261, 8th floor, qd 9, Wing B, Vila
                                                                                Gertrudes, Zip Code 04794-000 – São Paulo/SP

Unilever Australia (Holdings) Pty Limited                    AUD1.00        1   UBI 4 – Comércio de Alimentos Limitada                           BRL1.00           5
                                                                                Brazil – Rod. BR 232, s/n, km. 13 – Jaboatão dos Guararapes/PE
Unilever Australia Group Pty Limited                       AUD2.7414        1   Unilever Brasil Gelados do Nordeste S.A.                    No Par Value           2
Unilever Australia Limited                                   AUD1.00        1                                                               No Par Value           3
                                                                                Brazil – Av. das Nações Unidas, n. 14.261, 3rd floor, Parte – Gelados SP, Wing B,
Unilever Australia Supply Services Limited                   AUD1.00        1   Vila Gertrudes,Zip Code 04794-000, São Paulo/SP
                                                                                Unilever Brasil Gelados Limitada                                 BRL1.00           5
Unilever Australia Trading Limited                           AUD1.00        1
                                                                                Brazil – Av. das Nações Unidas, n. 14.261, 3rd to 6th and 8th to 10th floors,
Australia – 111 Chandos Street, Crows Nest, NSW 2065                            Wing B Vila Gertrudes,Zip Code 04794-000, São Paulo/SP
                                                                                Unilever Brasil Limitada                                         BRL1.00           5
Dermalogica Holdings Pty Limited                             AUD1.00        1
                                                                                Brazil – Av. das Nações Unidas, n. 14.261, 3rd floor, Wing A, Vila Gertrudes, Zip
Dermalogica Pty Limited                                      AUD2.00        1   Code 04794-000, São Paulo/SP
Australia- Level 12, 60 Castlereagh Street, Sydney, New South Wales, 2000       Unilever Brasil Industrial Limitada                              BRL1.00           5
                                                                                Brazil – Rua Harmonia, 271, Sumarezinho, São Paulo/SP, CEP 05435-000
Paula's Choice International Australia Pty Limited           AUD1.00        1
                                                                                Mãe Terra Produtos Naturais Limitada                             BRL1.00           5
Austria – Stella-Klein-Löw Weg 13, 1023 Wien
                                                                                Brazil – Rua Tenente Pena, No. 156, Bom Retiro, CEP 01127-020, São Paulo
Delico Handels GmbH                                      EUR36,336.42       1
                                                                                Smart Home Comércio E Locação De
Kuner Nahrungsmittel GmbH                                EUR36,336.42       1   Equipamentos S.A (50.01)                                    No Par Value           1
TIGI Handels GmbH                                        EUR36,336.42       1
ULPC Handels GmbH                                       EUR218,018.50       1   Brazil – São Paulo, Estado de São Paulo na Rua Demóstenes nº 1072, Bairro
                                                                                Campo Belo CEP 04614-010

Unilever Austria GmbH                                EUR10,000,000.00       1   Ole Franquia Limitada                                            BRL1.00           1

Bangladesh – 51 Kalurghat Heavy Industrial Area, Kalurghat, Chittagong          Brazil – Rua Tito, 479, Vila Romana, CEP 05051-000, São Paulo

Unilever Bangladesh Limited (60.75)                        BDT100.00        1   Compra Agora Serviços Digitais Limitada                          BRL1.00           5

Bangladesh – Fouzderhat Industrial Area, North Kattali, Chattogram 4217
                                                                                Bulgaria – City of Sofia, Borough Mladost, 1, Business Park, Building 3, Floor 1

Unilever Consumer Care Limited (81.98)                      BDT10.00        1   Unilever Bulgaria EOOD                                      BGN1,000.00            1
                                                                                Bulgaria- District Veliko Tarnovo, 5030, Debelets city, Promishlena Zona
Bangladesh – 83 Nasirabad Industrial Area, Chattogram                           Unilever Ice Cream Bulgaria EOOD                            BGN 5,000.00           1
                                                                                Cambodia – No. 443A Street 105, Sangkat Boeung Pralit, Khan 7 Makara
Unilever Tea MSO Bangladesh Limited                          BDT1.00        1   Phnom Penh Capital
Belgium – Industrielaan 9, 1070 Brussels                                        Unilever (Cambodia) Limited                                KHR20,000.00            1
Unilever Belgium NV/SA                                   No Par Value       1   Canada – 3081, 3rd Avenue, Whitehorse, Yukon Territory, Y1A 4Z7
Unilever Lipton Tea NV/SA                                No Par Value       1   Dermalogica Canada Limited                                  No Par Value           6
Bolivia – Av. Blanco Galindo Km. 10.4 Cochabamba
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                             177


                                                                            Share                                                                               Share

                                                            Nominal         Class                                                                  Nominal      Class
Name of                                                                             Name of
Undertaking                                                     Value       Note    Undertaking                                                        Value        Note
Canada – PO Box 49130, 2900 – 595 Burrard Street, Vancouver BC V7X 1J5                                                                        CNY20,000,000            9
Dollar Shave Club Canada, Inc.                                CAD0.01           7   China- Zibian 2105, No.63, Mingzhu Avenue (North), Conghua District,
                                                                                    Guangzhou City
Canada – 800-885 West Georgia Street, Vancouver BC V6C 3H1
                                                                                    Unilever (Guangzhou) Co. Limited                                 CNY1.00           1
Seventh Generation Family & Home ULC                     No Par Value           7
                                                                                    China- 5/F, Qunjia Building 1, No. 366 Shengkang Road, Jiubao Sub-district,
Canada – 1000 rue de la Gauchetière Ouest, Bureau 2500, Montreal H3B 0A2            Shangcheng District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province
4012208 Canada Inc.                                      No Par Value           7   GoUni (Hangzhou) Trading Co., Limited                     CNY20,000,000            1
Canada – 160 Bloor Street East, Suite 1400, Toronto ON M4W 3R2                      Colombia – Av. El Dorado, No. 69B-45. Bogota Corporate Center Piso 7, Bogotá
Unilever Canada Inc.                                     No Par Value           8   Unilever Colombia SCC S.A.S.                                  COP100.00            1
                                                         No Par Value           9   Unilever Andina Colombia Limitada                             COP100.00            1
                                                         No Par Value          10   Colombia – Carrera 11B # 99 - 25 Of 10-123 Bogota
                                                         No Par Value          11   ULeX Colombia S.A.S.                                          COP100.00            1
                                                         No Par Value          12   Costa Rica – De la intersección Cariari, 400 mts. Oeste y 800 mts al Norte,
Canada – McCarthy Tetrault LLP, 745 Thurlow Street, Suite 2400, Vancouver,          frente a sede Testigos de Jehová, Planta Industrial Lizano, Heredia, Belén, La
BC, V6E 0C5                                                                         Asunción de Belén

Hourglass Cosmetics Canada Limited                       No Par Value           7   Unilever de Centroamerica S.A.                                   CRC1.00           1

Chile – Av. Las Condes 11.000 Piso 4-5, Vitacura                                    Costa Rica – Provincia de Heredia, Cantón Belén, Distrito de la Asunción, de la
                                                                                    intersección Cariari- Belén, 400 Mts. Oeste, 800 Mts., al Norte
Unilever Chile Limitada                                                        13
                                                                                    UL Costa Rica SCC S.A.                                           CRC1.00           1
Chile – Av. de Las Condes, 11000 OF 501 A, Vitacura
                                                                                    Cote D’Ivoire -01 BP 1751 Abidjan 01, Boulevard de Vridi
Unilever Tea MSO Chile SpA                                   EUR 5000           1
                                                                                    Unilever-Cote D’Ivoire (99.78)                               XOF5,000.00           1

China –3F No.66, Lin Xin Road, Changning District, Shanghai, 200335                 Cote D’Ivoire – Abidjan-Marcory, Boulevard Valery Giscard d’Estaing,
                                                                                    Immeuble Plein Ciel,Business Center, 26 BP 1377, Abidjan 26
Blueair Shanghai Sales Co. Limited                            CNY1.00           1
                                                                                    Unilever Afrique de l’Ouest                                 XOF10,000.00           1
China – 1st Floor, No. 78 Binhai 2nd Road, Hangzhou Bay, New District, Ningbo
City, Zhejiang Province                                                             Croatia – Strojarska cesta 20, 10000 Zagreb

Ningbo Hengjing Inspection Technology Co.,                                          Unilever Hrvatska d.o.o.                                         HRK1.00           1
Limited (67.71)                                               CNY1.00           1   Cuba – Zona Especial de Desarrollo Mariel, Provincia Artemisa
China – Seaside Avenue, Cixi Economic and Technical Development Zone                Unilever Suchel, S.A. (60)                                  USD1,000.00            1
(Hangzhou Bay New Zone)
                                                                                    Cyprus – Head Offices, 195C Old Road Nicosia Limassol, CY-2540 Idalion
Qinyuan Group Co. Limited (67.71)                             CNY1.00           1   Industrial Zone – Nicosia
China – Room 23, Hall 5, No. 38, Lane 168, Xing Fu Li Road, Fenjing Town,           Unilever Tseriotis Cyprus Limited (84)                           EUR1.00           1
Jinsham District, Shanghai 201100
                                                                                    Czech Republic – Voctářova 2497/18, 180 00 Praha 8
Shanghai Qinyuan Environment Protection
Technology Co. Limited (67.71)                                CNY1.00           1   Unilever ČR, spol. s r.o.                                  CZK210,000.00           1
China – No.33 North Fuquan Road, Shanghai, 200335                                   UNILEVER RETAIL ČR, spol. s r.o.                           CZK100,000.00           1
Unilever (China) Investing Company Limited                    USD1.00           1   Denmark – Ørestads Boulevard 73, 2300 København S
China – 88 Jinxiu Avenue, Hefei Economic and Technology Development Zone,           Unilever Danmark A/S                                         DKK1,000.00           1
Hefei, 230601
                                                                                    Denmark – Petersmindevej 30, 5000 Odense C
Unilever (China) Company Limited                              USD1.00           1
                                                                                    Unilever Produktion ApS                                       DKK100.00            1
Unilever Services (Hefei) Co. Limited                         CNY1.00           1
                                                                                    Djibouti-Haramous, BP 169
China – No. 225 Jingyi Road, Tianjin Airport Economic Area, Tianjin
                                                                                    Unilever Djibouti FZCO Limited                                  USD20.00           1
Unilever (Tianjin) Company Limited                            USD1.00           1
                                                                                    Dominican Republic – Av. Winston Churchill, Torre Acropolis, Piso 16, Santo
China – 1068 Ting Wei Road, Jinshanzui Industrial Region, Jinshan District,         Domingo
Shanghai
                                                                                    Unilever Caribe, S.A.                                       DOP1,000.00            1
Unilever Foods (China) Co. Limited                            USD1.00           1
                                                                                    Ecuador – Km 25 Vía a Daule, Guayaquil
China – No. 166 Unilever Avenue West, Qinglong Town, Pengshan District,
Meishan City, Sichuan province 620800                                               Unilever Andina Ecuador S.A.                                     USD1.00           1

Unilever (Sichuan) Company Limited                            USD1.00           1   Egypt – 5th Floor, North Tower, Galleria 40 Business Complex, Sheikh Zayed,
                                                                                    6th of October City, Giza
China – No.16 Wanyuan Road, Beijing E&T Development, Beijing 100076




                                                                                                                                                                           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    Unilever Mashreq for Manufacturing and Trading
Walls (China) Co. Limited                                     USD1.00           1   (SAE)                                                           EGP10.00           1
China – 358, Ci Yi Road, Hangzhou Bay New Zone                                      Egypt – Public Free Zone, Alexandria
Zhejiang Qinyuan Water Treatment Technology                                         Unilever Mashreq International Company                      USD1,000.00            5
Co. Limited (67.71)                                           CNY1.00           1
China – Room 326, 3rd Floor, Xinmao Building, No.2 South Taizhong Road              Egypt – 14 May Bridge, Sidi Gaber, Smouha – Alexandria
South, Shanghai Free Trade Zone
Unilever Trading (Shanghai) Co. Limited                       CNY1.00           1   Unilever Mashreq Trading LLC (60)                            EGP1000.00            5
China – Floor 1, Building 2, No.33, North Fuquan Road, Shanghai, 200335             Commercial United for Import and Export LLC                  EGP1000.00            1
Shanghai CarverKorea Limited                                  USD1.00           1   Egypt – 15 Sphinx Square, El-Mohandsin, Giza
China- Room 302, No. 3, Lane 168, Linhong Road, Changning District,                 Unilever Mashreq for Import and Export LLC                     EGP100.00           1
Shanghai
                                                                                    Egypt- Galleria 40 Business Complex, 5th and 6th Floors, Crazy Water
ekaterra (Shanghai) Plant-based Company                                             Corridor, Sheikh Zayed City, Giza
Limited                                                  USD 2000000            1
                                                                                    Unilever Tea MSO Egypt                                           EGP 100           5
China- Room 301, No. 3, Lane 168, Linhong Road, Changning District,
Shanghai                                                                            Egypt- Plot No.5, Block 11, Industrial Zone 1, New Borg El Arab City, Alexandria

ekaterra (Shanghai) Botanical Research &                                            Unilever Tea Manufacturing Egypt                                 EGP 100           5
Development Company Limited                               CNY 200000            1   El Salvador – Local 19 Nivel 19, Edificio Torre Futura, Calle El Mirador y 87
China- 2F, No. 10, Lane 255, Xiaotang Road, Fengxian District, Shanghai             avenida norte, Colonia Escalón, San Salvador

Paula's Choice (Shanghai) Trading Co. Limited          CNY10,000,000            8   Unilever El Salvador, SCC S.A. de C.V.                           USD1.00           1

                                                       CNY10,000,000            9   Unilever de Centro America S.A. de C.V.                         USD11.00           1

China- Room 1436, No.1256\1258, Wanrong Road, Jing'an District, Shanghai            England and Wales – Unilever House, 100 Victoria Embankment, London,
                                                                                    EC4Y 0DY

Paula's Choice (Shanghai) Technology Co. Limited       CNY20,000,000            8   Accantia Group Holdings (unlimited company)                      GBP0.01           1
178                                                                                                              Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021


                                                                     Share                                                                               Share

                                                         Nominal      Class                                                                 Nominal      Class
Name of                                                                         Name of
Undertaking                                                  Value    Note      Undertaking                                                    Value     Note
Alberto-Culver (Europe) Limited                            GBP1.00          1   Unilever Pension Trust Limited                                GBP1.00        1
Alberto-Culver Group Limited                               GBP1.00          1   Unilever UK Limited                                           GBP1.00        1
Alberto-Culver UK Holdings Limited                         GBP1.00          1   Unilever UK Pension Fund Trustees Limited                     GBP1.00        1
Alberto-Culver UK Products Limited                         GBP1.00          1   USF Nominees Limited                                          GBP1.00        1
                                                           GBP5.00         14   England and Wales – The Manser Building, Thorncroft Manor, Thorncroft
                                                                                Drive, Dorking, KT22 8JB
Associated Enterprises Limited°                            GBP1.00          1
                                                                                Dermalogica (UK) Limited                                      GBP1.00        1
BBG Investments (France) Limited                           GBP1.00          1
                                                                                England and Wales – 1st Floor, 16 Charles II Street, London, SW1Y 4QU
Brooke Bond Assam Estates Limited                          GBP1.00          1
                                                                                Twenty Nine Capital Partners Limited Partnership
Brooke Bond Group Limited°                                 GBP0.25          1   ∞ (80)                                                                       4
Brooke Bond South India Estates Limited°                   GBP1.00          1
                                                           GBP1.00         15   Unilever Ventures III Limited Partnership ∞ (86.25)                          4

CPC (UK) Pension Trust Limited                                             16   England and Wales – Union House, 182-194 Union Street, London, SE1 0LH

Dollar Shave Club Limited                                  GBP1.00          1   REN Skincare Limited                                          GBP1.00        1

Elida Beauty Limited                                       GBP1.00          1   REN Limited                                                   GBP1.00        1

GroNext Technologies Limited°                              GBP1.00          1                                                                GBP0.032       19

Hourglass Cosmetics UK Limited                             GBP1.00          1   Murad Europe Limited                                          GBP1.00        1

Margarine Union (1930) Limited°                            GBP1.00          1   England and Wales – 3 St James's Road, Kingston Upon Thames, Surrey, KT1
                                                                                2BA
                                                           GBP1.00         18
                                                                                Nature Delivered Limited                                     GBP0.001        1
                                                           GBP1.00         68
                                                                                                                                             GBP0.001       79
                                                           GBP1.00         69
                                                                                                                                             GBP0.001       84
MBUK Trading Limited                                       GBP1.00          1
                                                                                Marshfield Bakery Limited                                     GBP0.01        1
Mixhold Investments Limited                                GBP1.00          1
                                                                                England and Wales – 1 More Place, London, SE1 2AF
ND4A Limited                                               GBP1.00          1
                                                                                Accantia Health and Beauty Limited (in
Pukka Herbs Limited                                        GBP0.01          1   liquidation)                                                  GBP0.25        1
T2 Tea (UK) Limited                                        GBP1.00          1   Unidis Sixty Four Limited (in liquidation)                    GBP1.00        1
TIGI Limited                                               GBP1.00          1   Unilever Bestfoods UK Limited (in liquidation)                GBP1.00        1
TIGI Holdings Limited                                      GBP1.00          1   England and Wales – C/O TMF Group, 8th Floor, 20 Farringdon Street, London,
                                                                                EC4A 4AB
Toni & Guy Products Limited°                              GBP0.001          1
                                                                                Unilever Ventures Limited                                     GBP1.00        1
UAC International Limited                                  GBP1.00          1
                                                                                England and Wales – Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, CH62 4ZD
UML Limited                                                GBP1.00          1
                                                                                Unilever Global IP Limited °                                  GBP1.00        1
Unidis Forty Nine Limited                                  GBP1.00          1
                                                                                England and Wales- Suite 1, 3rd Floor, 11-12 St. James` Square, London, SW1Y
Unilever Australia Investments Limited                     GBP1.00          1   4LB
Unilever Australia Partnership Limited                     GBP1.00          1   Paula`s Choice UK Limited                                     USD1.00        1
Unilever Australia Services Limited                        GBP1.00          1   Estonia – Kalmistu tee 28a, Tallinna linn, Harju maakond, 11216
Unilever Company for Industrial Development                                     Unilever Eesti AS                                             EUR6.30        1
Limited                                                    GBP1.00          1
                                                                                Ethiopia – Bole Sub City, Kebele 03/05, Lidiya Building, Addis Ababa
Unilever Company for Regional Marketing and
Research Limited                                           GBP1.00          1   Unilever Manufacturing PLC                                 ETB1,000.00       1
Unilever Corporate Holdings Limited°                       GBP1.00          1   Finland – Post Box 254, 00101 Helsinki
Unilever Employee Benefit Trustees Limited                 GBP1.00          1   Unilever Finland Oy                                          EUR16.82        1
Unilever S.K. Holdings Limited                             GBP1.00          1   Unilever Ingman Production Oy                               EUR100.00        1
Unilever Innovations Limited                               GBP0.10          1   France – 20, rue des Deux Gares, 92500, Rueil-Malmaison
Unilever Overseas Holdings Limited°                        GBP1.00          1   Bestfoods France Industries S.A.S. (99.99)                No Par Value       1
Unilever Superannuation Trustees Limited                   GBP1.00          1   Cogesal-Miko S.A.S. (99.99)                               No Par Value       1
Unilever U.K. Central Resources Limited                    GBP1.00          1   ekaterra France                                               EUR1.00        1
Unilever U.K. Holdings Limited°                            GBP1.00          1   Fralib Sourcing Unit S.A.S. (99.99)                       No Par Value       1
Unilever UK & CN Holdings Limited                          GBP1.00          2   Saphir S.A.S. (99.99)                                         EUR1.00        1
                                                           GBP1.00          3   Tigi Services France S.A.S. (99.99)                       No Par Value       1
                                                          GBP10.00         23   U-Labs S.A.S. (99.99)                                     No Par Value       1
                                                          GBP10.00         24   Unilever France S.A.S. (99.99)                            No Par Value       1
Unilever UK Group Limited                                  GBP1.00          2   Unilever France Holdings S.A.S. (99.99)                       EUR1.00        1
                                                           GBP1.00          3   Unilever France HPC Industries S.A.S. (99.99)                 EUR1.00        1
                                                           GBP1.00         21   Unilever Retail Operations France (99.99)                 No Par Value       1
Unilever US Investments Limited°                           GBP1.00          1   France – Parc Activillage des Fontaines – Bernin 38926 Crolles Cedex
United Holdings Limited°                                   GBP1.00         1    Intuiskin S.A.S. (96.16)                                      EUR1.00        1
                                                         GBP500.00         22   France – ZI de la Norge – Chevigny Saint-Sauveur, 21800 Quetigny
ekaterra Holdco UK Limited                                 GBP1.00         1    Amora Maille Societe Industrielle S.A.S. (99.99)          No Par Value       1
ekaterra Manufacturing UK Limited                          GBP1.00         1    France – 42, rue Jean de La Fontaine , Paris, 75016
                                                                                Laboratoire Garancia                                         EUR62.50        1
ekaterra Research and Development UK Limited               GBP1.00         1
                                                                                UPD EU                                                        EUR1.00        1

ekaterra UK Limited                                        GBP1.00         1    Germany – Wiesenstraße 21. 40549 Düsseldorf

England and Wales – Unilever House, Springfield Drive, Leatherhead, KT22        Dermalogica GmbH                                        EUR25,000.00         1
7GR                                                                             Germany – Spitaler Straße 16, 20095 Hamburg
Alberto-Culver Company (U.K.) Limited                      GBP1.00         1    ProCepta Service GmbH                                   EUR28,340.00         1
TIGI International Limited                                 GBP1.00         1                                                                  EUR2.00        1
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                           179


                                                                           Share                                                                                 Share

                                                              Nominal      Class                                                                    Nominal      Class
Name of                                                                            Name of
Undertaking                                                      Value     Note    Undertaking                                                         Value     Note
                                                                EUR2.00        1   Blueair Asia Limited                                              HKD0.10         1
                                                                EUR2.00        1   Hong Kong – 6/F Alexandra House, 18 Charter Road, Central
                                                                EUR2.00        1   T2 Hong Kong Limited                                              HKD1.00         1
Germany – Neue Burg 1, 20457 Hamburg                                               Hong Kong – 6 Dai Fu Street, Tai Po Industrial Estate, N.T.
DU Gesellschaft für Arbeitnehmerüberlassung                                        Unilever Hong Kong Limited                                        HKD0.10         1
mbH (99.99)                                               DEM50,000.00         1
                                                                                   Hong Kong – Suite 907, 9/F, Silvercord Tower 2, 30 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui,
NU Business GmbH                                           EUR25,000.00        1   Kowloon
Unilever Deutschland GmbH                            EUR90,000,000.00          1   Hourglass Cosmetics Hong Kong Limited                             HKD 1.00        7
                                                      EUR2,000,000.00          1   Hong Kong – Room 1808, 18/F, Tower II Admiralty Centre, 18 Harcourt Road,
                                                                                   Admiralty
                                                      EUR1,000,000.00          1
                                                                                   Hong Kong CarverKorea Limited                                     HKD1.00         7
                                                          EUR 100.000,00       1
                                                                                   Hong Kong – 14th Floor, One Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay
Unilever Deutschland Holding GmbH                          EUR39,000.00        1
                                                                                   UPD Hong Kong Limited                                           HKD100.00         1
                                                           EUR18,000.00        1
                                                                                   Hong Kong – 14/F, One Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay
                                                           EUR14,300.00        1
                                                                                   Go-Uni Limited (67)                                       USD14,376,000.00        1
                                                            EUR5.200.00        1
                                                                                   Hong Kong- Unit B, 17/F, United Centre, 95 Queensway, Admiralty
                                                            EUR6,500.00        1
                                                                                   Paula's Choice Hong Kong Limited                                HKD100.00         1
Unilever Deutschland Produktions GmbH & Co.
OHG                                                                            4   Paula's Choice Hong Kong Distribution Services
                                                                                   Limited                                                       HKD1,000.00         1
Unilever Deutschland Produktions Verwaltungs
GmbH                                                      EUR179,000.00        1   Hungary – 1138-Budapest, Váci út 121-127.
Unilever Deutschland Supply Chain Services                                         Unilever Magyarország Kft                                          HUF1.00        1
GmbH                                                       EUR51,150.00        1
                                                                                   India – Unilever House, B. D. Sawant Marg, Chakala, Andheri (E), Mumbai 400
Dollar Shave Club GmbH                                     EUR25,000.00        1   099
ekaterra Germany GmbH                                           EUR1.00        1   Daverashola Estates Private Limited (61.90)                       INR10.00        1
T2 Germany GmbH                                                 EUR1.00        1   Hindlever Trust Limited (61.90)                                   INR10.00        1
Germany – Langnesestraße 1, 64646 Heppenheim                                       Hindustan Unilever Limited° (61.90)                                INR1.00        1
Maizena Grundstücksverwaltung GmbH & Co.                                           Jamnagar Properties Private Limited (61.90)                       INR10.00        1
OHG                                                                            4
                                                                                   Lakme Lever Private Limited (61.90)                               INR10.00        1

Rizofoor Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung             EUR15,350.00        1   Levers Associated Trust Limited (61.90)                           INR10.00        1

                                                          EUR138,150.00        1   Levindra Trust Limited (61.90)                                    INR10.00        1

Schafft GmbH                                               EUR63,920.00        1   Pond’s Exports Limited (61.90)                                     INR1.00        1

                                                          EUR100,000.00        1   Unilever India Limited (61.90)                                     INR1.00        1

UBG Vermietungs GmbH                                  EUR8,090,190.00          1   Unilever India Exports Limited (61.90)                            INR10.00        1
                                                                                   Unilever Industries Private Limited°                              INR10.00        1
                                                    EUR136.377,489.00          1   Unilever Ventures India Advisory Private Limited                  INR10.00        1
Unilever Deutschland Immobilien Leasing                                            India – S-327, Greater Kailash – II, New Delhi – 110048, Delhi
GmbH & Co. OHG                                                                 4
                                                                                   Blueair India Private Limited                                     INR10. 00       1
Germany – Rotebühlplatz 21, 70178 Stuttgart
                                                                                   India- 64 Main Road, Whitefield, Bangalore, Karnataka
TIGI Eurologistic GmbH                                        EUR100.00        1
                                                                                   Ekaterra Research and Development India Private
                                                           EUR24,900.00        1   Limited                                                           INR10. 00       1
TIGI Haircare GmbH                                         EUR25,600.00        1   Ekaterra Service India Private Limited                            INR10. 00       1
Germany - Wiesenstr. 21, D-40549 Düsseldorf                                        India- C/o.Vaish Associates, 106, Peninsula Centre, Dr S.S. Rao Road, Parel,
Kate Somerville GmbH                                            EUR1.00        1   Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400012

Living Proof GmbH                                               EUR1.00        1   Jech India Private Limited                                        INR10. 00       1

Murad GmbH                                                      EUR1.00        1   Indonesia – Grha Unilever, Green Office Park Kav 3, Jalan BSD Boulevard
                                                                                   Barat, BSD City, Tangerang, 15345
Ren GmbH                                                        EUR1.00        1
                                                                                   PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk (84.99)                                  IDR2.00        1




                                                                                                                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Ghana – Swanmill, Kwame Nkrumah Avenue, Accra
                                                                                   PT Unilever Enterprises Indonesia (99.99)                      IDR1,000.00        1
Millers Swanzy (Ghana) Limited                                  GHC1.00        1
                                                                                   PT Unilever Trading Indonesia                              IDR1,003,875.00        1
Ghana – Plot No. Ind/A/3A-4, Heavy Industrial Area, Tema, P O Box 721, Tema
                                                                                   Indonesia – Gedung Pasaraya Blok M Gedung B Lantai 6 dan 7 Jalan
Unilever Ghana PLC (74.50)                                   GHC0.0192         1   Iskandarsyah II no. 2, DKI Jakarta
Unilever Tea Distribution Ghana Limited                         GHS1.00        1   PT Gerai Cepat Untung (75)                                   IDR100,000.00        1
Ghana – Plot No. Ind/A/3A-4, P O Box 721, Tema                                     Indonesia – KEK Sei Mangkei, Nagori Sei Mangkei, Kecamatan Bosar Maligas,
                                                                                   Kabupaten Simalungun 21183, Sumatera Utara
Unilever Oleo Ghana Limited                                     GHC2.50        1
                                                                                   PT Unilever Oleochemical Indonesia                         IDR1,000,000.00        1
Greece – Kymis ave & 10, Seneka str. GR-145 64 Kifissia
                                                                                   Iran – No. 23, Corner of 3rd Street, Zagros Street, Argentina Square, Tehran
Elais Unilever Hellas SA                                       EUR10.00        1
                                                                                   Unilever Iran (Private Joint Stock Company)                 IRR1,000,000.00       1
Unilever Knorr SA                                              EUR10.00        1
                                                                                   Ireland – 20 Riverwalk, National Digital Park, Citywest Business Campus,
Unilever Logistics SA                                          EUR10.00        1   Dublin 24
Guatemala – Diagonal 6. 10-50 zona 10, Ciudad de Guatemala. Nivel 17 Torre         Lipton Soft Drinks (Ireland) Limited                               EUR1.26        1
Norte Ed. Interamericas World Financial Center
                                                                                   Unilever Ireland (Holdings) Limited                                EUR1.26        1
Unilever de Centroamerica S.A.                                 GTQ60.00        1
                                                                                   Unilever Ireland Limited                                           EUR1.26        1
Haiti – 115, Rue Panamericaine, Estabissement Número 1, Petion Ville
                                                                                   Ireland- 2nd Floor, Palmerston House, Denzille Lane, Dublin, D02 WD37
Les Condiments Alimentaires, S.A. (61)                       HTG1000.00        1
                                                                                   ekaterra Ireland Limited                                           EUR1.00        1
Honduras – Anillo Periférico 600 metros después de la colonia, Residencial,
Las Uvas contigua acceso de residencial Roble Oeste, Tegucigalpa M.D.C.            Isle of Man – Bridge Chambers, West Quay, Ramsey, Isle of Man, IM8 1DL
Unilever de Centroamerica S.A.                                 HNL10.00        1   Rational International Enterprises Limited                         USD1.00        1
Hong Kong – Suite 1106-8, 11/F, Tai Yau Building, 181 Johnston Road,               Israel – 3 Gilboa St., Airport City, Ben Gurion Airport
Wanchai
                                                                                   Beigel & Beigel Mazon (1985) Limited                                ILS1.00       1
180                                                                                                                   Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021


                                                                             Share                                                                               Share

                                                                 Nominal     Class                                                                  Nominal      Class
Name of                                                                              Name of
Undertaking                                                         Value    Note    Undertaking                                                       Value     Note
Israel – 52 Julius Simon Street, Haifa, 3296279                                      Kenya – Commercial Street, Industrial Area, P.O. BOX 30062-00100, Nairobi
Bestfoods TAMI Holdings Ltd                                       ILS0.001       1   Unilever Kenya Limited°                                         KES20.00        1
Israel Vegetable Oil Company Ltd                                 ILS0.0001       1   Kenya- Dedan Kimathi Avenue, Imaara Building Mombasa, P.O Box 83067,
                                                                                     Mombasa G.P.O
Unilever Israel Foods Ltd                                          ILS0.10      35
                                                                                     Unilever Tea MSO Kenya Limited                                 KES100.00        1
                                                                   ILS0.10      79
                                                                                     Korea – 443 Taeheran-ro, Samsung-dong, Kangnam-gu, Seoul
                                                                   ILS0.10      17
                                                                                     Unilever Korea Chusik Hoesa                                KRW10,000.00         1
                                                                 ILS0.0002      25
                                                                                     Korea – 81, Tojeong 31-gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul
Unilever Israel Home and Personal Care Limited                     ILS1.00       1   CARVERKOREA Co., Limited (97.47)                              KRW500.00         7
Unilever Israel Marketing Ltd                                    ILS0.0001       1   Korea- #313,314, 3rd Floor, 48, Achasan-ro 17-gil, Seongdong-gu, Seoul
Unilever Shefa Israel Ltd                                          ILS1.00       1
                                                                                     Paula's Choice Korea, Limited                            KRW 500,000,000        8
Israel – Haharoshet 1, PO Box 2288, Akko, 2451704
Glidat Strauss Limited                                             ILS1.00      30                                                            KRW 500,000,000        9
                                                                   ILS1.00       1   Laos – Viengvang Tower, 4th Floor, Room no. 402A, Boulichan Road,
                                                                   ILS1.00      31   Dongpalan Thong Village, Sisattanak District, Vientiane Capital

Italy – Piazza Paleocapa 1/D, 10100, Torino                                          Unilever Services (Lao) Sole Co. Limited                    LAK80,000.00        1

Gromart S.R.L.                                           EUR1,815,800.00         1   Latvia – Kronvalda bulvāris 3-10, Rīga, LV-1010

Italy – Via Crea 10, 10095, Grugliasco                                               Unilever Baltic LLC                                              EUR1.00        1

G.L.L. S.R.L. (51)                                                EUR1.00        1   Lebanon – Sin El Fil, Zakher Building, Floor 4, Beirut

Italy - Via Tortona 25, cap 20144 – Milano
                                                                                     Unilever Levant s.a.r.l.                                  LBP1,000,000.00       1
Intuiskin S.R.L. (95.81)                                    EUR10,000.00         1
                                                                                     Lithuania – Skuodo st. 28, Mazeikiai, LT-89100
Italy – Viale Sarca 235, 20126 Milan
                                                                                     UAB Unilever Lietuva distribucija                            EUR3,620.25        1
Unilever Italia Administrative Services S.R.L.              EUR70,000.00         1
                                                                                     UAB Unilever Lietuva ledu gamyba                             EUR3,620.25        1
Italy – Via Paolo di Dono 3/A 00142 Roma
                                                                                     Malawi – Room 33, Gateway Mall, Area 47, Lilongwe Malawi
Unilever Italia Logistics S.R.L.                           EUR600,000.00         1
                                                                                     Unilever South East Africa (Private) Limited                    MWK2.00         1
Unilever Italia Manufacturing S.R.L.                    EUR10,000,000.00         1
                                                                                     Malaysia – Level 34, Menara TM, Jalan Pantai Baru, 59200 Kuala Lumpur
Unilever Italia Mkt Operations S.R.L.                   EUR25,000,000.00         1
                                                                                     Unilever (Malaysia) Holdings Sdn. Bhd.                      No Par Value        1
Unilever Italy Holdings S.R.L.                                 EUR1,000.00       1
                                                                                     Unilever (Malaysia) Services Sdn. Bhd.                      No Par Value        1
ekaterra Italy S.r.l.                                      EUR500,000.00         5
                                                                                     Unilever Foods (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.                         No Par Value        1
Italy – Via Plava, 74 10135 Torino
                                                                                     Unilever Malaysia Aviance Sdn. Bhd.                         No Par Value        1
Equilibra S.R.L. (75)                                             EUR1.00        1
                                                                                     ekaterra Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.                               MYR1,000,000.00       1
Armores Srl (75)                                                  EUR1.00        1
                                                                                     Mexico – Av. Tepalcapa No.2, Col. Rancho Santo Domingo, C.P. 54900 Tultitlán,
Italy- Via Bernardino Drovetti 16, 10138 Torino                                      Estado de México
Syrio Srl (75)                                                    EUR1.00        1   Unilever de Mexico S.de R.L. de C.V.                                            4
Italy - Via Quercette, n.a. 81016, San Potito Sannitico (CE)                         Unilever Holding Mexico S.de R.L. de C.V.                                       4
P2P S.r.l (50)                                                    EUR1.00        1   Unilever Manufacturera S.de R.L. de C.V.                                        4
Italy – Business Center Monte Napoleone, Via Monte Napoleone 8, 20121 –
Milano                                                                               Servicios Professionales Unilever S.de R.L. de C.V.                             4
UPD Italia S.r.l.                                           EUR10,000.00         5   Unilever Mexicana S.de R.L. de C.V.                                             4
Japan – 2-1-1, Kamimeguro, Meguro-ku, Tokyo 153-8578                                 Unilever Real Estate Mexico S.de R.L. de C.V.                                   4
Unilever Japan Customer Marketing K.K.                  JPY100,000,001.00        1
                                                                                     Unilever Servicios de Promotoria, S.de R.L. de C.V.                             4
Unilever Japan Holdings G.K.                             JPY10,000,000.00        1
                                                                                     Moldova – 6A Uzinelor Street, Kishinev, MD -2023
Unilever Japan K.K.                                     JPY100,000,001.00        1
                                                                                     Betty Ice Moldova S.R.L.                                 MDL7,809,036.00        1
Unilever Japan Service K.K.                              JPY50,000,000.00        1
                                                                                     Morocco – Km 10, Route Cotiere, Ain Sebaa, Casablanca
ekaterra Japan Service K.K.                                        JPY1.00       1
                                                                                     Unilever Maghreb S.A.                                         MAD100.00         1
ekaterra Japan K.K.                                                JPY1.00       1
                                                                                     Mozambique – Avenida 24 de Julho, Edifício 24, nº 1097, 4º andar, Maputo
Japan - 1-8-1 Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo
                                                                                     Unilever Mocambique Limitada                                     USD0.01        1
Rafra Japan K.K. (70)                                    JPY20,000,000.00        7
                                                                                     Myanmar – No (40,41,47), Min Thate Hti Kyaw Swar Street, 39 Ward, Shwe Pyi
                                                                                     Thar Industrial Zone (2), Shwe Pyi Thar Township, Yangon
Japan -Marnouchi Trust Tower 20F, 1-8-3, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
                                                                                     Unilever (Myanmar) Limited                                  MMK8,200.00         1
UPD Japan K.K.                                             JPY109,850.00
                                                                                     Myanmar – No (196), West Shwe Gone Dine 5th Street, Bahan Township,
Jersey – 13 Castle Street, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 5UT                                Yangon
Unilever Chile Investments Limited                                GBP1.00        1   Unilever (Myanmar) Services Limited                             USD10.00        1
Jordan – Ground floor- Office No.1, GH24 Building, Business Park,                    Myanmar – Lot No. 28,30,31, Hlaing Thar Yar Industrial Zone (3), Hlaing Thar
Development Zone, Amman                                                              Yar Township, Yangon
Unilever Jordan for Marketing Services                         JOD1000.00        1   Unilever EAC Myanmar Company Limited (60)                MMK1,000,000.00        1
Jordan – King Hussein Business Park, Building No. 24, ground floor, Amman            Nepal – Basamadi, Hetanda – 3, Makwanpur
Unilever Jordan LLC                                            JOD1000.00        1   Unilever Nepal Limited (53.75)                                 NPR100.00        1
Kazakhstan – Raimbek, Avenue 160 A, Office 401, Almaty                               Netherlands – Weena 455, 3013 AL Rotterdam
Unilever Kazakhstan LLP                                                          4   Alberto-Culver Netherlands B.V.                                  EUR1.00        2
Kenya – Head Office, Kericho-Nakuru Road, P.O. BOX 20, 20200, Kericho                                                                                 EUR1.00        3
Brooke Bond Mombasa Limited (99.99)                                KES1.00       1   Argentina Investments B.V.                                     EUR454.00        1
Mabroukie Tea & Coffee Estates Limited                             KES1.00       1   BFO Holdings B.V.                                                EUR1.00        1
Limuru Tea PLC (51.99)                                           KES10.00        1   BFO TWO B.V.                                                     EUR1.00        1
Ngoina Tea Estate Limited                                          KES1.00       1   Brazinvest B.V.                                                  EUR1.00        1
Unilever Tea Kenya PLC (98.30)                                     KES1.00       1
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           181


                                                             Share                                                                               Share

                                                 Nominal     Class                                                                Nominal        Class
Name of                                                              Name of
Undertaking                                         Value    Note    Undertaking                                                     Value       Note
Chico-invest B.V.                               EUR455.00        1   Unilever UK Holdings B.V.                                      EUR1.00          1
Doma B.V.                                      NLG1,000.00       1   Univest Company B.V.                                           EUR1.00          1
ekaterra B.V.                                     EUR1.00        1   UNUS Holding B.V.                                              EUR0.10          2
ekaterra Export B.V.                              EUR1.00        1                                                                  EUR0.10          3
ekaterra Global Operations B.V.                   EUR1.00        1                                                             Non-voting†
ekaterra Group Holdings B.V.                      EUR1.00        1   Verenigde Zeepfabrieken B.V.                              NLG1,000.00           1
ekaterra Group Holdings 2 B.V.                    EUR1.00        1   Wemado B.V.                                               NLG1,000.00           1
ekaterra Group Holdings 3 B.V.                    EUR1.00        1   Netherlands – Hofplein 19 3032 AC Rotterdam
ekaterra Group IP Holdings B.V.                   EUR1.00        1   Lever Faberge Europe-Sourcing Unit Vlaardingen
                                                                     B.V.                                                      NLG1,000.00           1
ekaterra Group Finance B.V.                       EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Tessa B.V.                                                     EUR1.00          1
ekaterra Netherlands B.V.                         EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Unilever Nederland B.V.                                     EUR454.00           1
Handelmaatschappij Noorda B.V.                 NLG1,000.00       1
                                                                     Unilever Nederland Foods Factories B.V.                       EUR46.00          1
Hourglass Cosmetics Europe B.V.                   EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Netherlands – Valkweg 2 7447JL Hellendoorn
Unilever Foods & Refreshments Global B.V.       EUR453.78        1
                                                                     Ben en Jerry’s Hellendoorn B.V.                             EUR453.78           1
Itaho B.V.                                        EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Netherlands – Markhek 5, 4824 AV Breda
Lipoma B.V.                                    NLG1,000.00       1
                                                                     De Korte Weg B.V.                                              EUR1.00          1
Marga B.V.                                        EUR1.00        1
                                                                                                                                    EUR1.00         26
Mavibel (Maatschappij voor Internationale
Beleggingen) B.V.                                 EUR1.00        1   Netherlands – Bronland 14, 6708 WH Wageningen
Mexinvest B.V.                                    EUR1.00        1   Unilever Innovation Centre Wageningen B.V.                  EUR460.00           1
Mixhold B.V.°                                     EUR1.00        2   Netherlands- Grote Koppel 7, 3813 AA Amsersfoort
                                                  EUR1.00        3   Paula's Choice Europe B.V.                                     EUR1.00          1
                                                  EUR1.00       26   Netherlands – Unilever House, 100 Victoria Embankment, London, EC4Y 0DY
                                                                     (Registered Seat: Rotterdam)
N.V. Elma                                      NLG1,000.00       1
                                                                     Unilever Overseas Holdings B.V.                           NLG1,000.00           1
                                               NLG1,000.00      27
                                                                                                 o
                                                                     Unilever UK Holdings N.V.                                      EUR1.00          1
New Asia B.V.                                     EUR1.00        1
                                                                     New Zealand – Level 4, 103 Carlton Gore Rd, Newmarket, Auckland 1023
Nommexar B.V.                                     EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Ben & Jerry’s Franchising New Zealand Limited             No Par Value          1
Ortiz Finance B.V.                              NLG100.00        1
                                                                     T2 NZ Limited                                                 NZD1.00           1
Pabulum B.V.                                   NLG1,000.00       1
                                                                     Unilever New Zealand Limited                                  NZD2.00           1
Rizofoor B.V.                                  NLG1,000.00       1
                                                                     Nicaragua – Km 11.5, Carretera Vieja a León, 800 Mts Norte, 100 Mts Este, 300
Rolf von den Baumen’s Vetsmelterij B.V.         EUR454.00        1
                                                                     Mts Norte, Managua
Rolon B.V.                                     NLG1,000.00       1
                                                                     Unilever de Centroamerica S.A.                                NIC50.00          1
Saponia B.V.                                   NLG1,000.00       1
                                                                     Niger – BP 10272 Niamey
ThaiB1 B.V.                                    NLG1,000.00       1
                                                                     Unilever Niger S.A. (88.42)                              XOF10,000.00           1
ThaiB2 B.V.                                    NLG1,000.00       1
                                                                     Nigeria – 1 Billings Way, Oregun, Ikeja, Lagos
Unilever Administration Centre B.V.               EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Unilever Nigeria Plc (76.41)                                  NGN0.50           1
Unilever Alser B.V.                               EUR1.00        1
                                                                     West Africa Popular Foods Nigeria Limited (51)                NGN1.00           1
Unilever Berran B.V.                              EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Unilever Tea MSO Nigeria Limited                              NGN1.00           1
Unilever Canada Investments B.V.                  EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Norway – Martin Linges vei 25, Postbox 1, 1331 Fornebu
Unilever Caribbean Holdings B.V.               EUR1,800.00       1
                                                                     Unilever Norge AS                                           NOK100.00           1
Unilever Employee Benefits Management B.V.     NLG1,000.00       1
                                                                     Pakistan – Avari Plaza, Fatima Jinnah Road, Karachi – 75530
Unilever Employment Services B.V.              NLG1,000.00       1
                                                                     Unilever Pakistan Foods Limited (76.57)                       PKR10.00          1
Unilever Europe B.V.                              EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Unilever Pakistan Limited (99.29)                             PKR50.00          1
Unilever Europe Business Center B.V.            EUR454.00        1
                                                                     (71.78)                                                     PKR100.00          14




                                                                                                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Unilever Finance International B.V.               EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Unilever Tea Pakistan Limited (99.98)                         PKR10.00          1
                                   o
Unilever Finance Netherlands B.V.                 EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Delivery Hub (Private) Limited (64.13)                        PKR10.00          1
FoodServiceHub B.V.                               EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Palestine – Ersal St. Awad Center P.O. Box 3801 Al-Beireh, Ramallah
Unilever Global Services B.V.                     EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Unilever Market Development Company (in
Unilever Holdings B.V.                          EUR454.00        1   liquidation)                                                    ILS1.00         1

Unilever Home & Personal Care Nederland B.V.    EUR100.00        1   Panama – Punta Pacífica, Calle Isaac Hanoro Missri, P.H. Torre de las
                                                                     Américas, Torre C, Oficina 32, corregimiento de San Francisco, Distrito y
Unilever IP Holdings B.V.                         EUR1.00        1   Provincia de Panamá
Unilever Indonesia Holding B.V.                   EUR1.00        1   Unilever Regional Services Panama S.A.                        USD1.00           1
Unilever Insurances N.V.                        EUR454.00        1   Panama – Calle Isaac Honoro, Torre de las Americas, torre C, piso 32,
                                                                     corregimiento de San Francisco, distrito y provincia de Panamá
Unilever International Holdings B.V. °            EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Unilever de Centroamerica S.A.                            No Par Value          1
Unilever International Holding B.V.               EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Paraguay – 4544 Roque Centurión Miranda N° 1635 casi San Martin. Edificio
Unilever International Holdings N.V.              EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Aymac II, Asunción
Unilever Netherlands Retail Operations B.V.       EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Unilever de Paraguay S.A.                             PYG1,000,000.00           1
Unilever Nederland Holdings B.V.                EUR454.00        1
                                                                     Peru – Av. Paseo de la Republica 5895 OF. 401, Miraflores, Lima 18
Unilever Nederland Services B.V.                EUR460.00        1
                                                                     Unilever Andina Perú S.A.                                      PEN1.00          1
Unilever PL Netherlands B.V.                      EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Unilever Tea Distribution Peru S.A.                            PEN1.00          1
Unilever Pilot B.V.                               EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Philippines – Linares Road, Gateway Business Park, Gen. Trias, Cavite
Unilever Turkey Holdings B.V.                     EUR1.00        1
                                                                     Metrolab Industries, Inc.                                      PHP1.00          7
Unilever US Investments B.V.°                     EUR1.00        1
                                                                                                                                   PHP10.00         14
Unilever Ventures Holdings B.V.                 EUR453.79        1
                                                                     Philippines – 7th Floor, Bonifacio Stopover Corporate Center, 31st Street
                                                                     corner 2nd Avenue, Bonifacio Global City, Taguig City
182                                                                                                                  Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021


                                                                          Share                                                                                 Share

                                                             Nominal        Class                                                                   Nominal         Class
Name of                                                                             Name of
Undertaking                                                     Value       Note    Undertaking                                                        Value        Note
Unilever Philippines, Inc.                                    PHP50.00          7   Aconcagua 14 Investments (RF) (Pty) Limited                       ZAR1.00          1
Philippines – 11th Avenue corner 39th Street, Bonifacio Triangle, Bonifacio         South Korea- 443 Taeheran-ro, Samsung-dong, Kangnam-gu, Seoul
Global City, Taguig City
                                                                                                                                                         KRW
Universal Philippines Body Care, Inc                         PHP100.00          7   Unilever Tea Distribution Korea Co., Limited                     10000.00          1
Philippines – Manggahan Light Industrial Compound, A. Rodriguez Avenue,             Spain – PA / Reding, 43, Izda 1, 29016 Malaga
Bo. Manggahan, Pasig City
                                                                                    Intuiskin S.L.U. (95.81)                                         EUR1.00           1
Unilever RFM Ice Cream, Inc. (50)                              PHP1.00         29
                                                                                    Spain – C/ Tecnología 19, 08840 Viladecans
Philippines – Four/Neo, 12th Floor, Fourth Avenue, Bonifacio Global City,
Barangay Fort Bonifacio, Taguig 1634, Metro Manila                                  Unilever Espana S.A.                                            EUR48.00           1

Gronext Technologies Phils., Inc.                              PHP1.00          1   Unilever Services Espana S.A.                                   EUR60.00           1

Poland – Jerozolimskie 134, 02-305, Warszawa                                        Spain – C/ Felipe del Río, 14 – 48940 Leioa

Unilever Polska Sp. z o.o.                                    PLN50.00          1   Unilever Foods Industrial Espana, S.L.U.                       EUR600.00           1

Unilever Poland Services Sp. z o.o.                           PLN50.00          1   Sri Lanka – 258 M Vincent Perera Mawatha, Colombo 14

Unilever Polska S.A.                                          PLN10.00          1   Brooke Bond Ceylon (Private) Limited                             LKR10.00          1

Unilever Tea Manufacturing Poland Sp. z o.o.                  PLN50.00          1   Ceytea (Private) Limited                                         LKR10.00          1

Unilever Tea MSO Poland Sp. z o.o.                            PLN50.00          1
                                                                                    Lever Brothers (Exports and Marketing) (Private)
Unilever Tea Service Co Poland Sp. z o.o.                     PLN50.00          1   Limited°                                                          LKR2.00          1
Puerto Rico – Professional Services Park 997, San Roberto St., Suite 7, San Juan    Maddema Trading Company (Private) Limited                        LKR10.00          1
Unilever de Puerto Rico, Inc°                               USD100.00           1   Premium Exports Ceylon (Private) Limited                         LKR10.00          1
Romania – Ploiesti, 291 Republicii Avenue, Prahova County                           R.O. Mennell & Co. (Ceylon) (Private) Limited                    LKR10.00          1
Unilever Romania S.A. (99)                                     ROL0.10          1   Unilever Ceylon Services (Private) Limited                       LKR10.00          1
Unilever South Central Europe S.A.                           ROL260.50          1   Unilever Lipton Ceylon Limited                                   LKR10.00          1
Romania – 121 Cernăuţi Street, Suceava 720089                                       Unilever Sri Lanka Limited°                                      LKR10.00          1
Betty Ice SRL                                                RON10.00           1   Unilever Tea MSO Ceylon (Private) Limited                        LKR10.00          1
Romania – 9-9A Dimitrie Pompei Blvd, Iride Business Park Buildings 5 and 6,         Sudan – Property no. 125, block 2, Industrial Area, Kafuri District, Bahri, Kafori
2nd District, Bucuresti
                                                                                    Unilever Sudanese Investment Company                        SDG10,000.00           1
Good People SA (75)                                          RON10.00           1
                                                                                    Sweden – Box 1056, Svetsarevägen 15, 171 22, Solna Stockholm
Russia – 644031, 205, 10 let Oktyabrya, Omsk
                                                                                    Alberto Culver AB                                              SEK100.00           1
                                                                   RUB
Inmarko-Trade LLC                                          1,000,000.00        13   Unilever Holding AB                                            SEK100.00           1

Russia – 123022, Floor 7, Premise 19, Room 36, 13, Sergeya Makeeva Street,          Unilever Produktion AB                                           SEK50.00          1
Moscow                                                                              Unilever Sverige AB                                            SEK100.00           1
                                                                   RUB              Sweden – Karlavagen 108, 115 26 Stockholm
Unilever Rus LLC                                     28,847,390, 269.19        13
                                                                                    Blueair AB                                                     SEK100.00           1
                                                                   RUB
OOO Unilever Tea LLC                                       4,500,000.00        1    Sweden – Karlavagen 108, 115 26, Stockholm
Russia – Tula region, Leninsky district, Ilyinskoye rural settlement, Varvarovka    Jonborsten AB                                                     SEK1.00          1
village, Varvarovsky pass, Building 15-F, Room 406, Floor 3
                                                                                    Sweden – Nordenskioldgatan 19, 413 09 Goteborg
Gourmand LLC                                              RUB10,000.00         4
                                                                                    Nature Delivered Sweden AB                                        SEK1.00          1
Rwanda – Sanlam Towers, P.O.Box 973, Kigali
                                                                                    Sweden- Östra Varvsgatan 4, Malmö, 211 75
Unilever Rwanda Limited                                      RWF 1,000         1
                                                                                    ekaterra Tea Sweden AB                                            SEK1.00          1
Rwanda – Nyarugenge, Nyarungenge, Umujyi wa Kigali, Rwanda, P.O. BOX
6428 Kigali                                                                         Switzerland – Bahnhofstrasse 19, CH 8240 Thayngen

Unilever Tea Rwanda Limited                                RWF1000.00          1    Knorr-Nährmittel Aktiengesellschaft                          CHF1,000.00           1

Saudi Arabia – P.O. Box 5694, Jeddah 21432                                          Unilever Schweiz GmbH                                     CHF100,000.00            1

Binzagr Unilever Limited (49)
                             X
                                                           SAR1,000.00          1   ekaterra Switzerland AG                                          CHF1.00           1

Serbia – Belgrade, Serbia, Omladinskih brigada 90b – Novi Beograd                   Switzerland – Spitalstrasse 5, 8200, Schaffhausen

Unilever Beograd d.o.o.                                                        13   Helmsman Capital AG                                          CHF1,000.00           1

Singapore – 18 Nepal Park, 139407                                                   Unilever Supply Chain Company AG                             CHF1,000.00           1

Unilever Asia Private Limited                             No Par Value          1   Unilever ASCC AG                                             CHF1,000.00           1

Unilever Singapore Pte. Limited                           No Par Value          1   Unilever Finance International AG                            CHF1,000.00           1

UPD Singapore Pte. Limited                                No Par Value          1   Unilever Business and Marketing Support AG                   CHF1,000.00           1

Gronext Technologies Pte. Ltd.                            No Par Value          1   Unilever Overseas Holdings AG                                CHF1,000.00           1

T2 Singapore Pte. Limited                                 No Par Value          1   Unilever Schaffhausen Service AG                             CHF1,000.00           1

Slovakia – Karadzicova 10, 821 08 Bratislava                                        Unilever Swiss Holdings AG                                   CHF1,000.00           1

Unilever Slovensko, spol. s. r.o.                              EUR1.00          1   Switzerland – Hinterbergstr. 30, CH-6312 Steinhausen

South Africa -15 Nollsworth Crescent, Nollsworth Park, La Lucia Ridge Office        Oswald Nahrungsmittel GmbH                                CHF800,000.00            1
Estate, La Lucia, 4051                                                              Taiwan – 3F, No. 550, Sec. 4, Zhongxiao East Rd., Xinyi District, Taipei City
Nollsworth Park Properties (Pty) Limited (in                                        Unilever Taiwan Limited (99.92)                                 TWD10.00           1
liquidation)                                                   ZAR2.00          1
                                                                                    Unilever Tea Distribution Taiwan Limited                        TWD10.00           1
Unilever Market Development (Pty) Limited                      ZAR1.00          1
                                                                                    Taiwan- 8F., No.186, Sec.1, Zhangmei Rd., Changhua City 500, Taipei (R.O.C.)
Unilever South Africa (Pty) Limited                            ZAR2.00          1
                                                                                    Paula's Choice Taiwan Co., Limited                              NTD10.00           1
Unilever South Africa Holdings (Pty) Limited                   ZAR1.00          1
                                                                                    Tanzania – Plot No.4A, Pugu Road, Dar Es Salaam
                                                               ZAR1.00          2
                                                                                    Unilever Tanzania Limited                                        TZS20.00          1
                                                               ZAR1.00          3
                                                                                    Tanzania – P.O. Box 40, Mufindi, Iringa, 6423
Tea Manufacturing South Africa (Pty) Limited              No Par Value         1
                                                                                    Unilever Tea Tanzania Limited                                    TZS20.00          1
Tea MSO South Africa (Pty) Limited                        No Par Value         1
                                                                                    Thailand – 161 Rama 9 Road, Huay Kwang, Bangkok 10310
South Africa – 4 Merchant Place, CNR Fredman Drive and Rivonia Road
Sandton, 2196                                                                       Unilever Thai Holdings Limited                                 THB100.00           1
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                          183


                                                                            Share                                                                               Share

                                                               Nominal      Class                                                                  Nominal      Class
Name of                                                                             Name of
Undertaking                                                       Value     Note    Undertaking                                                       Value     Note
Unilever Thai Services Limited                                 THB100.00        1   Lipton Industries, Inc.                                          USD1.00        1
Unilever Thai Trading Limited                                  THB100.00        1   Murad LLC                                                                      13
Thailand – 12 A Floor Unit B1-B2, Office No. 1225, Siam Piwat Tower, 989 Rama       Pantresse, Inc.                                                USD120.00        1
I Road, Pathumwan, Bangkok 10330
                                                                                    REN USA Inc.                                                 No Par Value       7
UPD (Thailand) Co., Limited                                    THB100.00        1
                                                                                    Skin Health Experts, LLC                                                       13
Trinidad & Tobago – Eastern Main Road, Champs Fleurs
                                                                                    Kensington & Sons, LLC                                       No Par Value      13
Unilever Caribbean Limited (50.01)                               TTD1.00        1
                                                                                    St. Ives Laboratories, Inc                                       USD0.01        1
Tunisia – Z.I. Voie Z4-2014 Mégrine Erriadh – Tunis
                                                                                    Kirei Intermediate Holdings, LLC                                               13
Unilever Tunisia S.A. (97.44)                                    TND6.00        1
                                                                                    TIGI Linea Corp                                              No Par Value       1
Unilever Maghreb Export S.A.                                     TND5.00        1
                                                                                    Unilever AC Canada Holding, Inc                                 USD10.00        1
Tunisia – Z.I. Voie Z4, Megrine Riadh, Tunis, 2014
                                                                                    Unilever Bestfoods (Holdings) LLC                                              13
                        X
UTIC Distribution S.A. (49)                                     TND10.00        1
                                                                                    Unilever Capital Corporation                                     USD1.00        1
Turkey – Saray Mahallesi Dr. Adnan Büyükdeniz Cad. No.13 34768 Ümraniye –
İstanbul                                                                            Unilever Illinois Manufacturing, LLC                                           13
                                     o
Unilever Gida Sanayi ve Ticaret AŞ (99.98)                       TRY0.01        1   Unilever Manufacturing (US), Inc.                                USD1.00        1
                                     o
Unilever Sanayi Ve Ticaret Türk Aş (99.98)                       TRY0.01        1   Unilever Trumbull Holdings, Inc.                                 USD1.00        7

Besan Besin Sanayi ve Ticaret AŞ (99.99)                         TRY0.01        1
                                                                                    Unilever Trumbull Research Services, Inc.                        USD1.00        1
Dosan Konserve Sanayi ve Ticaret AŞ (99.64)                      TRY0.01        1
                                                                                                                                                     USD1.00       34
Unilever Hizli Tuketim Urunleri Satis Pazarlama ve
Ticaret Anonim Sirketi                                           TRY0.01        1
                                                                                    Unilever United States Foundation, Inc.                                        13
Unilever Tea Gıda Satış ve Pazarlama Anonim
Şirketi                                                          TRY1.00        1   Unilever United States, Inc.                                   USD0.3333        7

Turkey – İçerenköy Mahallesi, Topçu İbrahim Sokak, Quick Tower                      Unilever Ventures Advisory LLC                                                 13
Sitesi, No:8-10D, Ataşehir, İstanbul                                                United States – 125 S Clark, Suite 2000, Chicago, IL 60603
Gronext Teknoloji Bilişim Ticaret A.Ş.                           TRY1.00        1   Blueair Inc.                                                 No Par Value       1
                                                                                    United States – 233 Bleecker Street, New York, 10014
Uganda – Plot 10/12 Nyondo Close, Industrial Area, P.O. Box 3515 Kampala
                                                                                    Carapina LLC (in liquidation)                                                  13
Unilever Uganda Limited                                         UGX20.00        1
                                                                                    Grom Columbus LLC (in liquidation)                                             13
Ukraine – 04119, 27-T, Letter A, Dehtyarivska Str., Kyiv
                                                                                    Grom Malibu LLC (in liquidation)                                               13
                                                                     UAH
Pallada Ukraine LLC (in liquidation)                       335,010,360.00      13   Grom USA LLC (in liquidation)                                                  13
                                                                    UAH             Hollywood LLC (in liquidation)                                                 13
Unilever Ukraine LLC                                       1,151,329,851       13
                                                                                    Spatula LLC (in liquidation)                                                   13
Ukraine- 141 C Sviato-Pokrovska Str., Urban Type Village Hostomel, Irpin City,
Kyiv, 08290                                                                         United States – 60 Lake Street, Suite 3N, Burlington, VT 05401

                                                                     UAH            Seventh Generation Canada, Inc.                              No Par Value       7
Unilever Tea Ukraine LLC                                     1,600,000.00       1   Seventh Generation, Inc.                                        USD0.001        7
United Arab Emirates – PO Box 17053, Jebel Ali, Dubai                               United States – 13335 Maxella Ave. Marina del Rey, CA 90292
                    X
Severn Gulf FZCO (50)                                      AED100,000.00        1   Dollar Shave Club, Inc.                                         USD0.001       13
Unilever Gulf FZE                                       AED1,000,000.00         1
                                                                                    Personal Care Marketing & Research Inc                           USD 1.00       7
United Arab Emirates –Plot number MO0401, PO box 17055, JAFZA                       United States – 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware

                                               X                                    Grom Franchising LLC (In Liquidation)                                          13
Unilever Binzagr Gulf General Trading LLC (50)               AED1,000.00        1
                                                                                    United States – 55 East 59th Street, New York, 10022
Unilever General Trading LLC                                 AED1,000.00        1
                                                                                    Intuiskin Inc (95.81)                                        No Par Value       1
United Arab Emirates – Warehouse No. 1.2, Dubai Industrial Park – Seeh
Shwaib 2                                                                            United States – CTC 1209 Orange Street Wilmington, DE19801
Unilever Home & Personal Care Products                                              Living Proof, Inc.                                               USD0.01        1
                  X
Manufacturing LLC (49)                                       AED1,000.00        1
                                                                                    Nature Delivered, Inc.                                           USD0.01        7




                                                                                                                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
United Arab Emirates- MO0401, Jebel Ali Free Zone, Dubai                            T2 US LLC                                                        USD0.00       13
                                                                                    Unilever Tea HoldCo USA Inc.                                     USD0.01        1
Unilever Tea Gulf FZE                                            AED1.00        1   ekaterra HoldCo 2 USA Inc.                                       USD0.01        1
                                                                                    Unilever Tea Manufacturing USA LLC                               USD 1.00      13
Unilever Tea Procurement FZE                                     AED1.00        1
                                                                                    Unilever Tea MSO USA LLC                                         USD 1.00      13
United States – 700 Sylvan Avenue, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey 07632-3201          United States – 1241 Electric Avenue, Venice CA 90291
Alberto-Culver Company                                      No Par Value        1   Kingdom Animalia, LLC                                                          13
Alberto-Culver International, Inc.                               USD1.00        1   United States – 2711 Centreville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, New Castle
                                                                                    County, Delaware 19808
Alberto-Culver (P.R.), Inc. (in liquidation)                No Par Value        1   Pukka Herbs Inc                                                 USD0.001        1
Alberto-Culver USA, Inc.                                    No Par Value        1   United States – 11 Ranick Drive South, Amityville, NY 11701
Ben & Jerry’s Franchising, Inc.                                  USD1.00        7   BC Cadence Holdings, Inc.                                        USD0.01        7
Ben & Jerry’s Gift Card, LLC                                                   13   Sundial Brands LLC                                           No Par Value      66
Ben & Jerry’s Homemade, Inc.                                     USD0.01        7   Madam C.J. Walker Enterprises, LLC                                             13
Chesebrough-Pond’s Manufacturing Company (in                                        Nyakio LLC                                                                     13
liquidation)                                                No Par Value        1
Conopco, Inc.                                                    USD1.00        7   United States – 1169 Gorgas Avenue, Suite A, San Francisco CA 94129
Dermalogica, LLC                                                               13   Olly Public Benefit Corporation                               USD0.00001        7
Kate Somerville Holdings, LLC                                                  13
                                                                                    United States – 208 Utah Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94103
Kate Somerville Skincare LLC                                                   13
                                                                                    Tatcha, LLC                                                                    13
The Laundress, LLC                                                             13
184                                                                                                                    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021


                                                                         Share                                                                                Share

                                                            Nominal        Class                                                                  Nominal     Class
Name of                                                                             Name of
Undertaking                                                     Value      Note     Undertaking                                                      Value     Note
United States – 127 Nevada Street, El Segundo, CA 90245                             Lever Brothers Port Sunlight Limited (in
                                                                                    liquidation)                                                    GBP1.00          1
The LIV Group, Inc.                                       No Par Value         13
                                                                                    England and Wales – c/o TMF Group, 8th Floor, 20 Farringdon Street, London,
United States – 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, DE 19801                            EC4A 4AB
Unilever North America Supply Chain Company,                                        Twenty Nine Capital Partners (General Partner)
LLC                                                                            13   Limited◊                                                        GBP1.00          1
United States – 4056 Del Rey Avenue, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292
SmartyPants, Inc.                                          USD0.00001           7   Unilever Ventures General Partner Limited◊                      GBP1.00          1

United States- 705 5th Avenue, #200, Seattle, WA 98104
                                                                                    England and Wales- 1st Floor, 16 Charles II Street, London, SW1Y 4QU
Beautypedia, LLC                                                               13
                                                                                    Twenty-Nine Capital Partners General Partner
Paula's Choice, Inc.                                         USD0.001           7   Limited◊                                                        GBP1.00          1
                                                             USD0.001          22   Greece – Kymis ave & 10, Seneka Street, GR-145 64 Kifissia
Paula's Choice Acquisitionco, Inc.                           USD0.001           7   Lipoma Management Consulting SA                                EUR10.00          1
Paula's Choice Holdings, Inc.                                USD0.001           7   ULBCS Logistics Consulting SA                                  EUR10.00          1
Paula's Choice, LLC                                                            13   Haiti – Port-au-Prince
United States - 415 Jackson Street, San Francisco, California 64111                 Unilever Haiti S.A.                                          HTG500,000         56
Onnit Academy, LLC                                                             13   India – Unilever House, B. D. Sawant Marg, Chakala, Andheri (E), Mumbai 400
                                                                                    099
Onnit Labs, Inc.                                            USD0.0001           7
                                                                                    Bhavishya Alliance Child Nutrition Initiatives
                                                            USD0.0001          22   (61.90)                                                        INR10.00          1
The Uncovery, LLC                                                              13
Welly Health PBC                                           USD0.00001           7   Hindustan Unilever Foundation (61.90)                          INR10.00          1

Uruguay – Camino Carrasco 5975, Montevideu                                          Israel – Park Zvaim Industrial Area, Beit Shean / Correspondance: P.O.B. 787,
                                                                                    Beit Shean, 1171601
Unilever Uruguay SCC S.A.                                     UYU1.00           1
                                                                                    Dollar Shave Club Israel Limited                                NIS0.10          1
Uruguay- Luis Bonavita 1294, Montevideo
                                                                                    Jamaica – White Marl Street, Spanish Town, PO Box 809, Parish Saint
Unilever America Latina S.A.                                  UYU1.00           1   Catherine
Venezuela – Edificio Torre Corp Banca, Piso 15, entre Avenidas Blandín y Los        Unilever Jamaica Limited                                        JMD1.00          1
Chaguaramos, Urbanización La Castellana, Caracas
                                                                                    Kenya – Commercial Street, P.O. BOX 40592-00100, Nairobi
Unilever Andina Venezuela S.A.                                  Bs1.00          1
                                                                                    Union East African Trust Limited                               KES20.00          1
Vietnam – Lot A2-3, Tay Bac Cu Chi Industry Zone, Tan An Hoi Ward, Cu Chi
District, Ho Chi Minh City                                                          Morocco – Km 10, Route Cotiere, Ain Sebaa, Casablanca

                                                    VND863,104,820,0                Societe Commerciale du Rif S.A.R.L.                           MAD50.00           1
Unilever Vietnam International Company Limited                 00.00           13   Societe Tangeroise de Parfumerie et d’Hygiene
Vietnam- No.156, Nguyen Luong Bang Street, Tan Phu Ward, District 7, Ho Chi         S.A.R.L.                                                      MAD50.00           1
Minh City                                                                           Myanmar – Shwe Gon Daing (West) 5th Street, No. 196, Mimosa Tower, Shwe
                                                                 VND                Gon Daing (West) Ward, Bahan Township, Yangon, Myanmar 11201
Unilever Tea Distribution Vietnam SMLLC              1,395,000,000.00           1   Lever Brothers (Burma) Limited                                  MMK0.5           1
                                                                                    Palestine – Jamil Center, Al-Beireh, Ramallah
Unicorn Market Place Vietnam Company Limited                                   13
                                                                                    Unilever Agencies Limited (99) (in liquidation)                 JOD1.00          1
Zambia – Stand 2375, Corner Addis Ababa Drive & Great East Road, Show
Grounds, Lusaka
                                                                                    Qatar – Almana & Partners WLL Building, Area No. 43, Al Mamoura, PO BOX 49
Unilever South East Africa Zambia Limited                     ZMK2.00          34   Unilever Qatar LLC                                         QAR1,000.00           1
                                                              ZMK2.00           1   Scotland – c/o Brodies LLP, 15 Atholl Crescent, Edinburgh, EH3 8HA
Zimbabwe – 2 Stirling Road, Workington, Harare
                                                                                    Unilever Ventures (SLP) General Partner Limited◊                GBP1.00          1
Unilever – Zimbabwe (Pvt) Limited∆                           ZWD2.00            1
                                                                                    United States – 13335 Maxella Ave. Marina del Rey, CA 90292
SUBSIDIARY UNDERTAKINGS NOT INCLUDED IN THE CONSOLIDATION                           DSC Distribution, Inc.                                                           7
Austria – Rochusgasse 4, 5020, Salzburg                                             United States – 233 Bleecker Street, New York, 10014
NATURAL EVOLUTION GmbH                                      EUR100.00           1   Grom WTC LLC                                                                    13
Brazil – Av Das Nacoes Unidas, 14261 4º Andar Ala B, Vila Gertrudes, Cep            Grom Century City LLC                                                           13
04792-000, Sao Paulo
                                                                                    United States – c/o The Corporation Trust Company, Coporation Trust Center,
Unileverprev Sociedade De Previdencia Privada                                  13   1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware, 19801. New Castle County
Bulgaria – Debelets city, Promishlena zona st. 5030 Veliko Tarnovo                  Cocotier, Inc                                                  USD0.001          7
Sladoledena Fabrika EOOD                                     BGN50.00           1   ASSOCIATED UNDERTAKINGS
China – Room 604-48, Building 1, No. 38 Debao Road, Waigaoqiao bonded               Australia – 47 Dover Street, Cremorne, VIC, 3121, Australia
zone, Shanghai
                                                                                    SNDR PTY LTD∆◊                                            No Par Value          58
UPD China Limited                                             CNY1.00           1
                                                                                    Bahrain – 161, Road 328, Block 358, Zinj, Manama
England and Wales – 100 Victoria Embankment, Blackfriars, London, EC4Y
0DY                                                                                 Unilever Bahrain Co. W.L.L. (49)                              BHD50.00           1

Uflexreward Limited                                          GBP0.001          35   Brazil – Avenue Engenheiro Luiz Carlos Berrini, 105, 16º andar, Ed. Berrini One,
                                                                                    Itaim Bibi, CEP 0471/001-00, City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo
England and Wales – Nightingale House, 46-48 East Street, Epsom, Surrey,
KT17 1HQ
                                                                                    Gallo Brasil Distribuição e comércio Limitada (55)              BRL1.00          5
Brand Evangelists for Beauty Limited ∆◊ (80.30)               GBP1.00           2   Canada – Suite 300-171 West Esplanade, North Vancouver, British Columbia
                                                                                    Canada V7M 3K9
(100)                                                         GBP1.00          58
(100)                                                         GBP1.00          86   A&W Root Beer Beverages Canada Inc ◊ (40)                 No Par Value          38
(66.47)                                                       GBP1.00          87
England and Wales – 1 More London Place, London, SE1 2AF                            Cyprus – 2 Marcou Dracou str., Engomi Industrial Estate, 2409 Nicosia
                                                                                    Unilever PMT Limited∆ (49)                                      EUR1.71          3
Unidis Twenty Six Limited (in liquidation)                    GBP1.00           1
                                                                                    England and Wales – 85 Great Portland Street, London, W1W 7LT
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                          185


                                                                        Share                                                                                 Share

                                                            Nominal     Class                                                                    Nominal      Class
Name of                                                                            Name of
Undertaking                                                    Value        Note   Undertaking                                                      Value        Note
Blis Global Plc∆◊ (30.67)                                 GBP0.00001          39   (100)                                                        INR100.00          73
(0.20)                                                    GBP0.00001           1   (100)                                                        INR100.00          64
                                                                                   (6.54)                                                       INR100.00          65
England and Wales – 2nd Floor, 17 Waterloo Place, London, SW1Y 4AR
                                                                                   India- 55 2nd Floor Community Centre, East of Kailash, New Delhi, East Delhi,
Langholm Capital II L.P. (46.30)                                               4   DL 110065
England and Wales – 100 Victoria Embankment, Blackfriars, London, EC4Y
0DY                                                                                Convosight Analytics Private Limited∆◊ (17.96)                 INR10.00         73
Uflexreward Holdings LimitedΔ (99.1)                        GBP0.001               (100.00)                                                        INR1.00         99
England and Wales – Unit 1.8 & 1.9 The Shepherds Building, Charecroft Way,
London, W14 0EE                                                                    India- S-2 Plot no. 21, Kartarpura Industrial Area, 22 Godam, Jaipur, RJ 302006
SCA Investments Limited ∆◊ (60.49)                          GBP0.001          40   Uprising Science Private Limited ∆◊ (2.5)                      INR10.00         75
(25.19)                                                     GBP0.001          41   (27.27)                                                      INR100.00          73
(3.65)                                                      GBP0.001          42   Indonesia– Jalan Srengseng Raya Nomor 55A, Rukun Tetangga 001, Rukun
                                                                                   Warga 002, Kelurahan Srengseng, Kecamatan Kembangan, Jakarta Barat
                                                                                   11630, Provinsi Daerah Khusus Ibukota
England and Wales – 2nd Floor, 5 Jubilee Place, Chelsea, London, SW3 3TD
Trinny London Limited ∆◊ (54.88)                              GBP0.01         43   PT Anugrah Mutu Bersama ◊ (40)                         IDR1,000,000.00           1
(32.32)                                                       GBP0.01         77   Iran – Second floor, No. 23, Corner of 3rd Street, Zagros Street, Argentina
                                                                                   Square, Tehran
England and Wales – 127 North Milton Park, Abingdon, Oxfordshire OX14 4SA          Unilever-Golestan Foods (Private Joint Stock
P2i Limited ∆◊ (12.89)                                     GBP0.0001           1   Company)(50.66)                                         IRR1,000,000.00          1

(5.44)                                                     GBP0.0001          44   Ireland – 70 Sir John Rogersons Quay, Dublin 2

(5.44)                                                     GBP0.0001          46   Pepsi Lipton International Limited∆                            EUR1.00          52

(4.20)                                                     GBP0.0001          52                                                                  EUR1.00          53

(4.20)                                                     GBP0.0001          50                                                                  EUR1.00          54

(2.44)                                                     GBP0.0001         102                                                                  EUR1.00          55

(50)                                                       GBP1.0000          80
                                                                                   Israel – Kochav Yokneam Building, 4th Floor, P.O. Box 14, Yokneam Illit 20692
England and Wales – Level 1 Brockbourne House, 77 Mount Ephraim,
Tunbridge Wells, Kent, TN4 8BS                                                     IB Ventures Limited∆ (99.74)                                     ILS1.00        14

Clean Beauty Co Ltd∆◊ (99.66)                              GBP0.0001          97   Japan – #308, 5–4–1, Minami Azabu, Tokyo

(26.72)                                                    GBP0.0001          58   Grom Japan K.K.◊ (34)                                      JPY50,000.00          1

England and Wales – 170 Finchley Road, London, NW3 6BP                             Luxembourg – 5 Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg

GALLINEE LTD∆◊ (51.89)                                        GBP0.01         44
                                                                                   Helpling Group Holding S.à r.l.∆◊ (98.57)                      EUR1.00          60
England and Wales – C4 Lab Psc Building Unilever R&D Port Sunlight, Quarry
Road East, Bebington, Wirral, CH63 3JW                                             (2.34)                                                         EUR1.00          33

Penhros Bio Limited◊ (50)                                     GBP1.00          1   Mauritius – c/o Apex Fund Services (Mauritius) Ltd, 4th Floor, 19 Bank Street,
                                                                                   Cyber City, Ebene 72201
England and Wales- First Floor, 59-61 High Street West, Glossop, SK13 8AZ
                                                                                   Capvent Asia Consumer Fund Limited∆ (40.41)                    USD0.01          78
CDDM Technology Limited∆◊ (49.53)                             GBP0.01         36
                                                                                   Oman – Po Box 1711, Ruwi, Postal code 112
England and Wales- C/O Bcs Windsor House, Station Court, Station Road,
Great Shelford, Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, CB22 5NE                                Towell Unilever LLC (49)                                     OMR10.00            1

VHSquared Limited◊ (39.47)                                    GBP0.01          1   Philippines – 11th Avenue corner 39th Street, Bonifacio Triangle, Bonifacio
                                                                                   Global City, Taguig City, M.M
(1.79)                                                        GBP0.01         44
                                                                                   Sto Tomas Paco Land Corp∆◊ (40)                                PHP1.00           7
(17.86)                                                       GBP0.01        101
                                                                                   (40)                                                          PHP10.00          46
France – 13, avenue Morane Saulnier, 78140 Velizy Villacoublay
                                                                                   (40)                                                          PHP20.00          44
Pegase S.A.S. (25)                                        EUR5,000.00          1
                                                                                   Cavite Horizons Land, Inc.◊ (35.10)                            PHP1.00           7
France – 7 rue Armand Peugeot, 92500 Rueil-Malmaison
                                                                                                                                             PHP10,000.00          14
Relais D’or Centrale S.A.S. (49.99)                      No Par Value          1
                                                                                   Philippines – Manggahan Light Industrial Compound, A. Rodriguez Avenue,




                                                                                                                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Germany – Beerbachstraße 19, 91183 Abenberg                                        Bo. Manggahan, Pasig City
Hans Henglein & Sohn GmbH ◊ (50)                       EUR100,000.00           1   WS Holdings Inc.∆◊                                             PHP1.00          29
Henglein & Co. Handels-und Beteiligungs GmbH &                                                                                                    PHP1.00         103
Co. KG◊ (50)                                                                   4
                                                                                   Selecta Walls Land Corp∆◊                                     PHP10.00          29

Henglein Geschäftsführungs GmbH◊ (50)                   DEM50,000.00           1   Portugal – Largo Monterroio Mascarenhas, 1,1099–081 Lisboa


Nürnberger Kloßteig NK GmbH & Co. KG◊ (50)                                     4   Fima Ola – Produtos Alimentares, S.A. (55)                EUR4,125,000           1
                                                                                   Gallo Worldwide, Limitada (55)                              EUR550,000           5
Germany – Beerbachstruße 37, 17153 Stavenhagen                                     Grop – Gelado Retail Operation Portugal,
                                                                                   Unipessoal, Limitada (55)                                    EUR27,500           5
Henglein NRW GmbH◊ (50)                                DEM250,000.00           1
Germany – Bad Bribaer Straße, 06647 Klosterhäseler                                 Transportadora Central do Infante, Limitada (54)             EUR27,000           1

Henglein GmbH◊ (50)                                     DEM50,000.00           1   Unilever Fima, Limitada (55)                          EUR14,462,336.00           5

India – 1st & 2nd Floor, Kagalwala House, Plot No. 175, CST Road, Kalina,
Bandra Kurla, Santacruz East Mumbai, Mumbai 400098                                 Victor Guedes – Industria e Comercio, S.A. (55)             EUR275,000           1

Peel-Works Private Limited∆◊ (48.15)                         INR30.00         63
                                                                                   Fima Dressings Unipessoal, Limitada (55)                     EUR27,500           5
(16.67)                                                      INR30.00         70
                                                                                   Saudi Arabia – P.O.Box 22800, Jeddah 21416
(14.65)                                                      INR30.00         32
                                                                                   Binzagr Unilever Distribution Company Limited
                                                                                   (49)                                                       SAR1,000.00           1
India – 1st Floor Lodha, i-Think Techno Campus, A Wing, Chirak Nagar, Thane.
MH 400607
                                                                                   Sweden – No 18 Office & Lounge, Briger Jarlsgatan 18,114 34 Stockholm
Pureplay Skin Sciences (India) Private Limited∆◊
(0.1)                                                        INR10.00         75   SachaJuan Haircare AB∆◊ (69.5)                                  SEK1.00          9
186                                                                                                                              Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021


                                                                               Share                                                                                          Share

                                                                  Nominal       Class                                                                            Nominal       Class
Name of                                                                                        Name of
Undertaking                                                           Value      Note          Undertaking                                                           Value     Note
United Arab Emirates – P.O. Box 49, Dubai                                                      (56.82)                                                          USD0.0001          51
Al Gurg Unilever LLC (49)                                       AED1,000.00          1         (10.95)                                                          USD0.0001          93
United Arab Emirates – Po Box 49, Abu Dhabi                                                    (49.72)                                                          USD0.0001          94
Thani Murshid Unilever LLC (49)                                 AED1,000.00          1         True Botanicals, Inc∆◊ (3.75)                                    USD0.0001          37
United States - c/o URS Agents LLC, 614 N Dupont HWY Suite 210, Dover, Kent,                   (41.97)                                                          USD0.0001          81
DE, 19901
                                                                                               (14.62)                                                          USD0.0001          82

Beauty Bakerie Cosmetics Brand Inc∆◊(50.05)                        USD0.001         43         (29.43)                                                          USD0.0001          83

(16.24)                                                            USD0.001         87         (16.63)                                                          USD0.0001          49

(24.88)                                                            USD0.001         93         Yati Inc.∆◊ (4.00)                                              USD0.00001          62

United States – 2600 Tenth St #101, Berkeley CA 94710                                          (100.00)                                                        USD0.00001          47

Machine Vantage Inc◊ (9.86)                                                          7         United States – c/o Cogency Global Inc, 850 New Burton Road, in the City of
                                                                                               Dover, County of Kent, Delaware
(49.93)                                                                             58
                                                                                               Volition Beauty Inc∆◊ (66.44)                                    USD0.0001          44
United States – c/o Resident Agents Inc. 8 The Green, STE R, Dover, Kent,
Delaware, 19901
                                                                                               United States – c/o The Corporation Trust Company, Coporation Trust Center,
Discuss.io Inc◊ (7.79)                                            USD0.0001          7         1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware, 19801. New Castle County
(16.78)                                                           USD0.0001         55         Koco Life LLC∆◊(23.81)                                                              20
(50.53)                                                           USD0.0001         58         (39.24)                                                                             92
                                                                                               United States – c/o Cogency Global Inc, 850 New Burton Road, in the City of
United States – 700 Sylvan Avenue, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey 07632-3201                     Dover, County of Kent, Delaware

Pepsi Lipton Tea Partnership (50)                                                    4         Zitsticka Inc ∆◊ (26.63)                                         USD0.0001          44

Food Service Direct Logistics, LLC (40)                                             13         United States – c/o New Voices Partners, LLC, 7 Witch Lane, Rowayton,
                                                                                               Connecticut 06853
(17.83)                                                           USD0.0001         55
                                                                                               New Voices Fund LP ◊ (32.90)                                                         4
(17.83)                                                           USD0.0001         58
                                                                                               United States – c/o Paracorp Incorporated, 2140 S Dupont HWY, Camden,
                                                                                               Kent, DE, 19934
United States – 548 Market St #70998, San Francisco, CA 94104-5401
                                                                                               Keli Network, Inc ∆◊ (31.34)                                     USD0.0001          88
Physic Ventures L.P.◊ (57.27)                                                        4
                                                                                               United States- A registered agent, Inc, 8 The Green, Ste A, Dover, Kent, DE,
United States – c/o The Company Corporation, 251 Little Falls Drive,                           19901
Wilmington, DE, New Castle 19808
                                                                                               Clean Beauty for All, Inc.∆◊ (23.96)                             USD0.0001          62
Equilibria, Inc∆◊ (20.00)                                       USD0.00001          98
                                                                                               (41.84)                                                          USD0.0001          95
FabFitFun Inc. ∆◊ (68.18)                                          USD0.001          6
                                                                                               (61.61)                                                          USD0.0001          51
(7.48)                                                             USD0.001        100
                                                                                               (67.86)                                                          USD0.0001          96
Nutraceutical Wellness Inc∆◊ (41.70)                              USD0.0001         62




Notes:
1: Ordinary, 2: Ordinary-A, 3: Ordinary-B, 4: Partnership, 5: Quotas, 6: Class-A Common, 7: Common, 8: Class A, 9: Class B, 10: Class C, 11: Class II Common, 12: Class III
Common, 13: Membership Interest, 14: Preference, 15: Redeemable Preference, 16: Limited by Guarantee, 17: C Ordinary Shares, 18: Viscountcy, 19: B3 Ordinary, 20: Series
C-1 Pref, 21: Ordinary-C, 22: Preferred, 23: Redeemable Preference Class A, 24: Redeemable Preference Class B, 25: Special, 26: Cumulative Preference, 27: 5% Cumulative
Preference, 28: Non-Voting Ordinary B, 29: Common B, 30: Management, 31: Dormant, 32: Series C1 Preference, 33: Series D-2, 34: Cumulative Redeemable Preference, 35: A-
Ordinary, 36: Preferred Ordinary, 37: Com, 38: Class Common-B, 39: Series A Participating Preference, 40: H-Ordinary, 41: I-Ordinary, 42: J-Ordinary, 43: Series A Preferred
Convertible, 44: A Preferred, 45: Series B1 CPPS, 46: B Preferred, 47: Series A-5 , 48: Series C-2 Preferred, 49: A-4 Com, 50: D Preferred, 51: Series A-3 Preferred, 52: C Preferred,
53: E Ordinary, 54: G Preferred, 55: Series Seed, 56: Nominal, 57: Preferred A, 58: Series A Preferred, 59: Series Seed-2 Preferred, 60: Series C-2, 61: Series D, 62: Series A1
Preferred, 63: Series B-2 Preference, 64: Pre Series B CPPS, 65: Series B CPPS, 66: Series C1 CPPS, 67: Series C2, 68: Office Holders, 69: Security, 70: Series B-3 Preference, 71:
Series B Preferred, 72: Series Seed B CPPS, 73: Series A CPPS, 74: Series A2 CPPS, 75: Equity, 76: Series B CPPS, 77: Series B Preferred Convertible, 78: Class A Redeemable Non
Voting Ordinary, 79: B Ordinary, 80: N Ordinary, 81: A-1 Com, 82: A-2 Com, 83: A-3 Com, 84: Series A EIS, 85: Series A Convertible Preferred, 86: Series A2 Preferred, 87: Series B
Preferred, 88: Series C Preferred, 89: Series A1 CPPS, 90: D1 Preferred, 91: Series E, 92: Series C-2 Pref, 93: Series B-1 Preferred, 94: Series B-2 Preferred, 95: Series A-2 Preferred,
96: Series A-4 Preferred, 97: Preferred Seed, 98: Seed-3 Preferred, 99: INR 1 Series A Common,100: Series A Preferred Stock, 101: Ordinary Preferred, 102: E Preferred, 103:
Common A
𐩲𐩲 Indicates an undertaking directly held by PLC. All other undertakings are indirectly held. In the case of Hindustan Unilever Limited 47.43% is directly held and the
remainder of 14.47% is indirectly held. In the case of Unilever Kenya Limited 39.13% is directly held and the remainder of 60.87% is indirectly held. In the case of Unilever Sri
Lanka Limited 5.49% is directly held and the remainder of 94.51% is indirectly held. In the case of Mixhold B.V. 27.71% is directly held and the remainder of 72.29% is indirectly
held. In the cases of each of Unilever Gida Sarayi ve Ticaret A.Ş. and Unilever Sarayi ve Ticaret Turk A.Ş. a fractional amount is directly held and the remainder is indirectly
held. In the case of Mixhold B.V., 55.37% of the ordinary – A shares are directly held, the remainder of 44.63% are indirectly held and the other share classes are indirectly
held.
† Shares the undertaking holds in itself.
Δ Denotes an undertaking where other classes of shares are held by a third party.
𐰓𐰓 Binzagr Unilever Limited, Severn Gulf FZCO, Unilever Binzagr Gulf General Trading LLC, Unilever Home and Personal Care Products Manufacturing LLC and UTIC
Distribution S.A. are subsidiary undertakings pursuant to section 1162(2)(b) Companies Act 2006. The Unilever Group is entitled to 50% of the profits made by Binzagr
Unilever Limited, Severn Gulf FZCO and Unilever Binzagr Gulf General Trading LLC. The Unilever Group is entitled to 80% of the profits made by Unilever Home and Personal
Care Products Manufacturing LLC .
◊ Accounted for as non-current investments within non-current financial assets.
∞ Exemption pursuant to Regulation 7 of the Partnership (Accounts) Regulations 2008.


In addition, we have revenues either from our own operations or otherwise in the following locations: Afghanistan, Albania, Aland Islands, Americas, Andorra, Angola,
Antigua, Anguilla, Armenia, Aruba,Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Barbuda, Barbados, Belarus, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, British Virgin Islands,
Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Cayman Islands, Central African Republic, Chad, Comoros, Congo, Cook Islands, Curacao, Democratic
Republic of Congo, Dominica, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Fiji, French Guiana, French Polynesia, Gabon, Gambia, Georgia, Gibraltar, Greenland, Grenada, Guam, Guinea,
Guinea-Bissau, Guyana, Iceland, Iraq, Kiribati, Kosovo, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, Liberia, Libya, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Macao, Macedonia, Madagascar, Maldives,
Mali, Malta, Martinique, Mauritius, Monaco, Mongolia, Montenegro, Montserrat, Namibia, New Caledonia, Niue, Norfolk Islands, Papua New Guinea, Saint Kitts and Nevis,
Saint Lucia, Saint Maarten, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Samoa, San Marino, Senegal, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Slovenia, Solomon Islands, Somalia, Sudan, Suriname,
Swaziland, Tajikistan, Timor Leste, Togo, Tokelau, Tonga, Turkmenistan, Tuvalu, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu and Yemen.
The Unilever Group has established branches in Azerbaijan, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Cote d’Ivoire, Cuba, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Lebanon, Northern Ireland, the Philippines, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, UAE and the UK.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                        187




Shareholder information
Financial calendar
Annual general meeting

Date                                                    4 May 2022
Voting and Registration date                            2 May 2022


Quarterly dividends
Dates listed below are applicable to all Unilever listings (PLC ordinary shares and PLC ADSs).

                                                                Announcement date       Ex-dividend date           Record date          Payment date
Quarterly dividend announced with the Q4 2021 results           10 February 2022     24 February 2022       25 February 2022          22 March 2022
Quarterly dividend announced with the Q1 2022 results               28 April 2022         19 May 2022            20 May 2022            16 June 2022
Quarterly dividend announced with the Q2 2022 results                26 July 2022        4 August 2022         5 August 2022      1 September 2022
Quarterly dividend announced with the Q3 2022 results            27 October 2022    17 November 2022       18 November 2022        9 December 2022


Contact details                                                           Website
Unilever PLC                                                              Shareholders are encouraged to visit our website which has a wealth
100 Victoria Embankment                                                   of information about Unilever.
London EC4Y 0DY
                                                                          There is a section on our website designed specifically for investors. It
United Kingdom
                                                                          includes detailed coverage of the Unilever share price, our quarterly
Institutional Investors telephone +44 (0)20 7822 6830
                                                                          and annual results, performance charts, financial news and investor
Any queries can also be sent to us electronically via
                                                                          relations speeches and presentations. It also includes details of the
www.unilever.com/contact/                                                 conference and investor/analyst presentations.
                                                                          You can also view the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021 (and
Private Shareholders telephone +44 (0)20 7822 5500                        the Additional Information for US Listing Purposes) on our website, and
Private Shareholders can email us at                                      those for prior years.
shareholder.services@unilever.com
                                                                          Find out more at www.unilever.com

Shareholder Services                                                      www.unilever.com/investorrelations

UK                                                                        www.unilever.com/investor-relations/annual-report-and-accounts


Computershare Investor Services PLC                                       Publications
The Pavilions
                                                                          Copies of the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021 (and the
Bridgwater Road                                                           Additional Information for US Listing Purposes) and the Annual Report
Bristol BS99 6ZZ                                                          on Form 20-F 2021 can be accessed directly or ordered via the website.
Telephone +44 (0) 370 600 3977                                            www.unilever.com/investorrelations
Website                             www.investorcentre.co.uk
FAQ and Contact Form                www.investorcentre.co.uk/             Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021
                                    contactus
                                                                          The Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021 (and the Additional
                                                                          Information for US Listing Purposes) forms the basis for the Annual
                                                                          Report on Form 20-F that is filed with the United States Securities and
The Netherlands                                                           Exchange Commission, which is also available free of charge from
                                                                          their website.
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.




                                                                                                                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10                                                      www.sec.gov

1082 PP Amsterdam
                                                                          Quarterly results announcements
Telephone +31 (0) 230 344 2000
Email                           corporate.broking@nl.abnamro.com          Unilever’s quarterly results announcements are in English with figures
                                                                          in euros.

US
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company
Operations Center
6201 15th Avenue
Brooklyn, NY 11219
Toll-free number +1 866 249 2593
Direct dial +1 718 921 8124
Email                          db@astfinancial.com
188                                                                                         Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021




Additional information for
US listing purposes
Form 20-F references
Item 1    Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers                                                                       n/a

Item 2    Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable                                                                                     n/a

Item 3    Key Information

          B.        Capitalisation and Indebtedness                                                                                   n/a
          C.        Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds                                                                         n/a
          D.        Risk factors                                                                                                   44–50

Item 4    Information on the Company

          A.        History and development of the company                    4–7, 14-66, 68, 76–77, 118, 138–140, 161–164, 176, 187, 192
          B.        Business overview                                                                   2-3, 8-31, 36–37, 44–62, 120, 192
          C.        Organisational structure                                                                            68, 166, 176–186
          D.        Property, plant and equipment                                                                           138–140, 193

Item 4A   Unresolved Staff Comments                                                                                                   n/a

Item 5    Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

          A.        Operating results                                                                                32–43, 50, 151–154
          B.        Liquidity and capital resources                                       38–39, 42, 50, 106, 117, 138–140, 144, 147–161
          C.        Research and development, patents and licences, etc.                                     12–13, 20-31, 123–124, 192
          D.        Trend information                                                                             4–5, 6–7, 36–43, 46–50

Item 6    Directors, Senior Management and Employees

          A.        Directors and senior management                                                                           72–75, 190
          B.        Compensation                                                                                        84–104, 125–132
          C.        Board practices                                                                    72–75, 78, 92, 94, 96, 98, 104, 190
          D.        Employees                                                                                            18-19, 125, 190
          E.        Share ownership                                                                                87–103, 131–132, 190

Item 7    Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions

          A.        Major shareholders                                                                                            76, 191
          B.        Related party transactions                                                                                   174, 191
          C.        Interest of experts and counsel                                                                                   n/a

Item 8    Financial Information

          A.        Consolidated statements and other financial information                                   39, 106–166, 187, 191, 198
          B.        Significant changes                                                                                               165

Item 9    The Offer and Listing

          A.        Offer and listing details                                                                                     76, 191
          B.        Plan of distribution                                                                                              n/a
          C.        Markets                                                                                                       76, 191
          D.        Selling shareholders                                                                                              n/a
          E.        Dilution                                                                                                          n/a
          F.        Expenses of the issue                                                                                             n/a

Item 10   Additional Information

          A.        Share capital                                                                                                     n/a
          B.        Articles of association                                                                         68–69, 76–77, 82, 94
          C.        Material contracts                                                                                                192
          D.        Exchange controls                                                                                                 192
          E.        Taxation                                                                                                     193–194
          F.        Dividends and paying agents                                                                                       n/a
          G.        Statement by experts                                                                                              n/a
          H.        Documents on display                                                                                         187, 192
          I.        Subsidiary information                                                                                            n/a

Item 11   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                                       142–159, 199

Item 12   Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities
          A.        Description of debt securities                                                                                    n/a
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                189


           B.         Description of warrants and rights                                                                  n/a
           C.         Description of other securities                                                                     n/a
                      Name of depositary and address of principal
           D.1        executive                                                                                           n/a
           D.2        Title of ADRS and brief description of provisions                                                   n/a
           D.3        Depositary fees and charges                                                                    195–196
           D.4        Depositary payments                                                                            195–196

Item 13    Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies

           A.         Defaults                                                                                            196
           B.         Dividend arrearages and delinquencies                                                               196

Item 14    Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds                                   n/a

Item 15    Controls and Procedures                                                                                    77, 197

Item 16    Reserved

           A.         Audit Committee Financial Expert                                                                  69, 78
           B.         Code of Ethics                                                                             18–19, 77, 80
           C.         Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                                       78–79, 197
                      Exemptions From The Listing Standards For Audit
           D.         Committees                                                                                          n/a
                      Purchases Of Equity Securities By The Issuer and
           E.         Affiliated Purchasers                                                                       76, 165, 197
           F.         Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant                                                        n/a
           G.         Corporate Governance                                                                                 77
           H.         Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                             n/a

Item 17    Financial Statements                                                                                      106–166

Item 18    Financial Statements                                                                                      106–166

Item 19    Exhibits Please refer to the Exhibit list located immediately following the signature page for this
           document as filed with the SEC.




                                                                                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
190                                                                                                   Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021




Directors, senior management and employees

Employees
The average number of employees for the last three years is provided in note 4A on page 125. The average number of employees during 2021
included 7,837 seasonal workers. We believe our relationship with our employees and any labour unions of which they may be part is satisfactory in
all material respects.


Global employee share plans (shares)
In November 2014, Unilever’s global employee plan ‘SHARES’ was launched in 17 countries. SHARES gives eligible Unilever employees below
management level the opportunity to invest between €10 and €200 per month from their net salary in Unilever shares. For every three shares our
employees buy (Investment Shares), Unilever will give them one free Matching Share, which will vest if employees hold their Investment Shares for
at least three years. The Matching Shares are not subject to any performance conditions. In 2015, SHARES was rolled out globally and is now offered
in more than 100 countries. Executive Directors are not eligible to participate in SHARES. As of 24 February 2022 (the latest practicable date for
inclusion in this report), awards for 385,489 PLC shares were outstanding under SHARES.


North American share plans
Unilever also maintains share plans for its North American employees that are governed by an umbrella plan referred to as the Unilever North
America Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, which was amended and restated as of 2 February 2021 to make appropriate changes in light of
Unification. These plans are the North American equivalents of the Unilever Share Plan 2017 and SHARES plans, as amended from time to time. The
rules governing these share plans are materially the same as the rules governing the Unilever Share Plan 2017 and SHARES plans, respectively.
However, the plans contain non-competition and non-solicitation covenants and they are subject to US and Canadian employment and tax laws.
The plans are administered by the North America Compensation Committee of Unilever United States, Inc. and they are governed by New York law.
The foregoing description of the Unilever North America Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the Unilever North America Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, including all amendments thereto, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to
the Form S-8 (File No. 333-185299) filed with the SEC on 6 December 2012, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Compensation Committee
The Committee is concerned with the remuneration of the Executive and Non-Executive Directors and the tier of management directly below the
Board. The Committee also has responsibility for the cash and executive and all-employee share-based incentive plans, the Remuneration Policy
and performance evaluation of the Unilever Leadership Executive and the periodic review of the remuneration and related policies of the wider
workforce to assess alignment to PLC’s purpose, value and strategy.


Directors and senior management

Family relationship
There are no family relationships between any of our Executive Directors, members of the ULE or Non-Executive Directors.

Other arrangements
None of our Non-Executive Directors, Executive Directors or other key management personnel are elected or appointed under any arrangement or
understanding with any major shareholder, customer, supplier or others.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                             191




Major shareholders and related party transactions

Major shareholders
The voting rights of the significant shareholders of PLC are the same as for other holders of the class of share held by such significant shareholder.
The principal trading market upon which PLC ordinary shares are listed is the London Stock Exchange. PLC ordinary shares are also listed and
traded on Euronext Amsterdam.
In the United States, PLC American Depositary Receipts are traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
(Deutsche Bank) acts for PLC as depositary.
At 24 February 2022 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report), there were 2,035 registered holders of PLC American Depositary
Receipts in the United States. We estimate that approximately 12% of PLC’s ordinary shares (including shares underlying PLC American Depositary
Receipts) were held in the United States (approximately 11% in 2020).
If you are a shareholder of PLC, your interest is in a UK legal entity, your dividends will be paid in pound sterling (converted into US dollars if you
have American Depositary Receipts) and you may be subject to UK tax.
To Unilever’s knowledge, PLC is not owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by another corporation, any foreign government or by any other legal
or natural person, severally or jointly. PLC is not aware of any arrangements the operation of which may at any subsequent date result in a change
of control of PLC.

Related party transactions
Transactions with related parties are conducted in accordance with agreed transfer pricing policies and include sales to joint ventures and
associates. Other than those disclosed in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements (and incorporated herein as above), there were no
related party transactions that were material to the Group or to the related parties concerned that are required to be reported in 2021 up to
24 February 2022 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report).

Dividend record
The following tables show the dividends declared and dividends paid by PLC for the last five years, expressed in terms of the revised share
denominations which became effective from 22 May 2006.

                                                                                        2021            2020           2019           2018            2017
Dividends declared for the year
PLC dividends
                1
Dividend per 3 /9 p                                                                    £1.46          £1.48           £1.43          £1.35          £1.26
                1
Dividend per 3 /9 p (US Registry)                                                      $2.00          $1.91           $1.83          $1.82          $1.66
Dividends paid during the year
PLC dividends
                1
Dividend per 3 /9 p                                                                    £1.48          £1.45           £1.42          £1.33          £1.22
                1
Dividend per 3 /9 p (US Registry)                                                      $2.03          $1.85           $1.82          $1.83          $1.56




                                                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
192                                                                                                       Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021


Material contracts                                                           Raw materials
At the date of this Annual Report and Accounts, Unilever is not party to     Our products use a wide variety of raw and packaging materials which
any contracts that are considered material to its results or operations.     we source locally and internationally, and which may be subject to price
                                                                             volatility either directly or as a result of movements in foreign exchange
                                                                             rates.
Exchange controls
                                                                             In 2021, we witnessed broad-based inflation across commodities as
Other than certain economic sanctions which may be in place from time        global demand recovering from the pandemic and exacerbated by
to time, there are currently no UK laws, decrees or regulations              persistent production and logistical disruptions particularly during the
restricting the import or export of capital or affecting the remittance of   second and third wave of the pandemic. Weakening currencies in many
dividends or other payments to holders of the PLC’s shares who are non-      emerging markets, such as Turkey, Argentina, and Brazil, meant further
residents of the UK. Similarly, other than certain economic sanctions        challenges.
which may be in force from time to time, there are no limitations
relating only to non-residents of the UK under English law or the PLC’s      Looking ahead to 2022, we expect continued volatility in commodity
Articles of Association on the right to be a holder of, and to vote in       markets. We remain watchful of the impact of Covid, supply
respect of, the company’s shares.                                            stabilisation and how the global economy recovers in the new normal.


Unilever Annual Report on Form 20-F 2021                                     Seasonality
Filed with the SEC on the SEC’s website. Printed copies are available,       Certain of our businesses, such as ice cream, are subject to significant
free of charge, upon request to Unilever PLC, Investor Relations             seasonal fluctuations in sales. However, Unilever operates globally in
department, 100 Victoria Embankment, London, EC4Y 0DY                        many different markets and product categories, and no individual
United Kingdom.                                                              element of seasonality is likely to be material to the results of the Group
                                                                             as a whole.

Documents on display in the United States
                                                                             Intellectual property
Unilever files and furnishes reports and information with the United
States SEC. Certain of our reports and other information that we file or     We have a large portfolio of patents and trademarks, and we conduct
furnish to the SEC are also available to the public over the internet on     some of our operations under licences that are based on patents or
the SEC’s website.                                                           trademarks owned or controlled by others. We are not dependent on
                                                                             any one patent or group of patents. We use all appropriate efforts to
                                                                             protect our brands and technology.
Other information on the Company
                                                                             Competition
Innovation, Research and Development
                                                                             As a fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) company, we are competing
We have over 20,000 patents protecting the ideas, discoveries and            with a diverse set of competitors. Some of these operate on an
breakthroughs that our global team of 5,000 world-leading experts            international scale like ourselves, while others have a more regional
produce. We invest around €1 billion in R&D each year.                       or local focus. Our business model centres on building brands which
Technology sits at the heart of our approach to innovation. We are           consumers know, trust, like and buy in conscious preference to those of
building automated technology into our innovation centres. Our UK            our competitors. Our brands command loyalty and affinity and deliver
Materials Innovation Factory has the highest concentration of robots         superior performance.
doing material chemistry work in the world. It delivers data ten times
faster than traditional methods. We run virtual tests and scenarios to       Information on market share
optimise products before the lab stage, thereby innovating sooner
and cutting time to market - in one year we can perform 12,000 rapid         Unless otherwise stated, market share refers to value share as
product tests. Shanghai, China is home to our AI Hub where we use            opposed to volume share. The market data and competitive position
insights from real time data to prototype innovations and test them via      classifications are taken from independent industry sources in the
eCommerce in just a matter of days. Fast, efficient, effective innovating.   markets in which Unilever operates.
Research and development is powering our move away from petro-
chemicals, stopping plastic pollution, in collaboration with our partners.   Iran-related required disclosure
Our goal is to make a Clean Future. One of the ways we will do this is by
replacing 100% of the carbon derived from fossil fuels in our Home Care      Unilever operates in Iran through a non-US subsidiary. In 2021, sales
products with renewable or recycled carbon.                                  in Iran were less than one per cent of Unilever’s worldwide turnover.
                                                                             During the year, this non-US subsidiary had approximately €2,375,543
Innovation in biology unlocks significant benefits and will be a driver in   in gross revenues and less than €1,021,483 in net profits attributable
achieving our climate and nature goals. We are a world leader in the         to the sale of food, personal care and home care products to entities
microbiome space and have more than 100 patents in this area alone.          affiliated with the Government of Iran. These entities were
We are exploring its influence on all aspects of health and wellbeing.       the Shahrvand Group, which is owned by the municipality of Tehran
We are also deepening our understanding of the skin and innovating           and Refah, which is a chain of 200 state-owned department stores.
accordingly. One example of this is a new pro-lipids technology that         This non-US subsidiary has donated a de minimus amount of personal
helps the skin to repair its barrier from the inside out.                    care products to Firoozgar Hospital, which is a hospital affiliated with
                                                                             goverment, to assist with the Covid-19 pandemic. Income, payroll and
Every Unilever product is based on an innovation crafted by our experts
                                                                             other taxes, duties and fees (including for utilities) were payable to
in collaboration with our network of partners. We translate our scientific
                                                                             the Government of Iran and affiliated entities in connection with our
discoveries into everyday products that care for the planet and improve
                                                                             operations. Our non-US subsidiary maintains bank accounts in Iran
people’s health, confidence and wellbeing. Some of our focus areas are
                                                                             with various banks to facilitate our business in the country and make
hygiene, skin care, prestige beauty, plant-based foods and functional
                                                                             any required payments to the Government of Iran and affiliated
nutrition, such as vitamins, minerals and supplements, and we're
                                                                             entities. While we currently continue our activities in Iran, we are
constantly evolving alongside our consumers’ ever-changing lives
                                                                             continuously evaluating such activities in light of the evolving
and tastes.
                                                                             regulatory environment.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           193


Property, plant and equipment                                                 For US Federal Income Tax purposes, the amount of any dividend paid
                                                                              in a non-US currency will be included in income in a US dollar amount
The Group has interests in properties in most of the countries where          calculated by reference to the exchange rate in effect on the date the
there are Unilever operations. None of these interests are individually       dividends are received by you or the depositary (in the case of ADSs),
material in the context of the Group as a whole. The properties are used      regardless of whether they are converted into US dollars at that time.
predominantly to house production and distribution activities and as          If the non-US currency is converted into US dollars on the day they are
offices. There is a mixture of leased and owned property throughout the       received, you generally will not be required to recognise foreign
Group. We are not aware of any environmental issues affecting the             currency gain or loss in respect of this dividend income.
properties which would have a material impact upon the Group, and
there are no material encumbrances on our properties. Any difference
between the market value of properties held by the Group and the
                                                                              UK taxation on capital gains
amount at which they are included in the balance sheet is not                 Under United Kingdom law, when you dispose of shares or ADSs you
significant. We believe our existing facilities are satisfactory for our      may be liable to pay United Kingdom tax in respect of any gain accruing
current business and we currently have no plans to construct new              on the disposal.
facilities or expand or improve our current facilities in a manner that
is material to the Group.                                                     However, if you are either:
                                                                              ▪ an individual who is not resident in the United Kingdom for the year
                                                                                in question; or
Taxation                                                                      ▪ a company which is not resident in the United Kingdom when the
                                                                                gain accrues
The comments below in relation to United Kingdom and United States
                                                                              you will generally not be liable to United Kingdom tax on any gains
taxation are based on current United Kingdom and United States
                                                                              made on disposal of your shares or ADSs.
federal income tax law as applied in England and Wales and the United
States respectively, and HM Revenue & Customs ('HMRC') and Internal
Revenue Service (“IRS”) practice (which may not be binding on HMRC            There are exceptions to this general rule, two of which are: if the shares
or the IRS) respectively, in each case as at the latest practicable date      or ADSs are held in connection with a trade or business which is
before the date of this document.                                             conducted in the United Kingdom through a branch, agency or
                                                                              permanent establishment; or if the shares or ADSs are held by an
                                                                              individual who becomes resident in the UK having left the UK for a
Taxation for US persons holding shares or American                            period of non-residence of five years or less and who was resident for
Depositary Shares in PLC                                                      at least four of the seven tax years prior to leaving the UK. In such cases,
                                                                              you may be liable to United Kingdom tax in respect of the disposal of
The following notes are provided for guidance. US persons should              shares or ADSs.
consult their local tax advisers, particularly in connection with potential
liability to pay US taxes on disposal, lifetime gift or bequest of their
shares or American Depositary Shares ('ADSs'). A US person is a US            United States taxation on capital gains
individual citizen or resident, a corporation organised under the laws of
                                                                              A US person generally will recognise capital gain or loss for US Federal
the United States, any state or the District of Columbia, or any other
                                                                              Income Tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the
legal person subject to US Federal Income Tax on its worldwide income.
                                                                              amount realised on the sale and the US person’s adjusted tax basis in
                                                                              the shares or ADSs, in each case as determined in US dollars. US persons
United Kingdom taxation on dividends                                          should consult their own tax advisers about how to determine the US
                                                                              dollar value of any foreign currency received as proceeds on the sale of
Under United Kingdom law, income tax is not withheld from dividends           shares or ADSs and the treatment of any foreign currency gain or loss
paid by most United Kingdom companies, including PLC. Shareholders            upon conversion of the foreign currency into US dollars. The capital gain
of PLC, whether resident in the United Kingdom or not, receive the full       or loss recognised on the sale will be long-term capital gain or loss if
amount of the dividend actually declared.                                     the US person’s holding period in the shares or ADSs exceeds one year.
A non-UK resident shareholder or ADS holder holding their shares              Non-corporate US persons are subject to tax on long-term capital
or ADSs otherwise than in connection with any trade, profession               gain at reduced rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject
or vocation carried on through a branch, agency or permanent                  to limitations.
establishment in the UK will not generally be subject to UK tax in
respect of dividends paid by PLC.                                             UK inheritance tax
                                                                              Under the current estate and gift tax convention between the United
United States taxation on dividends                                           States and the United Kingdom, shares or ADSs (regardless of whether
If you are a US person, the distribution up to the amount of PLC’s            they are situated in the United Kingdom for inheritance tax purposes)
earnings and profits for US Federal Income Tax purposes will be               held by an individual shareholder who is:
ordinary dividend income.                                                     ▪ domiciled for the purposes of the convention in the United States;
                                                                                and
Any portion of the distribution that exceeds PLC’s earnings and profits       ▪ not for the purposes of the convention a national of the United
is subject to different rules. This portion is a tax-free return of capital     Kingdom
to the extent of your basis in PLC’s shares or ADSs, and thereafter is
treated as a gain on a disposition of the shares or ADSs. PLC does not        will generally not be subject to United Kingdom inheritance tax:
maintain calculations of its earnings and profits in accordance with US       ▪ on the individual’s death; or
Federal Income Tax accounting principles. You should therefore assume         ▪ on a gift of the shares during the individual’s lifetime.




                                                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
that any distribution by PLC with respect to the shares will be reported      Where shares or ADSs are held on trust, they will generally not be
as ordinary dividend income. You should consult your own tax advisers         subject to United Kingdom inheritance tax where the settlor at the time
with respect to the appropriate US Federal Income Tax treatment of any        of the settlement:
distribution received from us.                                                ▪ was domiciled for the purposes of the convention in the United
Dividends received by an individual will be taxed at a maximum rate of           States; and
15% or 20%, depending on the income level of the individual, provided         ▪ was not for the purposes of the convention a national of the
the individual has held the shares or ADSs for more than 60 days during          United Kingdom.
the 121-day period beginning 60 days before the ex-dividend date, that
PLC is a qualified foreign corporation and certain other conditions are       An exception is if the shares or ADSs are part of the business property of
satisfied. PLC is a qualified foreign corporation for this purpose. In        a permanent establishment of the shareholder in the United Kingdom
addition, an additional tax of 3.8% will apply to dividends and other         or, in the case of a shareholder who performs independent personal
investment income received by individuals with incomes exceeding              services, pertain to a fixed base situated in the United Kingdom.
certain thresholds. The dividend is not eligible for the dividends received
                                                                              Where shares or ADSs are subject to United Kingdom inheritance tax
deduction allowable to corporations. The dividend is foreign source
                                                                              and United States federal gift or federal estate tax, the amount of the
income for US foreign tax credit purposes.
                                                                              tax paid in one jurisdiction can generally be credited against the tax
                                                                              due in the other jurisdiction.
194                                                                                                       Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Where a United Kingdom inheritance tax liability is prima facie not          Issue of shares
payable by virtue of the convention, that tax can become payable if
any applicable federal gift or federal estate tax on the shares or ADSs      Subject to the points noted below in respect of shares issued to
in the United States is not paid.                                            clearance services (such as Euroclear Nederland) or which are issued
                                                                             into a depositary receipt system where the shares are to be held in
Where shares are dealt with through a clearing system or in the form of
                                                                             ADS form, no stamp duty or SDRT will arise on the issue of shares in
ADSs, the situs of the shares may not be determinative of the situs of the
                                                                             registered form by PLC.
interests held by holders through such system or of such ADSs for United
Kingdom inheritance tax purposes. Where shares are dealt with through
Euroclear Nederland, there are arguments that the interests of               Transfer of shares
participants in Euroclear Nederland will be situated outside the United
Kingdom for the purposes of United Kingdom inheritance tax so long as        Except in relation to clearance services and depositary receipt systems
Euroclear Nederland maintains the book-entry register of such                (to which special rules outlined below apply), stamp duty at the rate of
participants’ interests outside the United Kingdom, although HMRC may        0.5 per cent (rounded up to the next multiple of £5) of the amount or
not accept this analysis. Similarly, there are arguments that ADSs           value of the consideration given will generally be payable on an
registered on a register outside the United Kingdom will be situated         instrument transferring PLC shares. A charge to SDRT will also generally
outside the United Kingdom for the purposes of United Kingdom                arise on an unconditional agreement to transfer PLC shares (at the rate
inheritance tax, although again HMRC may not accept this analysis.           of 0.5 per cent of the amount or value of the consideration payable).
Shareholders to whom this may be relevant should consult an                  However, if within six years of the date of the agreement becoming
appropriate professional adviser.                                            unconditional, an instrument of transfer is executed pursuant to the
                                                                             agreement, and stamp duty is paid on that instrument, any SDRT
If the ADSs or the shares dealt with through Euroclear Nederland or          already paid will be refunded (generally, but not necessarily, with
both are not situated in the United Kingdom, a gift of such ADSs or such     interest) provided that a claim for repayment is made, and any
shares by, or the death of, an individual holder of such assets who is       outstanding liability to SDRT will be cancelled. The liability to pay stamp
neither domiciled nor deemed to be domiciled (under certain rules            duty or SDRT is generally satisfied by the purchaser or transferee.
relating to long residence or previous domicile) in the United Kingdom
will not generally give rise to a liability to United Kingdom inheritance
tax regardless of whether the estate and gift tax convention between         Shares held through clearance services including
the United States and the United Kingdom applies. Special rules may          Euroclear Nederland
also apply to such ADSs or such shares dealt with through Euroclear
Nederland which are held on trust.                                           Special rules apply where shares are issued or transferred to, or to a
                                                                             nominee or agent for, a person providing a clearance service. In such
UK stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax                                     circumstances, SDRT or stamp duty may be charged at a rate of 1.5 per
                                                                             cent, with subsequent transfers within the clearance service then being
The statements in this section are intended as a general guide to the        free from SDRT and stamp duty (except in relation to clearance service
current United Kingdom stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax ('SDRT')        providers that have made an election under section 97A(1) of the
position. Special rules apply to certain transactions such as transfers of   Finance Act 1986 which has been approved by HM Revenue & Customs,
the shares to a company connected with the transferor and those rules        to which the special rules apply).
are not described below. Investors should also note that certain             In light of EU case law, HMRC accepted that the 1.5 per cent charge is in
categories of person are not liable to stamp duty or SDRT and others         breach of EU law so far as it applies to issues of shares or to transfers of
may be liable at a higher rate or may, although not primarily liable for     shares that are an integral part of a share issue. This EU case law will
tax, be required to notify and account for SDRT under the Stamp Duty         continue to be recognised and followed pursuant to the provisions of
Reserve Tax Regulations 1986.                                                the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 'EUWA').

Backup withholding and information reporting
Payments of dividends and other proceeds with respect to ordinary
shares or ADSs by US persons will be reported to you and to the IRS as
may be required under applicable regulations. Backup withholding may
apply to these payments if you fail to provide an accurate taxpayer
identification number or certification of exempt status or fail to comply
with applicable certification requirements. Some holders are not subject
to backup withholding. You should consult your tax adviser as to your
qualification for an exemption from backup withholding and the
procedure for obtaining an exemption.

Disclosure requirements for US individual holders
US individuals that hold certain specified non-US financial assets,
including stock in a non-US corporation, with values in excess of certain
thresholds are required to file Form 8938 with their US Federal Income
Tax return. Such Form requires disclosure of information concerning
such non-US assets, including the value of the assets. Failure to file
the Form when required is subject to penalties. An exemption from
reporting applies to non-US assets held through a US financial
institution generally including a non-US branch or subsidiary of a
US institution and a US branch of a non-US institution. Investors are
encouraged to consult with their own tax advisers regarding the
possible application of this disclosure requirement to their investment
in the shares or ADSs.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                           195


HMRC’s published view is that the 1.5 per cent. SDRT or stamp duty             Depositary fees and charges for PLC
charge continues to apply to other transfers of shares into a clearance
service, although this has been disputed. In view of the continuing            Under the terms of the Deposit Agreement for the PLC American
uncertainty, specific professional advice should be sought before              Depositary Shares (ADSs), an ADS holder may have to pay the following
incurring a 1.5 per cent stamp duty or SDRT charge in any circumstances.       service fees to the depositary bank:
Any liability for stamp duty or SDRT in respect of a transfer of shares into   ▪ Issuance of ADSs: up to US 5¢ per ADS issued.
a clearance service, or in respect of a transfer of shares within such a       ▪ Cancellation of ADSs: up to US 5¢ per ADS cancelled.
service, which does arise will strictly be accountable by the clearance        ▪ Processing of dividend and other cash distributions not made
service or its nominee but may, in practice, be payable by the relevant          pursuant to a cancellation or withdrawal: up to US 5¢ per ADS held.
participant in the clearance service.
                                                                               An ADS holder will also be responsible for paying certain fees and
                                                                               expenses incurred by the depositary bank and certain taxes and
Shares held in ADS form                                                        governmental charges such as:
                                                                               ▪ fees for the transfer and registration of shares charged by the
On the basis of EU case law referred to above and the EUWA, there                registrar and transfer agent for the shares in the United Kingdom
should be no stamp duty or SDRT on an issuance of shares into a                  (i.e. upon deposit and withdrawal of shares);
depositary receipt system where such transfer is an integral part of the       ▪ expenses incurred for converting foreign currency into US dollars;
raising of capital by the company concerned. A transfer of shares into a       ▪ expenses for cable, telex and fax transmissions and for delivery of
depositary receipt system may be subject to SDRT or stamp duty may be            securities;
charged at a rate of 1.5 per cent, with subsequent transfers of                ▪ taxes and duties upon the transfer of securities (i.e. when shares are
depositary receipts then being free from SDRT.                                   deposited or withdrawn from deposit);
                                                                               ▪ fees and expenses incurred in connection with the delivery or
Any liability for stamp duty or SDRT in respect of a transfer of shares into
                                                                                 servicing of shares on deposit; and
a depositary receipt system which does arise will strictly be accountable
                                                                               ▪ fees incurred in connection with the distribution of dividends.
by the depositary receipt system operator or its nominee but may, in
practice, be payable by the relevant holder of the depositary receipts.
                                                                               Depositary fees payable upon the issuance and cancellation of ADSs
An issue of ADSs by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as                    are typically paid to the depositary bank by the brokers (on behalf of
depositary in respect of the ADSs will not be subject to stamp duty or         their clients) receiving the newly issued ADSs from the depositary bank
SDRT. An agreement for the transfer of ADSs will not be subject to SDRT        and by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) delivering the ADSs to the
but a charge to stamp duty will technically arise on the transfer of ADSs      depositary bank for cancellation. The brokers in turn charge these
if it is executed in the UK or relates to any property situated, or to any     transaction fees to their clients.
matter or thing done or to be done, in the UK. However, the only
sanction for failing to pay such stamp duty is that the instrument of
transfer cannot be produced as evidence in a UK court. Therefore, no UK        Note that the fees and charges an investor may be required to pay may
stamp duty should in practice be payable on the acquisition or transfer        vary over time and may be changed by us and by the depositary bank.
of existing ADSs or transfer of beneficial ownership of ADSs.                  Notice of any changes will be given to investors.


Description of securities other than equity securities
Deutsche Bank serves as the depositary (Depositary) for PLC’s American
Depositary Receipt Programme.




                                                                                                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
196                                                                         Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021


Depositary payments – fiscal year 2021

Deutsche Bank has been the depositary bank for its American
Depositary Receipt Programme since 1 July 2014. Under the terms of the
Deposit Agreement, PLC is entitled to certain reimbursements, including
processing of cash distributions, reimbursement of listing fees (NYSE),
reimbursement of settlement infrastructure fees (including DTC feeds),
reimbursement of proxy process expenses (printing, postage and
distribution), dividend fees and program-related expenses (that include
expenses incurred from the requirements of the US Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002). In relation to 2021, PLC received $3,830,334 from
Deutsche Bank.


Defaults, dividend arrearages and delinquencies

Defaults Programme

There has been no material default in the payment of principal, interest,
a sinking or purchase fund instalment or any other material default
relating to indebtedness of the Group.

Dividend arrearages and delinquencies

There have been no arrears in payment of dividends on, and material
delinquency with respect to, any class of preferred stock of any
significant subsidiary of the Group.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                                    197



Purchases of equity securities

Share purchases during 2021

Please also refer to ‘Our shares’ section on page 76.


62,976,145 PLC ordinary shares or ADSs were purchased by or on behalf of PLC or any 'affiliated purchaser', as defined in Section 10b-18(a)(3) of the
US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, during the period covered by this annual report on Form 20-F.

Between 31 December 2021 and 24 February 2022 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report), PLC did not conduct any
share repurchases.


Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting
In accordance with the requirements of Section 404 of the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the following report is provided by management in
respect of the Group’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in rule 13a–15(f) or rule 15d–15(f) under the US Securities Exchange Act
of 1934):
▪ Unilever’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Group;
▪ Unilever’s management has used the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) framework (2013) to
   evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Management believes that the COSO framework (2013) is a suitable
   framework for its evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting because it is free from bias, permits reasonably consistent qualitative
   and quantitative measurements of internal controls, is sufficiently complete so that those relevant factors that would alter a conclusion about
   the effectiveness of internal controls are not omitted and is relevant to an evaluation of internal control over financial reporting;
▪ Management has assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of 31 December 2021, and has concluded that such
   internal control over financial reporting is effective. Management’s assessment and conclusion excludes the Paula's Choice, Welly and Onnit
   from this assessment, as they were acquired on 2 August 2021, 29 January 2021 and 28 May 2021 respectively. These entities are included in our
   2021 consolidated financial statements, and together they constituted approximately 3.8% of our total assets as at 31 December 2021 (of which
   94% represented goodwill and intangible assets acquired) and approximately 0.4% of total turnover for the year ended 31 December 2021; and
▪ KPMG LLP, who have audited the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021, have also audited the
   effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as at 31 December 2021 and have issued an attestation report on internal control over
   financial reporting.


Principal accountant fees and services

Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP, London, United Kingdom, Auditor Firm ID: 1118

                                                                                                                            € million         € million         € million
                                                                                                                                2021             2020              2019
                     (a)
      Audit fees                                                                                                                  22               19     (d)        17
                                 (b)                                                                                                    (d)
      Audit-related fees                                                                                                           6                 7                —
               (c)
      Tax fees                                                                                                                    —                 —                 —
                           (c)
      All other fees                                                                                                              —                 —                 —
(a) Amount payable to KPMG in respect of services supplied to associated pension schemes was less than €1 million individually and in aggregate (2020: less than €1
    million individually and in aggregate; 2019: less than €1 million individually and in aggregate).
(b) Includes other audit services which comprise audit and similar work that regulations or agreements with third parties require the auditors to undertake.
(c) Amounts paid in relation to each type of service are individually less than €1 million. In aggregate the fees paid were less than €1 million (2020: less than €1 million,
    2019: less than €1 million).
(d) 2021 includes €5 million (2020: €6 million) for audits and reviews of carve-out financial statements of ekaterra. 2020 also includes €1 million for assurance work on
    Unification.




                                                                                                                                                                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
198                                                                                                    Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021



Guarantor statements

On 13 August 2020, Unilever N.V. (NV) and Unilever Capital Corporation (UCC) filed a US Shelf registration, which was unconditionally and fully
guaranteed, jointly and severally, by NV, Unilever PLC (PLC) and Unilever United States, Inc. (UNUS) and that updated the NV and UCC US Shelf
registration filed on 27 July 2017, which was unconditionally and fully guaranteed, jointly and severally, by NV, PLC and UNUS.

As a result of Unification, PLC assumed NV’s liabilities in relation to debt issued under the US shelf registration programme. UCC and UNUS are each
indirectly 100% owned by PLC and consolidated in the financial statements of the Unilever Group. In relation to the US Shelf registration, US$12.1
billion of Notes were outstanding at 31 December 2021 (2020: US$11.5 billion; 2019: US$12.35 billion) with coupons ranging from 0.375% to 5.900%.
These Notes are repayable between 07 March 2022 and 12 August 2051.

All debt securities issued by UCC are senior, unsecured, and unsubordinated and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several
basis, by PLC and UNUS.

In March 2020, the SEC amended Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X and created Rule 13-01 to simplify disclosure requirements related to certain
registered securities, which we have adopted effective immediately. As noted above UCC and UNUS are 100% subsidiaries of Unilever PLC and are
consolidated in the financial statements of the Unilever Group. In addition, there are no material assets in the guarantor entities apart from
intercompany investments and balances. Therefore, as allowed under Rule 13-01, we have excluded the summarised information for each issuer
and guarantor.

The guarantees provide that, in case of the failure of the relevant issuer to punctually make payment of any principal, premium or interest, each
guarantor agrees to ensure such payment is made when due whether at the stated maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption
or otherwise. The guarantees also provide that the Trustee shall be paid any and all amounts due to it under the guarantee upon which the debt
securities are endorsed.
Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                 199




Cautionary Statement
This document may contain forward-looking statements, including ‘forward-looking statements’ within the meaning of the United States Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as ‘will’, ‘aim’, ‘expects’, ‘anticipates’, ‘intends’, ‘looks’, ‘believes’, ‘vision’, or the negative of
these terms and other similar expressions of future performance or results, and their negatives, are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements also include, but are not limited to, statements and information regarding the Unilever Group’s (the
‘Group’) emissions reduction targets and other climate change related matters (including actions, potential impacts and risks associated
therewith). These forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions regarding anticipated developments and
other factors affecting the Group. They are not historical facts, nor are they guarantees of future performance or outcomes.
Because these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Among other risks and uncertainties, the material or principal
factors which could cause actual results to differ materially are: Unilever’s global brands not meeting consumer preferences; Unilever’s ability to
innovate and remain competitive; Unilever’s investment choices in its portfolio management; the effect of climate change on Unilever’s business;
Unilever’s ability to find sustainable solutions to its plastic packaging; significant changes or deterioration in customer relationships; the
recruitment and retention of talented employees; disruptions in our supply chain and distribution; increases or volatility in the cost of raw materials
and commodities; the production of safe and high quality products; secure and reliable IT infrastructure; execution of acquisitions, divestitures and
business transformation projects; economic, social and political risks and natural disasters; financial risks; failure to meet high and ethical
standards; and managing regulatory, tax and legal matters. A number of these risks have increased as a result of the current Covid-19 pandemic.
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation, the Group
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein
to reflect any change in the Group’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such
statement is based.
This document also contains data on the Group’s Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Scope 1 and 2 emissions data is relatively easy to gather as it relates
to emissions from the Group’s own activities and supplied heat, power and cooling. Scope 3 emissions relate to other organisations’ emissions and
is therefore subject to a range of uncertainties, including that data used to model lifecycle footprints is typically industry-standard data rather than
relating to individual suppliers; lifecycle models such as the Group’s cover many but not all products and markets; and international standards and
protocols governing emissions calculations and categorisations evolve, as do accepted norms regarding terminology such as carbon neutral and
net zero. As value chain emissions data improves, shifting over time from generic modelled data to more specific data, the data reported in this
document is likely to evolve.
Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting the Group are described in the Group’s filings with the London Stock Exchange,
Euronext Amsterdam and the US Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Annual Report on Form 20-F 2021.
This document is not prepared in accordance with US GAAP and should not therefore be relied upon by readers as such. The Annual Report on Form
20-F 2021 is separately filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission and is available on our corporate website.
www.unilever.com

In addition, a printed copy of the Annual Report on Form 20-F 2021 is available, free of charge, upon request to Unilever, Investor Relations
Department, 100 Victoria Embankment, London EC4Y 0DY, United Kingdom.
This document comprises regulated information within the meaning of Sections 1:1 and 5:25c of the Act on Financial Supervision (‘Wet op het
financieel toezicht (Wft)’) in the Netherlands.
The brand names shown in this report are trademarks owned by or licensed to companies within the Group.
References in this document to information on websites (and/or social media sites) are included as an aid to their location and such information is
not incorporated in, and does not form part of, the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021.




                                                                                                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Cautionary Statement

This document may contain forward-looking statements, including ‘forward-looking statements’ within the meaning of the United States Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as ‘will’, ‘aim’, ‘expects’, ‘anticipates’, ‘intends’, ‘looks’, ‘believes’, ‘vision’, or the negative of these
terms and other similar expressions of future performance or results, and their negatives, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions regarding anticipated developments and other factors
affecting the Unilever Group (the ‘Group’). They are not historical facts, nor are they guarantees of future performance.

Because these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Among other risks and uncertainties, the material or principal factors which
could cause actual results to differ materially are: Unilever’s global brands not meeting consumer preferences; Unilever’s ability to innovate and remain
competitive; Unilever’s investment choices in its portfolio management; the effect of climate change on Unilever’s business; Unilever's ability to find
sustainable solutions to its plastic packaging; significant changes or deterioration in customer relationships; the recruitment and retention of talented
employees; disruptions in our supply chain and distribution; increases or volatility in the cost of raw materials and commodities; the production of safe
and high quality products; secure and reliable IT infrastructure; execution of acquisitions, divestitures and business transformation projects; economic,
social and political risks and natural disasters; financial risks; failure to meet high and ethical standards; and managing regulatory, tax and legal
matters.

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation, the Group
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to
reflect any change in the Group’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is
based.

Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting the Group are described in the Group’s filings with the London Stock Exchange, Euronext
Amsterdam and the US Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Annual Report on Form 20-F 2019 and the Unilever Annual Report and
Accounts 2019.

This document is not prepared in accordance with US GAAP and should not therefore be relied upon by readers as such. The Annual Report
on Form 20-F 2019 is separately filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission and is available on our corporate website
      www.unilever.com


In addition, a printed copy of the Annual Report on Form 20-F 2019 is available, free of charge, upon request to Unilever, Investor Relations Department,
100 Victoria Embankment, London EC4Y 0DY, United Kingdom.

This document comprises regulated information within the meaning of Sections 1:1 and 5:25c of the Act on Financial Supervision (‘Wet op het financieel
toezicht (Wft)’) in the Netherlands.

The brand names shown in this report are trademarks owned by or licensed to companies within the Group.

References in this document to information on websites (and/or social media sites) are included as an aid to their location and such information is not
incorporated in, and does not form part of, the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2019 or the Annual Report on Form 20-F 2019.




Designed and produced by Unilever Communications.
Designed
Printed      and produced
         at Pureprint  Group,byISO
                                 Unilever
                                   14001.Communications.
                                           FSC® certified and CarbonNeutral®.
Printed at Pureprint Group, ISO 14001. FSC® certified and CarbonNeutral®.
This document is printed on Revive 100% Recycled Silk. These papers have been exclusively supplied by
This  document
Denmaur           is printed
            Independent       on Revive
                           Papers  which100%  Recycled
                                          has offset the Silk.
                                                         carbonThese papersby
                                                                  produced have
                                                                              thebeen exclusively
                                                                                 production and delivery of them
supplied
to          by Denmaur Independent Papers which has offset the carbon produced by the production
    the printer.
and delivery of them to the printer.
These papers are 100% recycled and manufactured using de-inked post-consumer waste. All the pulp is
These papers are 100% recycled and manufactured using de-inked post-consumer waste. All the
bleached using an elemental chlorine free process (ECF). Printed in the UK by Pureprint using its pureprint®
pulp is bleached using an elemental chlorine free process (ECF). Printed in the UK by Pureprint
environmental printing technology. Vegetable inks were used throughout. Pureprint is a CarbonNeutral®
using its pureprint® environmental printing technology. Vegetable inks were used throughout.
company. Both the manufacturing mill and the printer are registered to the Environmental Management
Pureprint is a CarbonNeutral® company. Both the manufacturing mill and the printer are registered
System ISO 14001 and are Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) chain-of-custody certified.
to the Environmental Management System ISO 14001 and are Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®)
chain-of-custody
If you have finished certified.
                       with this document and no longer wish to retain it, please pass it on to other interested
readers or dispose
If you have finishedofwith
                       it in this
                             yourdocument
                                  recycled paper waste.
                                            and no      Thank
                                                   longer wishyou.
                                                               to retain it, please pass it on to other
interested readers or dispose of it in your recycled paper waste. Thank you.
For further information about
Unilever please visit our website:
www.unilever.com




Unilever PLC
Head Office
100 Victoria Embankment
London EC4Y 0DY
United Kingdom
T +44 (0)20 7822 5252

Registered Office
Unilever PLC
Port Sunlight
Wirral
Merseyside CH62 4ZD
United Kingdom

Registered in England and Wales
Company Number: 41424
