                                                                                               Westpac Banking Corporation
                                                                                                    Level 18, 275 Kent Street
                                                                                                        Sydney, NSW, 2000




                        ASX RELEASE

                        5 May 2026

                        Westpac 2026 Interim Results email to shareholders

                        Westpac Banking Corporation (“Westpac”) today provides the attached Westpac 2026
                        Interim Results email to shareholders.




For personal use only
                        For further information:

                        Hayden Cooper                               Justin McCarthy
                        Group Head of Media Relations               General Manager, Investor Relations
                        0402 393 619                                0422 800 321


                        This document has been authorised for release by Tim Hartin, Company Secretary.
                        5 MAY 2026




For personal use only
                                                      FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

                          $3.4bn $3.5bn 12.4%
                            Statutory net profit        Net profit ex
                                                                                                             77c
                                                                                                            Interim ordinary
                                                                             CET1 capital ratio above
                              ▼ 5% on 2H25             Notable Items                                      dividend per share,
                                                                             target ratio of 11.25% in
                             ▲ 3% on 1H25              ▼ 1% on 2H25                                           fully franked
                                                       ▲ 1% on 1H25         normal operating conditions



                        Disciplined execution through global unrest
                        Anthony Miller, Chief Executive Ofﬁcer

                        1H26 results overview

                        This half, we’ve delivered solid operating momentum while investing for the future. Our strong
                        balance sheet and disciplined focus will allow us to support customers through global uncertainty.

                        Westpac is well positioned to deal with the impacts of ongoing conﬂict. Our role is to stay close to
                        customers, back them through current challenges and make sure help is there when it’s needed.
                        While our customers are resilient and stress levels have declined, we've taken a prudent approach
                        and increased our provisions.

                        Across the company, we’ve started to execute with real momentum. We’ve got the team in place,
                        we’re clear on what needs to be done and the focus now is very simply on delivery. There’s a strong
                        sense of ownership and you can see that coming through in how we’re performing and serving
                        customers.

                        Growth is solid across lending and deposits, with several highlights. We grew Australian mortgages,
                        excluding RAMS, in the half at 1.2x system, with the proportion of new ﬁrst party lending increasing.
                        We are supporting Australian businesses with lending up across both business and institutional over
                        the past year. At the same time we are managing costs, which are down from the prior half.

                        Westpac believes in the growth potential of regional Australia. We’ve opened three regional service
                        centres with another to come. We've also launched our Community Banking Service in several
                        regional locations. Our agribusiness book has grown 15% during the year and we remain the only
                        bank with a moratorium on regional branch closures through to 2030.

                        We know we must execute well across the board and nowhere is this more true than in our UNITE
                        program. We’re now solidly in implement phase. In March we completed our ﬁrst large-scale
                        migration, creating a single wealth platform for advisers on BT Panorama, and work is progressing
                        well on creating one commercial bank.

                        Getting UNITE done will help unlock the potential of this organisation and ensure we do things one
                        way. I’m conﬁdent in the plan and I’m encouraged by the progress we’re making as a team.


                        Outlook

                        The war in the Middle East is presenting challenges for some customers and the economic impact of
                        the conﬂict will continue through the year. The disruption to energy supply chains has driven a rise in




For personal use only
                        prices and we're seeing this ﬂow through to businesses and households, with some sectors more
                        affected than others.

                        We're ready to work with the Government to ensure Australia is better prepared for future events,
                        including through ongoing investment in a reliable, sustainable energy system. As a country, we
                        must embrace the opportunity for genuine reform to ensure the nation remains competitive. Our
                        stability sets us apart, but only when combined with more efﬁcient and effective regulation. Boosting
                        productivity must be the country's priority, particularly through an uplift in skills and training
                        alongside a committed and inclusive adoption of AI and other emerging technologies.


                        Growth in our core markets1
                        Balance sheet momentum was solid with both lending and deposit growth of 7% over the year.

                        Australian household deposit growth reﬂects strong transaction account growth and improved
                        brand consideration.

                        Business & Wealth deposits increased 5% driven by growth in transactional and savings balances.
                        Focus remains on growing transactional accounts with the number of new accounts up 33%.

                        Growth in Australian housing loans, excluding RAMS, was 7% with the proportion of new loans
                        originated through the proprietary channel rising during the year.

                        Australian business lending increased 16%. Growth in the Business & Wealth segment was
                        diversiﬁed with solid growth in our target sectors of agriculture, health and professional services.
                        There was strong loan growth in Institutional driven by strengthening relationships with existing
                        clients.


                        Strong balance sheet
                        Capital

                        The CET1 capital ratio of 12.4% is above our target ratio of 11.25%. This equates to $2.7 billion of
                        capital above the target after payment of the First Half 2026 dividend.
                        The CET1 capital ratio decreased 11 basis points in the half as net proﬁt was more than offset by
                        payment of the 2025 ﬁnal dividend and higher Risk Weighted Assets (RWA).


                        Funding and liquidity

                        The deposit to loan ratio was 84.2%. Notwithstanding similar lending and deposit growth, higher
                        lending balances drove a modest decline in the ratio.

                        The March 2026 quarterly average liquidity coverage ratio of 132% and the net stable funding ratio
                        of 112% were both well above regulatory minimums.

                        The Group raised $24 billion of new long term wholesale funding in the ﬁnancial year to date2.


                        Credit quality
                        Credit quality metrics continued to improve as reﬂected in a decline in stressed exposure to TCE to




For personal use only
                        1.16%.

                        The revised economic outlook has been reﬂected in our base case provision scenario and a new
                        portfolio overlay has been added for energy intensive sectors. Credit impairment provisions
                        increased to $5.2 billion and the ratio of collectively assessed provisions to credit RWA were higher
                        at 1.29%.


                        Shareholder returns

                        Our solid ﬁnancial performance and strong ﬁnancial position supported the interim dividend of 77
                        cents per share. This equates to a payout ratio of 77.1% on a statutory net proﬁt basis and 75.6%
                        excluding Notable Items.


                                                       KEY SHAREHOLDER METRICS

                               $39.47                               $ 17.73                                76%
                                 Closing share price                Net tangible asset                 Dividend payout ratio
                                   31 March 2026                    per ordinary share                   ex Notable Items




                            Earnings per share ex Notable Items (cents)                   Dividends per share (cents)

                                                 102.8      101.9                                     77              77
                                100.8
                                                                                          76




                               1H25             2H25        1H26                         1H25       2H25            1H26
                         2026 Half Year Interim Dividend Information

                         •     77 cents interim ordinary dividend per share, fully franked

                         •     To be paid on 26 June 2026 to shareholders on the register at the record date of 11 May 2026

                         •     The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) will apply to the interim dividend. Westpac intends to
                               arrange for the purchase of Westpac shares on market by a third party to satisfy participant’s
                               DRP entitlements

                         •     Resident shareholders with addresses on the register in Australia or New Zealand who wish to
                               update their DRP election, must do so before 5.00pm (Sydney time) on 12 May 2026

                         Visit Westpac’s Investor Centre for the DRP terms and conditions and to update your election




For personal use only
                        Yours sincerely,




                        Anthony Miller, Chief Executive Ofﬁcer



                        Watch an interview with Anthony Miller on today’s announcement here




                        More information
                        For more information on our 2026 Interim results presentation visit: Westpac.com.au/investorcentre

                        If you have questions about your dividend or the management of your shareholding, contact MUFG
                        Corporate Markets online via MUFG’s Investor Centre, or by email at westpac@cm.mpms.mufg.com or
                        by telephone on 1800 804 255 (free call within Australia)




                        Footnotes
                        1 Compared to 31 March 2025. 2 As at 30 April 2026.

                        This communication does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities in the United States or to persons
                        acting for the account or benefit of persons in the United States. The shares to be issued in respect of the dividend reinvestment plan referred to
                        in this communication have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 'Securities Act') or the securities laws of any
                        state or other jurisdiction in the United States. Accordingly, the shares may not be offered or sold to persons in the United States or to persons
                        who are acting for the account or benefit of a person in the United States, unless they have been registered under the Securities Act or are
                        offered and sold in a transaction exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state
                        securities laws.


                                                            Copyright © 2026 Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141
