        Stella-Jones Inc.


Consolidated Financial Statements
  December 31, 2021 and 2020
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Financial Statements




December 31, 2021 and 2020

Management’s Statement of Responsibility for Financial Information

The consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report are the responsibility of Management, and
have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards. Where necessary,
Management has made judgments and estimates of the outcome of events and transactions, with due consideration
given to materiality. Management is also responsible for all other information in the Annual Report and for
ensuring that this information is consistent, where appropriate, with the information and data included in the
consolidated financial statements.

The Company maintains a system of internal controls to provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of the
financial records and safeguarding of its assets. The consolidated financial statements have been audited by the
Company’s independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, and they have issued their report thereon.

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing Management in the performance of its responsibilities for
financial reporting. The Board of Directors exercises its responsibilities through the Audit Committee, which is
comprised of five independent directors. The Audit Committee meets from time to time with Management and the
Company’s independent auditors to review the consolidated financial statements and matters relating to the audit.
The Company’s independent auditors have full and free access to the Audit Committee. The consolidated
financial statements have been reviewed by the Audit Committee, who recommended their approval by the Board
of Directors.




(s) Eric Vachon                                           (s) Silvana Travaglini

Éric Vachon, CPA, CA                                     Silvana Travaglini, CPA, CA
President and Chief Executive Officer                    Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer

Saint-Laurent, Québec
March 8, 2022
Independent auditor’s report
To the Shareholders of Stella-Jones Inc.

Our opinion

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Stella-Jones Inc. and its subsidiaries (together, the Company) as at
December 31, 2021 and 2020, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years then ended in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IFRS).

What we have audited
The Company’s consolidated financial statements comprise:
      the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2021 and 2020;
      the consolidated statements of change in shareholders’ equity for the years then ended;
      the consolidated statements of income for the years then ended;
      the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years then ended;
      the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years then ended; and
      the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and
       other explanatory information.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
the consolidated financial statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our
audit of the consolidated financial statements in Canada. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with these requirements.




PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP/s.r.l./s.e.n.c.r.l.
1250 René-Lévesque Boulevard West, Suite 2500, Montréal, Quebec, Canada H3B 4Y1
T: +1 514 205 5000, F: +1 514 876 1502
“PwC” refers to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP/s.r.l./s.e.n.c.r.l., an Ontario limited liability partnership.
Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming
our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Accuracy and existence of inventories                  Our approach to addressing the matter included the
                                                       following procedures, among others:
Refer to note 2 – Significant accounting policies
and note 6 – Inventories to the consolidated              Tested the operating effectiveness of controls
financial statements.                                      related to the matching of invoices, purchase
                                                           orders and receiving documents.
The Company’s inventories totalled $1,106 million
as at December 31, 2021. Inventories held in its          For a selection of locations of inventory counts
network across North America are comprised of              performed by management prior to year-end,
raw materials and finished goods. Raw materials            observed the inventory count procedures and
are valued at the lower of weighted average cost           performed independent test counts for a
and net realizable value. Finished goods are valued        sample of inventory items.
at the lower of weighted average cost and net
                                                          Tested the inventories activity in the intervening
realizable value and include the cost of raw
                                                           period between the count date and the year-
materials, other direct costs and manufacturing
                                                           end date.
overhead expenses. Net realizable value is the
estimated selling price less costs necessary              For a sample of raw materials, tested the cost
to make the sale.                                          by agreeing to invoices, purchase orders and
                                                           receiving documents, as applicable.
We considered this a key audit matter due to the
                                                          For a sample of inventory items for raw
magnitude of the inventories balance, the number
                                                           materials and finished goods, recalculated the
of inventory locations across the Company’s
                                                           weighted average cost.
network and the audit effort involved in testing the
inventories balance.                                      For a sample of finished goods, tested the cost
                                                           of transferred materials from raw materials to
                                                           finished goods, by agreeing the cost transferred
                                                           to the carrying cost of the items previously
                                                           classified in raw materials.
                                                          Tested the allocation of other direct standard
                                                           costs attributed to finished goods during the
                                                           year, by comparing the other direct standard
                                                           costs for a sample of finished goods to the
                                                           direct standard cost list.
Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                                           For a portion of inventory items, tested the
                                                            reasonability of the allocation of the
                                                            manufacturing overhead standard costs to
                                                            finished goods at year-end by comparing to the
                                                            prior year’s allocations.
                                                           Assessed whether variances related to other
                                                            direct and manufacturing overhead standard
                                                            costs needed to be capitalized into finished
                                                            goods to approximate actual cost.

Other information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis, which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report and the information,
other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, included in the annual
report, which is expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this
auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. When we read the information, other
than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, included in the annual report,
if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to
those charged with governance.

Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the
consolidated financial statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial
statements in accordance with IFRS, and for such internal control as management determines is
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate
the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting
process.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and
are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
    whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
    obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of
    not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
    as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
    internal control.
   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
    that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
    effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by management.
   Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
    based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
    conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.
    If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
    report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
    inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
    the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to
    cease to continue as a going concern.
   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
    including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
    transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
    business activities within the Company to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
    statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
    We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related
safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Gregory Tremellen.



/s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP1


Montréal, Quebec
March 8, 2022




1 CPA auditor, CA, public accountancy permit No. A119714
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
As at December 31, 2021 and 2020



(expressed in millions of Canadian dollars)

                                                                Note                  2021        2020
                                                                                         $           $
Assets

Current assets
Accounts receivable                                                5                   230          208
Inventories                                                        6                 1,106        1,075
Income taxes receivable                                                                  9           —
Other current assets                                                                    43           36
                                                                                     1,388        1,319
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                      7                   629          574
Right-of-use assets                                                8                   138          135
Intangible assets                                                  9                   158          115
Goodwill                                                           9                   341          280
Derivative financial instruments                                  20                     3           —
Other non-current assets                                                                 8            3
                                                                                     2,665        2,426
Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity
Current liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                          10                      162      137
Income taxes payable                                                                        1       19
Derivative financial instruments                                  20                       —         2
Current portion of long-term debt                                 12                       33       11
Current portion of lease liabilities                               8                       35       33
Current portion of provisions and other long-term liabilities     13                       11       16
                                                                                          242      218
Non-current liabilities
Long-term debt                                                    12                   701          595
Lease liabilities                                                  8                   109          106
Deferred income taxes                                             17                   137          104
Provisions and other long-term liabilities                        13                    15           15
Employee future benefits                                          18                    13           15
                                                                                     1,217        1,053
Shareholders’ equity
Capital stock                                                     15                   208          214
Retained earnings                                                                    1,161        1,079
Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                  79           80
                                                                                     1,448        1,373
                                                                                     2,665        2,426
Commitments and contingencies                                     19
Approved by the Board of Directors,

(s) Katherine A. Lehman                                          (s) Karen Laflamme
Katherine A. Lehman                                              Karen Laflamme, FCPA, FCA, ASC
Director                                                         Director



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Change in Shareholders’ Equity
For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020



(expressed in millions of Canadian dollars)

                                                               Accumulated other comprehensive income
                                                                      Translation of
                                                                          long-term
                                                                               debts
                                                             Foreign designated as      Unrealized
                                                            currency             net  gains (losses)                  Total
                                    Capital   Retained    translation    investment   on cash flow            shareholders’
                                     stock    earnings    adjustment         hedges         hedges    Total          equity
                                          $          $              $              $               $      $               $
Balance – January 1, 2021              214       1,079           179             (98)            (1)    80            1,373

Comprehensive income (loss)
Net income for the year                 —         227            —             —               —        —              227
Other comprehensive income (loss)       —           2            (4)           —                3       (1)              1

Comprehensive income (loss) for
the year                                —         229             (4)          —                3       (1)            228

Dividends on common shares              —          (47)          —             —               —        —              (47)
Employee share purchase plans            2          —            —             —               —        —                2
Repurchase of common shares (note
15)                                     (8)       (100)          —              —              —        —             (108)
                                        (6)       (147)          —              —              —        —             (153)
Balance – December 31, 2021            208       1,161          175            (98)             2       79           1,448




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
  Stella-Jones Inc.
  Consolidated Statements of Change in Shareholders’ Equity...Continued
  For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020



(expressed in millions of Canadian dollars)

                                                               Accumulated other comprehensive income
                                                                      Translation of
                                                                          long-term
                                                                               debts
                                                             Foreign designated as      Unrealized
                                                            currency             net  gains (losses)                  Total
                                    Capital   Retained    translation    investment   on cash flow            shareholders’
                                     stock    earnings    adjustment         hedges         hedges    Total          equity
                                          $          $              $              $               $      $               $
Balance – January 1, 2020              217         968           191             (89)             1    103            1,288

Comprehensive income (loss)
Net income for the year                 —         210             —            —               —        —              210
Other comprehensive income (loss)       —          (3)           (12)          (9)             (2)     (23)            (26)


Comprehensive income (loss) for
the year                                —         207            (12)           (9)            (2)     (23)            184


Dividends on common shares              —          (40)          —             —               —        —              (40)
Employee share purchase plans            1          —            —             —               —        —                1
Repurchase of common shares (note
15)                                     (4)        (56)          —              —              —        —              (60)
                                        (3)        (96)          —              —              —        —              (99)
Balance – December 31, 2020            214       1,079          179            (98)            (1)      80           1,373




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Income
For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020



(expressed in millions of Canadian dollars, except earnings per common share)

                                                                                 Note      2021    2020
                                                                                              $       $
Sales                                                                                     2,750   2,551

Expenses

Cost of sales (including depreciation and amortization of $63 (2020 - $62))               2,294   2,105
Selling and administrative (including depreciation and amortization of $11
  (2020 - $14))                                                                             127     125
Other losses, net                                                                             3      12
                                                                                  16      2,424   2,242
Operating income                                                                            326     309

Financial expenses                                                                16        23      25



Income before income taxes                                                                 303     284

Provision for income taxes
Current                                                                           17        64      66
Deferred                                                                          17        12       8

                                                                                            76      74

Net income for the year                                                                    227     210

Basic and diluted earnings per common share                                       15       3.49    3.12




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020



(expressed in millions of Canadian dollars)

                                                                                          2021    2020
                                                                                             $       $

Net income for the year                                                                   227     210

Other comprehensive income (loss)
Items that may subsequently be reclassified to net income
Net change in losses on translation of financial statements of foreign operations           (4)    (12)
Change in losses on translation of long-term debt designated as hedges of net
    investment in foreign operations                                                       —        (9)
Change in fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges                          4       (3)
Income tax on change in fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges           (1)       1

Items that will not subsequently be reclassified to net income
Remeasurements of post-retirement benefit obligations                                        3      (4)
Income taxes on remeasurements of post-retirement benefit obligations                       (1)      1

                                                                                            1      (26)

Comprehensive income for the year                                                         228     184




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020



(expressed in millions of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                      Note     2021    2020
                                                                                                  $       $
Cash flows provided by (used in)
Operating activities
Net income for the year                                                                        227     210
Adjustments for
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                              7    25      26
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                        8    38      38
Amortization of intangible assets                                                          9    11      12
Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                        —       (2)
Financial expenses                                                                        16    23      25
Current income taxes expense                                                              17    64      66
Deferred income taxes                                                                     17    12       8
Provisions and other long-term liabilities                                                      (7)     14
Other                                                                                           (5)      5
                                                                                               388     402

Changes in non-cash working capital components
Accounts receivable                                                                            (19)     (32)
Inventories                                                                                    (21)    (123)
Other current assets                                                                            (7)      (2)
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                        24        1
                                                                                               (23)    (156)
Interest paid                                                                                  (23)     (26)
Income taxes paid                                                                              (91)     (42)
                                                                                               251      178
Financing activities
Proceeds from short-term debt                                                             14    125      —
Repayment of short-term debt                                                              14   (123)     —
Net change in revolving credit facilities                                                 14    (13)     20
Proceeds from long-term debt                                                              14    247      —
Repayment of long-term debt                                                               14   (105)     (8)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                            14    (35)    (35)
Dividends on common shares                                                                      (47)    (40)
Repurchase of common shares                                                               15   (108)    (60)
Other                                                                                             1      (1)
                                                                                                (58)   (124)
Investing activities
Business acquisitions                                                                      4   (129)     —
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                       (48)    (42)
Additions of intangible assets                                                                  (16)    (13)
Other                                                                                            —        1
                                                                                               (193)    (54)
Net change in cash and cash equivalents during the year                                          —       —
Cash and cash equivalents – Beginning of year                                                    —       —
Cash and cash equivalents – End of year                                                          —       —




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2021 and 2020



1   Description of the business

    Stella-Jones Inc. (with its subsidiaries, either individually or collectively, referred to as the “Company”) is North
    America’s leading producer of pressure-treated wood products. It supplies all the continent’s major electrical
    utilities and telecommunication companies with wood utility poles and North America’s Class 1, short line and
    commercial railroad operators with railway ties and timbers. Stella-Jones also provides industrial products, which
    include wood for railway bridges and crossings, marine and foundation pilings, construction timbers and coal tar-
    based products. Additionally, the Company manufactures and distributes premium residential lumber and
    accessories to Canadian and American retailers for outdoor applications, with a significant portion of the business
    devoted to servicing the Canadian market through its national manufacturing and distribution network. The
    Company has treating and pole peeling facilities across Canada and the United States and sells its products
    primarily in these two countries. The Company’s headquarters are located at 3100 de la Côte-Vertu Blvd., in
    Saint-Laurent, Quebec, Canada. The Company is incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations Act, and
    its common shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) under the stock symbol SJ.

2   Significant accounting policies

    Basis of presentation

    The Company prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting
    Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”) and Chartered Professional
    Accountants Canada Handbook Accounting Part I.

    These consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on March 8, 2022.

    Basis of measurement

    The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
    derivative financial instruments and certain long-term liabilities which are measured at fair value. The Company
    has consistently applied the same accounting policies for all periods presented, unless otherwise stated.

    Principles of consolidation

    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Stella-Jones Inc. and its controlled subsidiaries.
    Intercompany transactions and balances between these companies have been eliminated. All consolidated
    subsidiaries are wholly owned. The significant subsidiaries within the legal structure of the Company are as
    follows:
                                                                                               Country of
     Subsidiary                                    Parent                                      incorporation
     Stella-Jones U.S. Holding Corporation         Stella-Jones Inc.                           United States
     Stella-Jones Corporation                      Stella-Jones U.S. Holding Corporation       United States
     Cahaba Pressure Treated Forest Products, Inc. Stella-Jones U.S. Holding Corporation       United States
     Cahaba Timber, Inc.                           Stella-Jones U.S. Holding Corporation       United States

    The Company controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with
    the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The existence and effect of
    potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible are considered when assessing whether the


                                                                                                                     (1)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



Company controls another entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred
to the Company. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

Business combinations

The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for the acquisition of subsidiaries by the Company. The
consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair value of the assets transferred, the liabilities
assumed, and the equity interests issued by the Company. The consideration transferred also includes the fair
value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Acquisition-related costs are
expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business
combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

The excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the fair value of any non-controlling interest in the
acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of
the Company’s share of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. If the
cost of acquisition is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is
recognized directly in the consolidated statement of income. Accounting policies of the subsidiaries have been
changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Company.

Foreign currency translation

a) Functional and presentation currency

    Items included in the financial statements of each of the Company’s entities are measured using the currency
    of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The
    consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is the Company’s functional and
    presentation currency. All amounts have been rounded to the nearest million, unless otherwise indicated.

b) Foreign currency transactions

    Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at
    the dates of the transactions. Revenues and expenses denominated in a foreign currency are translated by
    applying the monthly average exchange rates.

    Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rate in effect at the
    consolidated statement of financial position date. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the
    settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities not denominated in
    the functional currency are recognized in the consolidated statement of income within other losses, net, except
    for qualifying cash flow hedges which are recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and deferred in
    accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders’ equity.

    Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are
    translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was determined.
    Foreign currency differences arising on translation are recognized in the consolidated statement of income,
    within other losses, net, except for foreign currency differences arising on the translation of a financial
    liability designated as a hedge of a net investment.

    Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at cost are translated
    at historical exchange rates.

                                                                                                                      (2)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020




c) Foreign operations

    The financial statements of operations that have a functional currency different from that of the Company are
    translated using the rate in effect at the consolidated statement of financial position date for assets and
    liabilities, and the monthly average exchange rates during the year for revenues and expenses. Adjustments
    arising from this translation are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders’
    equity. Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as
    assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the rate in effect at the consolidated statement of
    financial position date.

d) Hedges of net investments in foreign operations

    Foreign currency differences arising on the translation of financial liabilities designated as a hedge of net
    investment in foreign operations are recognized within equity in other comprehensive income (loss) to the
    extent that the hedge is effective. To the extent that the hedge is ineffective, such differences are recognized in
    the consolidated statement of income, within other losses, net. When the hedged portion of a net investment
    (the subsidiary) is disposed of, the relevant amount in equity is transferred to the consolidated statement of
    income as part of the gain or loss on disposal.

Revenue recognition

The Company sells treated and untreated wood products (the “Products”), as well as wood treating services.
Revenue from the sale of Products is recognized when the Company satisfies a performance obligation by
transferring a promised Product to a customer. Products are considered to be transferred once the customer takes
control of them, being either at the Company’s manufacturing site or at the customer’s location. Control of the
Products refers to the ability to direct its use and obtain substantially all the remaining benefits from the Product.

The Company offers to treat wood products owned by third parties. Revenue from these treating services is
recognized using the point in time criteria since there is a short manufacturing timeframe to treat wood products.

Product sales can be subject to retrospective volume discounts based on aggregate sales over a 12 month period,
per certain contractual conditions. Revenue from these sales is recognized based on the price specified in the
contract, net of the estimated volume discounts. The Company’s significant experience is used to estimate and
provide for the discounts, using the expected value method, and revenue is only recognized to the extent that it is
highly probable that a reversal will not occur. A liability is recognized for expected volume discounts payable to
customers in relation to sales transacted to the end of the reporting period.

Product sales may also be subject to retrospective price discounts based on aggregate sales over a 12 month
period, according to certain contractual conditions. Revenue from these sales is recognized based on the expected
average sales price over the specified period. Accumulated experience is used to estimate and provide for the
price discounts, using the expected value method, and revenue is only recognized to the extent that it is highly
probable that specified contractual conditions will be met. The customer is invoiced at the contract price and a
liability is recognized to adjust to the average price.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, bank balances and short-term liquid investments with initial
maturities of three months or less.

                                                                                                                     (3)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020




Accounts receivable

Accounts receivable are amounts due from customers from the sale of products or services rendered in the
ordinary course of business. Accounts receivable are classified as current assets if payment is due within 12
months or less. Accounts receivable are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized
cost, less credit loss allowance.

Inventories

Inventories of raw materials are valued at the lower of weighted average cost and net realizable value. Finished
goods are valued at the lower of weighted average cost and net realizable value and include the cost of raw
materials, other direct costs and manufacturing overhead expenses. Net realizable value is the estimated selling
price less costs necessary to make the sale.

Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost, including borrowing costs incurred during the construction
period, less accumulated depreciation and impairment. The Company allocates the amount initially recognized in
respect of an item of property, plant and equipment to its significant parts, and depreciates separately each such
part. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis using rates based on the estimated useful lives of the assets.

                                                                             Useful life

    Buildings                                                              7 to 60 years
    Production equipment                                                   5 to 60 years
    Rolling stock                                                          3 to 20 years
    Office equipment                                                       2 to 10 years

The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
period. The depreciation expense is included in cost of sales in the consolidated statements of income.

Financial expenses

Borrowing costs are recognized as financial expenses in the consolidated statement of income in the period in
which they are incurred. Borrowing costs attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
assets are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended
use.

Leases

The Company leases certain property, plant and equipment and recognizes a right-of-use asset and liability at the
lease commencement date. Right-of-use assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the term of the
lease, and the related liabilities represent the obligation to make the lease payments arising from the lease. Right-
of-use assets and the related liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value
of the lease payments over the term of the lease, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that
rate cannot be readily determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate. Renewal and termination options are
included in the lease terms when it is reasonably certain that they will be exercised.

                                                                                                                    (4)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020




Lease payments comprise of fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments, the exercise price under a
purchase option that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in an optional renewal period
that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise and penalties for early termination of a lease if the Company is
reasonably certain to terminate. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost so as to
achieve a constant rate on the finance balance outstanding. The interest element of the finance cost is charged to
the consolidated statement of income over the lease term so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on
the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

The right‑of‑use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight‑line method from the commencement date to
the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Company by the end
of the lease term or the cost of the right‑of‑use asset reflects that the Company will exercise a purchase option. In
that case the right‑of‑use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined
on the same basis as those of property and equipment. The depreciation expense is included in cost of sales and
selling and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income.

The Company has elected not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a
lease-term of less than 12 months and leases of low-value assets. Payments associated with short-term leases and
low-value assets are charged to the consolidated statement of income on a straight-line basis over the term of the
lease.


Intangible assets

Intangible assets with finite useful lives are recorded at cost and are amortized over their useful lives. Intangible
assets with indefinite useful lives are recorded at cost and are not amortized. The amortization method and
estimate of the useful life of an intangible asset are reviewed on an annual basis.

                                                                     Method                       Useful life

    Software                                                    Straight-line                   5 to 10 years
    Customer relationships                                      Straight-line                        12 years
    Customer relationships                                 Declining balance                      4% to 20%
    Non-compete agreements                                      Straight-line                    3 to 5 years
    Creosote registration                                                   -                      Indefinite

Cutting rights are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment. Amortization is provided on the
basis of timber volumes harvested. Amortization amounts are charged to operations based on a pro rata
calculation of timber volumes harvested over the estimated volumes to be harvested during a 40 year period and
are applied against the historical cost.

Development costs that are directly attributable to the design, development, implementation, and testing of
identifiable software products are recognized as software if certain criteria are met, including technical feasibility
and intent and ability to develop and use the software to generate probable future economic benefits; otherwise
they are expensed as incurred. Directly attributable costs that are capitalized include software related, employee
and third-party development costs.



                                                                                                                  (5)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



The amortization expense is included in cost of sales and selling and administrative expense in the consolidated
statements of income.

The creosote registration is subject to an annual impairment test or more frequently if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that it might be impaired.

Goodwill

Goodwill is not amortized and tested annually for impairment, or more frequently, whenever indicators of
potential impairment exist. Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed. For the purpose of impairment
testing, goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit
from the business combination in which the goodwill arose. The Company defines CGUs as either plants
specialized in the treatment of utility poles and residential lumber or plants specialized in the treatment of railway
ties.

Impairment

Impairments are recorded when the recoverable amounts of assets are less than their carrying amounts. The
recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less cost of disposal and its value in use (being the
present value of the expected future cash flows of the relevant asset or CGU).

The carrying values of non-financial assets with finite lives, such as property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets with finite useful lives, are assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets that are not amortized are tested at least
annually for impairment or when events or changes in circumstances warrant such consideration. For the purpose
of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash
flows (CGUs). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that have suffered impairment are reviewed for possible
reversal of the impairment when events or changes in circumstances warrant such consideration.

Provisions

Provisions for site remediation and other provisions are recognized when the Company has a legal or constructive
obligation as a result of past events, when it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the
obligation and when a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. If some or all of the
expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed by another party, the reimbursement is
recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position as a separate asset, but only if it is virtually certain
that reimbursement will be received.

Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation
using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognized as a financial expense.

The Company considers the current portion of the provision to be an obligation whose settlement is expected to
occur within the next 12 months.

Site remediation obligations

Site remediation obligations relate to the discounted present value of estimated future expenditures associated
with the obligations of restoring the environmental integrity of certain properties. The Company reviews estimates

                                                                                                                  (6)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



of future site remediation expenditures on an ongoing basis and records any revisions, along with the accretion
expense on existing obligations, in other losses, net in the consolidated statement of income.

At each reporting date, the liability is remeasured for changes in discount rates and in the estimate of the amount,
timing and cost of the work to be carried out.

Income taxes

The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current year’s taxable income based on
the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the
end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company operates and generates taxable income.
Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax
regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected
to be paid to the tax authorities.

Deferred income tax is recognized using the liability method on temporary differences arising between the tax
bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However,
deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income
tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a
business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.
Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by
the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or
the deferred income tax liability is settled.

Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilize
those temporary differences and losses.

Employee future benefits

Defined benefit pension plan

The Company accrues obligations and related costs under defined benefit pension plans, net of plan assets. The
cost of pensions earned by employees is actuarially determined using the projected unit credit method and
Management’s best estimate of expected plan investment performance, salary escalation, retirement ages of
employees and discount rates on obligations. Past service costs from plan amendments are recognized in net
income when incurred. Remeasurements consisting of actuarial gains and losses, the actual return on plan assets
(excluding the net interest component) and any change in the asset ceiling are charged or credited to other
comprehensive income (loss). These amounts are recognized immediately in retained earnings without recycling
to the consolidated statements of income in subsequent periods.

Other post-employment benefit programs

The Company provides other post-employment benefits to certain retirees. The entitlement to these benefits is
usually conditional on the employee remaining in service up to retirement age and the completion of a minimum
service period. The expected costs of these benefits are attributed from the date when service by the employee
first leads to benefits under the plan, until the date when further service by the employee will lead to no material

                                                                                                                      (7)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



amount of further benefits. The cost of future benefits earned by employees is established by actuarial calculations
using the projected benefit method pro-rated on years of service based on Management’s best estimate of
economic and demographic assumptions. Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and
changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to other comprehensive income (loss) in the period in
which they arise and are recognized immediately in retained earnings without recycling to the consolidated
statements of income in subsequent periods.

Share-based payments

The Company operates a number of equity-settled and cash-settled share-based compensation plans under which
it receives services from employees and non-executive directors as consideration for equity instruments of the
Company or cash payments. Equity-settled share-based payments are comprised of the stock option plan and
cash-settled share-based payments include restricted stock units (“RSUs”), performance stock units (“PSU’s”) and
deferred share units (“DSUs”).

Equity-settled plan

The Company accounts for stock options granted to employees using the fair value method. Under this method,
compensation expense for stock options granted is measured at fair value at the grant date using the Black-
Scholes option pricing model and is recognized in the consolidated statements of income over the vesting period
of the options granted, with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus. For options with graded vesting, each
tranche is considered a separate grant with a different vesting date and fair value. Any consideration paid on the
exercise of stock options is credited to capital stock together with any related share-based compensation expense
included in contributed surplus.

Cash-settled plan

The Company has liability-based awards, RSUs, PSUs and DSUs, which are initially measured at fair value at the
grant date using an option pricing model. Until the liability is settled, the fair value of that liability is remeasured
at each reporting date, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statements of income. The
compensation expenses are recognized in the consolidated statements of income over the vesting periods, based
on the fair value of the awards at the end of each reporting period.

Financial instruments

The Company recognizes a financial asset or a financial liability in its consolidated statement of financial position
when it becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. At initial recognition, the Company
measures a financial asset or a financial liability at its fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset or a
financial liability not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
acquisition or issue of the financial asset or the financial liability.




                                                                                                                      (8)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



Financial assets

The Company will classify financial assets as subsequently measured at amortized cost, fair value through other
comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss, based on its business model for managing the financial
asset and the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics. The three categories are defined as follows:

a) Amortized cost - a financial asset is measured at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met:

    –   the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual
        cash flows; and

    –   the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
        payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

b) Fair value through other comprehensive income - financial assets are classified and measured at fair value
   through other comprehensive income if they are held in a business model whose objective is achieved by both
   collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets

c) Fair value through profit or loss - any financial assets that are not held in one of the two business models
   mentioned in a) and b) are measured at fair value through profit or loss.

If the Company changes its business model for managing financial assets it must reclassify all affected financial
assets.

The Company’s financial assets are comprised of cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable and derivative
financial instruments. Cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable are measured at amortized cost.

Derivative financial instruments that are not designated as hedging instruments are measured at fair value through
profit or loss. Derivative financial instruments that are designated as hedging instruments are measured at fair
value through other comprehensive income.

A financial asset is derecognized when the Company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset
and has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset or the contractual rights to the cash flows
from the financial asset expire.

When the transfer of a customer receivable results in the derecognition of the asset, the corresponding cash
proceeds are classified as cash flows from operating activities.

Financial liabilities

The Company’s financial liabilities include accounts payable and accrued liabilities, short-term debt, long-term
debt and derivative financial instruments. Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, short-term debt and long-term
debt are measured at amortized cost. Derivative financial instruments that are not designated as hedging
instruments are initially recognized at fair value and are re-measured at each reporting date with any changes
therein recognized in profit or loss. After initial recognition, an entity cannot reclassify any financial liability.

The Company derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled, or
expire. The Company also derecognizes a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the
modified liability are substantially different, in which case a new financial liability based on the modified terms is

                                                                                                                   (9)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



recognized at fair value. On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount
extinguished and the consideration paid is recognized in net income.

Impairment

The Company assesses, on a forward-looking basis, the expected credit losses associated with its financial assets
carried at amortized cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant
increase in credit risk. For trade receivables, the Company applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9,
Financial Instruments, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the
receivables.

Hedging transactions

As part of its hedging strategy, the Company considers derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange
forward contracts to limit its exposure under contracted cash inflows of sales denominated in U.S. dollars. The
Company also considers interest rate swap agreements in order to reduce the impact of fluctuating interest rates
on its short-term and long-term debt. At inception of designated hedging relationships, the Company documents
the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The Company also documents the
economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument. These derivative financial
instruments are treated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes and are fair valued through other
comprehensive income.

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash
flow hedges is recognized in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective
portion is recognized immediately in profit or loss, within other losses, net.

When forward contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Company generally designates only the
change in fair value of the forward contract related to the spot component as the hedging instrument. Gains or
losses relating to the effective portion of the change in the spot component of the forward contracts are recognized
in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity. The change in the forward element of the contract that relates to the
hedged item is recognized within other comprehensive income in the costs of hedging reserve within equity. In
some cases, the Company may designate the full change in fair value of the forward contract (including forward
points) as the hedging instrument. In such cases, the gains or losses relating to the effective portion of the change
in fair value of the entire forward contract are recognized in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity. Amounts
accumulated in equity are reclassified in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss.

When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for
hedge accounting, any cumulative deferred gain or loss and deferred costs of hedging in equity at that time
remains in equity until the forecast transaction occurs. When the forecast transaction is no longer expected to
occur, the cumulative gain or loss and deferred costs of hedging that were reported in equity are immediately
reclassified to net income.

Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net income for the period attributable to the common
shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year.

Diluted earnings per share is calculated using the treasury stock method. Under this method, earnings per share
data are computed as if the options were exercised at the beginning of the year (or at the time of issuance, if later)

                                                                                                                 (10)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2021 and 2020



    and as if the funds obtained from exercise were used to purchase common shares of the Company at the average
    market price during the period.

    Segment reporting

    Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
    decision maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
    performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the senior management team, which makes
    strategic and operational decisions.

3   Critical accounting estimates and judgements

    The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires Management to make
    estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
    assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
    during the reporting period. Significant items subject to estimates and assumptions include the estimated useful
    life of assets, recoverability of long-lived assets and goodwill and determination of the fair value of the assets
    acquired and liabilities assumed in the context of an acquisition. Management also makes estimates and
    assumptions in the context of business combination mainly with sales forecast, margin forecast, income tax rate
    and discount rate. It is possible that actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences could be
    material. Estimates are reviewed periodically and, as adjustments become necessary, they are reported in the
    consolidated statement of income in the period in which they become known.

4   Business acquisitions

    On November 19, 2021, the Company, through a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary, completed the acquisition of
    Cahaba Pressure Treated Forest Products, Inc. (“Cahaba Pressure”) and Cahaba Timber, Inc. (“Cahaba Timber”)
    for a combined total purchase price of $129 million (US$102 million). Cahaba Pressure manufactures, distributes
    and sells treated and untreated wood poles, crossties and posts and provides custom treating services. Cahaba
    Timber is a producer of treated poles and pilings and engages in raw material procurement. Both wood treating
    facilities are located in Brierfield, Alabama and were acquired for synergistic reasons.

    The cash outlay associated with these acquisitions was $129 million (US$102 million), excluding acquisition-
    related costs of less than a million dollars recognized in the consolidated statement of income under selling and
    administrative expenses. The Company financed these acquisitions through its existing credit facilities.

    As at the reporting date, the Company had not completed the purchase price allocation to the fair value of the
    identifiable net assets and goodwill acquired. The fair value determination of the assets acquired and liabilities
    assumed was based on Management’s best estimates and information known at the time of preparing these
    consolidated financial statements. This fair value determination is expected to be completed within 12 months of
    the acquisition date and consequently, significant changes could occur mainly with respect to intangible assets,
    goodwill and deferred income taxes. The information that was available to the Company was affected by the
    proximity of the acquisitions to its year-end. If new information obtained about facts and circumstances that
    existed at the date of acquisition identifies adjustments to the below amounts, or any additional provisions that
    existed at the date of acquisition, the accounting for these acquisitions will be revised.




                                                                                                                     (11)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



The following is a preliminary summary of the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and the consideration
transferred at fair value as at the acquisition date. The original transaction was made in U.S. dollars and converted
into Canadian dollars as at the acquisition date.

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)
Assets acquired
Accounts receivable                                                                                               4
Inventories                                                                                                      13
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                    34
Intangible assets                                                                                                39
Goodwill                                                                                                         62
                                                                                                                152

Liabilities assumed
Accounts payable                                                                                                  1
Other long-term liabilities                                                                                       3
Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                                  19
                                                                                                                 23

Total net assets acquired and liabilities assumed                                                               129

Purchase consideration                                                                                          129

The trade receivables comprise gross contractual amounts of four million dollars, which were expected to be
collectible.

The Company’s valuation of intangible assets has mainly identified customer relationships having a useful life of
12 years. Significant assumptions used in the determination of intangible assets, as defined by Management,
include year-over-year sales growth, discount rate and operating income before depreciation and amortization
margin. Goodwill is non-deductible for U.S. tax purposes, and represents the future economic value associated
with the enhanced procurement network, acquired workforce and synergies with the Company’s operations. For
impairment test purposes, goodwill is allocated to CGUs as defined in the Company’s accounting policies.
Goodwill is allocated to a CGU defined as plants specialized in the treatment of utility poles and residential
lumber.

In the period from November 19, 2021 to December 31, 2021, the combined sales and net income of Cahaba
Pressure and Cahaba Timber amounted to six million dollars and less than a million dollars, respectively.




                                                                                                                (12)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2021 and 2020



5   Accounts receivable

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                               2021                    2020

    Trade receivables                                                                        218                     194
    Less: Credit loss allowance                                                               —                       (1)

    Trade receivables – net                                                                  218                     193
    Other receivables                                                                         12                      15

                                                                                             230                     208

    The aging of gross trade receivables at each reporting date was as follows:

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                               2021                    2020

    Current                                                                                  148                     147
    Past due 1-30 days                                                                        41                      26
    Past due 31-60 days                                                                       10                      11
    Past due more than 60 days                                                                19                      10

                                                                                             218                     194

    In the normal course of its business, the Company has entered into facilities with certain financial institutions
    whereby it can sell, without credit recourse, eligible receivables to the concerned financial institutions. During the
    year ended December 31, 2021, trade receivables of $219 million ($146 million in 2020) were sold under these
    facilities.

6   Inventories




    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                               2021                    2020

    Raw materials                                                                            692                     693
    Finished goods                                                                           414                     382

                                                                                           1,106                   1,075




                                                                                                                     (13)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2021 and 2020



7   Property, plant and equipment

                                                                  Production   Rolling
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)    Land   Buildings equipment     stock    Others   Total

    As at January 1, 2020
    Cost                                          57         131        488        31       18     725
    Accumulated depreciation                      —          (26)       (99)      (21)     (11)   (157)

    Net book amount                               57         105        389        10        7     568

    Year ended December 31, 2020
    Opening net book amount                       57         105        389        10        7     568
    Additions                                      2           3         34        —         4      43
    Disposals / impairments                       —           —          (2)       (1)      —       (3)
    Depreciation                                  —           (4)       (17)       (2)      (3)    (26)
    Exchange differences                          (1)         (1)        (6)       —        —       (8)

    Closing net book amount                       58         103        398         7        8     574

    As at December 31, 2020
    Cost                                          58         133        512        28       20     751
    Accumulated depreciation                      —          (30)      (114)      (21)     (12)   (177)

    Net book amount                               58         103        398         7        8     574

    Year ended December 31, 2021
    Opening net book amount                       58         103        398         7        8     574
    Business acquisitions                          1          10         18         5       —       34
    Additions                                      2           5         37         2        2      48
    Disposals / impairments                       —           —          (1)       (1)      —       (2)
    Depreciation                                  —           (4)       (18)       (2)      (1)    (25)

    Closing net book amount                       61         114        434        11        9     629

    As at December 31, 2021
    Cost                                          61         147        566        31       22     827
    Accumulated depreciation                      —          (33)      (132)      (20)     (13)   (198)

    Net book amount                               61         114        434        11        9     629




                                                                                                   (14)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2021 and 2020



8   Leases

    The consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to leases:

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                               2021                   2020

    Right-of use assets
    Rolling stock                                                                           112                     107
    Land                                                                                     21                      24
    Other assets                                                                              5                       4
                                                                                            138                     135

    Lease liabilities
    Current lease liabilities                                                                35                      33
    Non-current lease liabilities                                                           109                     106
                                                                                            144                     139

    The following table provides a reconciliation of the right-of-use assets, presented in the consolidated statements of
    financial position for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

    Right-of-use
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)            Rolling stock            Land     Other assets           Total

    As at January 1, 2020                                           82               28               6             116
    Additions                                                       50               —                1              51
    Disposals                                                       (2)              —               —               (2)
    Depreciation                                                   (31)              (4)             (3)            (38)
    Remeasurement                                                   10               —               —               10
    Exchange differences                                            (2)              —               —               (2)
    As at December 31, 2020                                        107               24               4             135

    Additions                                                       37                1               3              41
    Disposals                                                       (1)              —               —               (1)
    Depreciation                                                   (31)              (4)             (3)            (38)
    Remeasurement                                                   —                —                1               1
    As at December 31, 2021                                        112               21               5             138




                                                                                                                    (15)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2021 and 2020



    The following table provides a reconciliation of the lease liabilities, presented in the consolidated statements of
    financial position for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

    Lease liabilities
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)             Rolling stock            Land     Other assets           Total

    As at January 1, 2020                                            82               30               6             118
    Payments under lease agreements                                 (32)              (4)             (3)            (39)
    Finance costs                                                     3                1              —                4
    Additions                                                        50               —                1              51
    Lease termination payments                                       (2)              —               —               (2)
    Remeasurement                                                    10               —               —               10
    Exchange differences                                             (3)              —               —               (3)
    As at December 31, 2020                                         108               27               4             139

    Payments under lease agreements                                 (32)              (4)             (3)            (39)
    Finance costs                                                     3                1              —                4
    Additions                                                        37                1               3              41
    Lease termination payments                                       (1)              —               —               (1)
    Remeasurement                                                    —                —                1               1
    Exchange differences                                             (1)              —               —               (1)
    As at December 31, 2021                                         114               25               5             144

    The Company leases various rolling stock (mobile equipment, road vehicles and rail cars), land and other assets.
    Leases are typically made for fixed periods of one to 10 years and may have extension options that are considered
    when it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised.

    Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The
    lease agreements do not impose any covenants, but leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing
    purposes.

    Extension and termination options are included in a number of leases across the Company. These terms are used
    to maximize operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. The majority of extension and termination
    options held are exercisable only by the Company and not by the respective lessor.

9   Intangible assets and goodwill

    The intangible assets include customer relationships, creosote registration, software, cutting rights and non-
    compete agreements.

    Customer relationships comprise long-term agreements with certain customers and ongoing business
    relationships. The acquisition cost was established based on future benefits associated with these relationships.




                                                                                                                      (16)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



Impairment tests for goodwill

Goodwill is allocated for impairment testing purposes to CGUs which reflect how it is monitored for internal
management purposes.

The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined based on fair value less cost to dispose (“FVLCTD”)
calculations. The fair value measurement was categorised as a Level 3 fair value based on the inputs in the
valuation technique used. FVLCTD calculations use cash flow projections covering a five-year period that are
based on the latest financial budgets for revenue and cost as approved by senior management. Cash flow
projections beyond five years are based on a growth rate not exceeding gross domestic product for the respective
countries and one percent real growth rates are assumed in perpetuity for most of the businesses given the
commodity nature of the majority of the products (i.e. volume growth is assumed to be offset by real price
declines). Post-tax cash flow projections are discounted using a real post-tax discount rate of 8%, that is based on
past experience, and industry average weighted average cost of capital. The assumptions used in calculating
FVLCTD have considered the current economic environment.

The carrying value of goodwill is allocated to the following CGUs:

CGUs
(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                      2021            2020
Plants specialized in the treatment of utility poles and residential lumber                    198              136
Plants specialized in the treatment of railway ties                                            143              144
                                                                                               341              280

Impairment tests for intangible assets with indefinite useful life

The only intangible asset with indefinite useful life is the creosote registration. This registration provides the
Company with the right to produce and sell creosote out of its Memphis, Tennessee facility. The Company’s
approach to creosote supply is to produce a portion of its requirements and to buy the remainder on the open
market. As a result, the creosote registration procures the advantage of being able to produce, which is less
expensive than buying on the market.

The recoverable amount of the creosote registration is determined based on value-in-use calculations. Value-in-
use calculations use cash flow projections covering a five-year period that are based on the latest financial budgets
for cost savings as approved by senior management. Cash flow projections beyond five years are based on a
growth rate not exceeding domestic product for the respective countries and one percent real growth rates are
assumed in perpetuity for most of the business given the commodity nature of the majority of the products (i.e.
volume growth is assumed to be offset by real price declines). Pre-tax cash flow projections are discounted using
a real pre-tax discount rate of 11%.




                                                                                                                (17)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2021 and 2020



   The net book amount of these intangible assets and goodwill was as follows:

                                                                        Intangible assets
                                                                                                  Non-
    (Amounts in millions of       Customer        Creosote                     Cutting         compete
    Canadian dollars)          relationships   registration   Software          rights      agreements    Others    Total   Goodwill

    As at January 1, 2020
    Cost                                159             40         12                 7             17        12     247        285
    Accumulated amortization           (100)            —          (5)               (2)           (15)      (10)   (132)        —

    Net book amount                      59             40          7                5               2         2     115        285

    Year ended December 31,
    2020
    Opening net book balance             59             40          7                5              2         2      115        285
    Additions                            —              —          14               —              —         —        14         —
    Amortization                         (9)            —          (2)              —              (1)       —       (12)        —
    Exchange differences                 (1)            (1)        —                —              —         —        (2)        (5)

    Closing net book amount              49             39         19                5               1         2     115        280

    As at December 31, 2020
    Cost                                121             39         26                 7              6        12     211        280
    Accumulated amortization            (72)            —          (7)               (2)            (5)      (10)    (96)        —

    Net book amount                      49             39         19                5               1         2     115        280

    Year ended December 31,
    2021
    Opening net book balance             49             39         19                5              1         2      115        280
    Business acquisitions                38             —          —                —              —          1       39         62
    Additions                            —              —          15               —              —         —        15         —
    Amortization                         (7)            —          (3)              —              (1)       —       (11)        —
    Exchange differences                 —              —          —                —              —         —        —          (1)

    Closing net book amount              80             39         31                5             —           3     158        341

    As at December 31, 2021
    Cost                                158             39         40                 7            —         10      254        341
    Accumulated amortization            (78)            —          (9)               (2)           —         (7)     (96)        —

    Net book amount                      80             39         31                5             —           3     158        341




10 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                             2021                2020

    Trade payables                                                                                          57                  55
    Accrued expenses                                                                                        82                  61
    Other payables                                                                                          23                  21

                                                                                                           162                 137



                                                                                                                               (18)
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2021 and 2020



11 Short-term debt

   In 2021, the demand loan agreement was amended to increase the amount available under the credit facility from
   US$50 million to US$100 million until June 30, 2021. The demand loan agreement provided financing under
   terms and conditions similar to those under the syndicated credit agreement (see note 12(a)). During the year
   ended December 31, 2021, the Company terminated and canceled the facility.

   In 2021, the Company entered into a bridge term loan agreement for US$100 million with a lender within the U.S.
   farm credit system. During the 12 months ended December 31, 2021, the US$100 million of indebtedness
   advanced under the bridge loan facility was repaid in full (see note 12).

12 Long-term debt

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                     Note                  2021                   2020

   Unsecured revolving credit facilities                     12(a)(b)                   252                    271
   Unsecured term loan facility                               12(b)                     253                     —
   Unsecured senior notes                                     12(c)                     190                    191
   Unsecured non-revolving term facility                      12(a)                      32                    127
   Unsecured promissory notes                                 12(d)                      —                      10
   Secured promissory note                                    12(e)                       5                      5
   Other                                                                                  2                      3
                                                                                        734                    607
   Deferred financing costs                                                              —                      (1)
                                                                                        734                    606
   Less: Current portion of long-term debt                                               33                     11
                                                                                        701                    595

   a)     Unsecured Syndicated Credit Facilities

          Under the terms of the sixth amended and restated credit agreement dated as at May 3, 2019, as amended
          on February 24, 2020, October 30, 2020 and July 30, 2021 (the “Syndicated Credit Agreement”), the
          following syndicated credit facilities are made available to the Company by a syndicate of lenders: (i) an
          unsecured revolving facility in the amount of US$325 million maturing on February 27, 2026 and (ii) an
          unsecured non-revolving term facility in the amount of US$25 million maturing on February 28, 2022. As
          at December 31, 2021, the Syndicated Credit Agreement provided financing up to US$350 million and
          makes available an accordion option. Upon request, the Company may increase the syndicated credit
          facilities by increasing the amount of one or more of the syndicated credit facilities or by adding one or
          more new non-revolving single draw term loans, in each case, up to an aggregate amount of US$350
          million, provided that no more than five term loans in total may be outstanding at any time. The Company
          may obtain such new term loans upon written request and are subject to lenders’ approval.

          Borrowings under the syndicated credit facilities may be obtained in the form of Canadian prime rate
          loans, bankers’ acceptances (“BAs”), U.S. base rate loans, LIBOR loans in U.S. dollars and letters of
          credit. The interest rate margin will range from 0.00% to 1.25% with respect to Canadian prime rate loans
          and U.S. base rate loans and from 1.00% to 2.25% with respect to BAs, LIBOR loans and fees for letters
          of credit, in each case based on a leverage ratio.

                                                                                                               (19)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020




       The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements in order to reduce the impact of fluctuating
       interest rates on its debt. Details of the outstanding interest rate swap agreements as at December 31, 2021
       are provided in Note 20, Financial instruments and management of financial risk.

       As at December 31, 2021, borrowings by Canadian entities denominated in U.S. dollars represented $62
       million (US$49 million).

       In order to maintain the syndicated credit facilities in place, the Company needs to comply with
       affirmative covenants, negative covenants, reporting requirements and financial ratios. The Company is
       required to maintain a net funded debt-to-EBITDA ratio of no more than 3.50:1 and an interest coverage
       ratio equal to or greater than 3.00:1, which are measured on a quarterly basis. As at December 31, 2021,
       the Company was in full compliance with these covenants, requirements and ratios.

b)     Unsecured Senior U.S. Farm Credit Facilities

       On April 29, 2021 (the “Closing Date”), the Company entered into a credit agreement (the “U.S. Farm
       Credit Agreement”) pursuant to which unsecured senior credit facilities in an aggregate amount of up to
       US$350 million were made available by a syndicate of lenders within the U.S. farm credit system. The
       U.S. Farm Credit Agreement provides a term loan facility of up to US$250 million with a delayed draw
       period of up to three years, and the choice of maturities of five to 10 years from the date of drawing,
       provided the final maturity of any term loan is not more than 10 years from the Closing Date (or, the
       “Term Loan Facility”), and a five-year revolving credit facility of up to US$100 million with a maturity
       date of April 29, 2026 (or, the “Revolving Credit Facility”). On the Closing Date, a drawdown of US$100
       million was made under the Revolving Credit Facility, and the proceeds thereof were used to repay in full
       the bridge term loan. There is also an uncommitted option to increase the unsecured senior credit facilities
       by up to an additional US$150 million, subject to certain terms and conditions.

       The obligations under the unsecured senior credit facilities are guaranteed by Stella-Jones Inc. and certain
       subsidiaries of the Company. Interest rates under the Revolving Credit Facility are based, at the
       Company’s election, on either a floating rate based on the LIBOR, or a base rate, in each case plus a
       margin over the index. The Term Loan Facility bears interest, at the Company’s election, at either a
       floating rate based on LIBOR, or a base rate, in each case plus a margin over the index, or at a fixed rate
       based on the farm credit system cost of funds plus an applicable margin set at the time of each tranche
       draw. The base rate is the highest of (i) the prime rate; and (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.5%. The
       applicable margin over the index fluctuates quarterly based upon (a) the Company’s funded debt-to-
       EBITDA ratio; and (b) in the case of the loans under the Term Loan Facility, the maturity date of such
       loans. For loans under the Revolving Credit Facility, the applicable margin ranges from 0.5% to 1.25%
       for base rate loans, and from 1.5% to 2.25% for LIBOR loans. For floating rate loans under the Term
       Loan Facility, the applicable margin over the index ranges from 0.5% to 1.5% for base rate loans, and
       from 1.5% to 2.5% for LIBOR loans. For fixed rate loans under the Term Loan Facility, the applicable
       margin over the farm credit system cost of funds is set at 1.5% to 1.75%, based on the maturity date of
       each tranche draw. With respect to US$125 million of floating term loans borrowed during the year ended
       December 31, 2021, the Company and the syndicate of farm lenders agreed to set the applicable margin
       over the index at 1.725%, subject to the Company entering into an interest rate swap agreement. Details
       of the interest swap agreement is provided in Note 20, Financial instruments and management of
       financial risk.



                                                                                                              (20)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



       The unsecured senior credit facilities are eligible for patronage refunds. Patronage refunds are
       distributions of profits from lenders in the farm credit system, which are cooperatives that are required to
       distribute profits to their members. Patronage distributions, in the form of cash, are received in the year
       after they were earned. Future refunds are dependent on future farm credit lender profits, made at the
       discretion of each farm credit lender.

       In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the unsecured senior credit facilities, a fee is
       payable in respect of unutilized commitments based on the average daily utilization for the prior fiscal
       quarter ranging from 0.15% to 0.35% per annum under the Revolving Credit Facility and 0.20% for the
       Term Loan Facility during the delay draw period.

       Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility, other than fixed rate term loans,
       may be prepaid from time to time at the company’s discretion without premium or penalty but subject to
       breakage costs, if any, in the case of LIBOR loans. If all or any portion of a fixed rate term loan is
       prepaid, a prepayment premium may apply. Amounts repaid on the Term Loan Facility may not be
       subsequently re-borrowed. Principal amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility may be drawn, repaid,
       and redrawn until April 28, 2026.

       Pursuant to the U.S. Farm Credit Agreement, the Company is required to maintain (i) a net funded debt-
       to-EBITDA ratio of no more than 3.50:1; (ii) an interest coverage ratio equal to or greater than 3.00:1 and
       (iii) a priority debt to equity ratio not more than 15%, which are measured on a quarterly basis. As at
       December 31, 2021, the Company was in full compliance with these covenants, requirements and ratios.

       In addition, the U.S. Farm Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative covenants, including, but not
       limited to, delivery of financial and other information to the administrative agent, delivery of notice to the
       administrative agent upon the occurrence of certain material events, preservation of existence and
       authorizations, maintenance of insurance, compliance with laws, use of proceeds, and payment of taxes
       and other claims. The unsecured senior credit facilities include customary representations, warranties and
       events of default subject to customary grace periods and notice requirements.

c)     Unsecured Senior Notes

       On January 17, 2017, the Company concluded a US$150 private placement with certain U.S. investors.
       Pursuant to the private placement, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement providing for the
       issuance by Stella-Jones Inc. of senior notes - series A in the aggregate amount of US$75 bearing interest
       at 3.54% payable in a single installment at maturity on January 17, 2024 and senior notes – series B in the
       aggregate amount of US$75 bearing interest at 3.81%, payable in a single installment at maturity on
       January 17, 2027. Such notes are unsecured and proceeds were used to reimburse a portion of the
       revolving credit facility then outstanding. The notes were designated as hedges of net investment in
       foreign operations.

       In order to maintain the senior notes in place, the Company is required to comply with affirmative
       covenants, negative covenants, reporting requirements and financial ratios comprised of a net funded
       debt-to-EBITDA ratio of not more than 3.50:1, an interest coverage ratio equal to or greater than 2.50:1
       and a priority debt to equity ratio not more than 15%, which are measured on a quarterly basis. As at
       December 31, 2021, the Company was in full compliance with these covenants, requirements and ratios.




                                                                                                                (21)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



d)    Unsecured Promissory Notes

       Pursuant to two business acquisitions dated June 3, 2016, the Company issued two unsecured promissory
       notes totaling $18 million (US$14 million) bearing interest at 1.41%. The notes were initially recorded at
       a fair value totaling $15 million (US$12 million) using an effective interest rate of 5.00%. The difference
       between the face value and the fair value of the notes was being accreted on an effective yield basis over
       its term. The remaining promissory notes, including interest, were repaid in full in 2021.

e)     Secured Promissory Note

       As part of a business acquisition dated June 3, 2016, the Company assumed a promissory note in the
       amount of $8 million (US$6 million), bearing interest at 5.76% and secured by the land of the Pineville
       facility. The note was initially recorded at a fair value of $9 million (US$7 million) using an effective
       interest rate of 4.00%. The difference between the face value and the fair value of the note is being
       accreted on an effective yield basis over its term. The note is payable in quarterly installments up to July
       2028.


f)     The repayment requirements on the long-term debt during the next five years and thereafter are as
       follows:

       (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                        Principal

       2022                                                                                                    33
       2023                                                                                                     1
       2024                                                                                                    96
       2025                                                                                                     1
       2026                                                                                                   276
       Thereafter                                                                                             327
                                                                                                              734

g)     The aggregate fair value of the Company’s long-term debt was estimated at $747 million as at
       December 31, 2021 (2020 – $619 million) based on discounted future cash flows, using interest rates
       available to the Company for issues with similar terms and average maturities.




                                                                                                              (22)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2021 and 2020




13 Provisions and other long-term liabilities

                                                     Provisions                  Other long-term liabilities
                                                                            Share-based        Non-
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian          Site                             payment    competes                   Grand
    dollars)                           remediation       Others     Total         plans     payable          Total    total


    Balance as at January 1, 2020               9             2       11              5            3            8       19

    Additions                                   6              8      14              5           —             5       19
    Provision reversal                         —              (1)     (1)            —            —            —        (1)
    Payments                                   (3)            (1)     (4)            —            (2)          (2)      (6)

    Balance as at December 31, 2020            12             8       20             10            1           11       31

    Business acquisitions                       3            —         3             —            —            —         3
    Additions                                   4            —         4              4           —             4        8
    Provision reversal                         —             —        —              —            —            —        —
    Payments                                   (3)           (2)      (5)           (10)          (1)         (11)     (16)

    Balance as at December 31, 2021            16             6       22              4           —             4       26


    Current portion                             3             6        9              2           —             2       11
    Non-current portion                        13            —        13              2           —             2       15
                                               16             6       22              4           —             4       26


   The Company’s share-based payment plans consist of cash-settled restricted stock unit, performance stock unit
   and deferred share unit plans.

   Restricted stock units (RSUs) and Performance stock units (PSUs)

   Under the Stock Unit Plan (SUP) approved by Company’s Board of Directors in December 2019, RSUs and PSUs
   are granted to certain executives and key employees of the Company. Under the SUP, RSUs and PSUs entitle the
   holders to receive a cash payment equal to the average closing price on the TSX of the Company’s common
   shares for the five trading days preceding the vesting date multiplied by a factor which ranges from 0% to 200%
   based on the attainment of performance criteria and/or market conditions set out pursuant to the plan, provided the
   individual is still employed by the Company at time of vesting. RSUs vest ratably over a period of three years and
   PSUs are paid three years after the grant date. The SUP replaces the previous long-term incentive plan.




                                                                                                                       (23)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



Changes in outstanding RSUs are as follows:

                                                                                   2021                  2020

RSUs outstanding - Beginning of year                                            266,750               270,238
Granted                                                                          64,517                    —
Vested                                                                         (213,855)                   —
Forfeited                                                                       (13,449)               (3,488)
RSUs outstanding - End of year                                                  103,963               266,750

As at December 31, 2021, the outstanding RSUs included 44,789 RSUs (December 31, 2020 - 52,894 RSUs)
granted under the previous plan.

Changes in outstanding PSUs are as follows:
                                                                                   2021                  2020

PSUs outstanding - Beginning of year                                                 —                     —
Granted                                                                          32,258                    —
Forfeited                                                                        (2,860)                   —
PSUs outstanding - End of year                                                   29,398                    —

Deferred share units (DSUs)

DSUs entitle non-executive directors of the Company to receive a minimum participation amount in the form of
DSUs and may elect to participate in the DSU plan for a portion of their Board fees. Such deferred remuneration
is converted to DSUs based on the average closing price of the Company’s common shares on the TSX of the five
trading days immediately preceding the date such awards are granted to the non-employee director. All DSUs vest
and are settled for cash when a non-employee director ceases to act as a director.

Changes in outstanding DSUs are as follows:

                                                                                   2021                  2020

DSUs outstanding - Beginning of year                                              6,375                 2,126
Granted                                                                          13,756                 4,249
DSUs outstanding - End of year                                                   20,131                 6,375




                                                                                                          (24)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2021 and 2020



14 Cash flow information

   The following table presents the movements in the liabilities from financing activities for the years ended
   December 31, 2021 and 2020:

                                                               Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                    Revolving
                                                        Short-term Long-term            credit        Lease
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                 debt           debt    facilities   liabilities        Total

    Balance as at January 1, 2020                                —          (350)         (254)         (118)         (722)
    Cash flows, net                                              —             8           (20)           35            23
    Foreign exchange adjustments                                 —             7             3             3            13
    Lease additions                                              —            —             —            (51)          (51)
    Other non-cash movements                                     —            —             —             (8)           (8)

    Balance as at December 31, 2020                              —          (335)         (271)         (139)         (745)

    Cash flows, net                                              (2)        (142)           13            35           (96)
    Foreign exchange adjustments                                  2           (5)            6             1             4
    Lease additions                                              —            —             —            (41)          (41)
    Balance as at December 31, 2021                              —          (482)         (252)         (144)         (878)

15 Capital stock, earnings per share and dividends

   The following table provides the number of common shares outstanding for the years ended December 31:

                                                                                            2021                      2020

    Number of common shares outstanding – Beginning of year                         66,187,404                  67,466,709
    Common shares repurchased                                                       (2,447,419)                 (1,331,455)
    Stock option exercised                                                                  —                       15,000
    Employee share purchase plans                                                       33,267                      37,150

    Number of common shares outstanding – End of year                               63,773,252                  66,187,404

   a)       Capital stock:

            The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of common shares and an unlimited number of
            referred shares, issuable in series.

            All issued shares are fully paid. The common shares provide for the right to receive notice of, attend and
            vote at all meetings of shareholders and receive dividends, subject to the prior rights of the preferred
            shares and any other shares ranking senior to the common shares. To date, the Company has not issued
            any preferred shares.



                                                                                                                       (25)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020




b)     Normal Course Issuer Bid

       On March 9, 2021, the Company received approval from the TSX to amend the Normal Course Issuer Bid
       (“NCIB”) accepted by the TSX on August 4, 2020 in order to increase the maximum number of common
       shares that may be repurchased for cancellation from 2,500,000 to 3,500,000 common shares during the
       12-month period commencing August 10, 2020 and ending August 9, 2021 (the “2020-2021 NCIB”). The
       amendment to the 2020-2021 NCIB was effective on March 15, 2021.

       On November 8, 2021, the TSX accepted Stella-Jones’ Notice of Intention to Make a NCIB to purchase
       for cancellation up to 4,000,000 common shares during the 12-month period commencing November 12,
       2021 and ending November 11, 2022, representing approximately 8% of the public float of its common
       shares (“2021-2022” NCIB).

       During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased for cancellation 1,725,871 common
       shares under the 2020-2021 NCIB (December 31, 2020 - 1,331,455 common shares) and 721,548
       common shares under the 2021-2022 NCIB for a total cash consideration of $108 million (December 31,
       2020 - $60 million), representing an average price of $44.14 per common share. For the year ended
       December 31, 2021, the Company’s capital stock was reduced by eight million dollars (December 31,
       2020 – four million dollars) and the remaining $100 million (December 31, 2020 – $56 million) was
       accounted for as a decrease in retained earnings.


c)     Stock option plan

       The Company has a stock option plan (the “Plan”) for directors, officers and employees whereby the
       Board of Directors or a committee appointed for such purpose (“Committee”) may, from time to time,
       grant to directors, officers or employees of the Company options to acquire common shares in such
       numbers, for such terms and at such exercise prices as are determined by the Board of Directors or such
       Committee.

       The aggregate number of common shares in respect of which options may be granted is 4,800,000. Each
       option shall be exercisable during a period established by the Board of Directors or Committee, and the
       term of the option may not exceed 10 years. The Company has not granted any stock options since 2015
       and all outstanding options expire in 2025.




                                                                                                         (26)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



       Changes in the number of options outstanding under the Plan were as follows:

                                                                      2021                       2020
                                                                             Weighted                   Weighted
                                                                              average                    average
                                                               Number         exercise    Number         exercise
                                                              of options        price*   of options        price*
                                                                                     $                          $
       Outstanding – Beginning of year                           30,000         49.01       45,000         40.05
       Exercised                                                     —              —      (15,000)        22.13
       Outstanding and exercisable – End of year                 30,000         49.01       30,000         49.01
       * Exercise price is presented in dollars per option.

       The options outstanding under the Plan as at December 31, 2021 were granted in November 2015.

d)     Employee share purchase plans

       The aggregate number of common shares reserved for issuance under the Company’s employee share
       purchase plans is 1,300,000.

       Company employees who are Canadian residents are eligible to purchase common shares from the
       Company at an amount equal to 90.00% of the market price. Employees who hold common shares in the
       employee share purchase plan for 18 months following the date of acquisition of such shares receive
       additional common shares of the Company equivalent to 10% of the amount of their contributions made
       on the date of acquisition. In 2021, 20,118 common shares (2020 – 21,562) were issued to Canadian
       resident employees at an average price of $37.95 per share (2020 – $33.00).

       Company employees who are U.S. residents are eligible to purchase common shares from the Company at
       market price. Employees who hold common shares in the employee share purchase plan for 18 months
       following the date of acquisition of such shares receive additional common shares of the Company
       equivalent to 10% of the amount of their contributions made on the date of acquisition. In 2021, 13,149
       common shares (2020 – 15,588) were issued to U.S. resident employees at an average price of $40.73 per
       share (2020 – $35.87).




                                                                                                              (27)
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2021 and 2020




   e)     Earnings per share

          The following table provides the reconciliation between basic earnings per common share and diluted
          earnings per common share:

          (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per
          share amounts)                                                                       2021             2020

          Net income applicable to common shares                                              $227              $210

          Weighted average number of common shares
          outstanding*                                                                         65.0             67.3
          Effect of dilutive stock options*                                                      —                —

          Weighted average number of diluted common shares
          outstanding*                                                                         65.0             67.3

          Basic and diluted earnings per common share                                         $3.49         $3.12
          * Number of shares is presented in millions.


   f)     Dividends

          In 2021, the Company paid dividends of $47 million (2020 - $40 million), representing dividends
          declared per common share of $0.72 (2020 - $0.60).

16 Expenses by nature

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                 2021           2020

   Raw materials and consumables                                                            1,936          1,759
   Employee benefit expenses                                                                  173            162
   Depreciation and amortization                                                               74             76
   Other expenses incurred in manufacturing process                                            52             47
   Freight                                                                                    139            143
   Other expenses                                                                              50             55
                                                                                            2,424          2,242




                                                                                                                (28)
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2021 and 2020



   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    2021    2020

   Employee benefit expenses
   Salaries, wages and benefits                                                                  158    148
   RSUs/PSUs                                                                                       4      5
   Pension costs                                                                                   3      2
   Group registered retirement savings plans                                                       8      7
                                                                                                 173    162

   Employee benefit expenses are included in cost of sales and selling and administrative expenses.

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    2021    2020

   Financial expenses
   Interest expense on long-term debt and accretion of deferred financing fees                    19     21
   Interest on lease liabilities                                                                   4      4

                                                                                                  23     25

17 Income taxes

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    2021    2020

   Current income tax
   Current tax on income for the year                                                             63     68
   Adjustments in respect of prior years                                                           1     (2)
   Total current income tax                                                                       64     66

   Deferred income tax
   Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                              14      5
   Adjustments in respect of prior years                                                          (2)     3
   Total deferred income tax                                                                      12      8
   Income tax expense                                                                             76     74




                                                                                                         (29)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



Reconciliation of effective income tax rate
(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                  2021          2020

Income before income tax                                                                 303           284
Canadian statutory rate (combined federal and provincial)                               25.91 %       25.98 %
Income tax expense at that statutory rate                                                  79            74

Tax effects of:
  Rate differential between jurisdictions                                                  (1)           (1)
  Remeasurement of deferred income tax - change in tax rate                                (1)            1
  Adjustments in respect of prior years' tax expense                                       (1)            1
  Others                                                                                   —             (1)
Effective income tax expense                                                               76            74

Deferred tax assets and liabilities

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, movements in temporary differences are as follows:

                                                                       Recognized
                                                As at Recognized in       in other   Acquired in       As at
                                          December 31, statement of comprehensive       business December 31,
(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)        2020       income         income    acquisitions       2021

Property, plant and equipment                    (94)           (1)            —              (9)         (104)
Intangible assets                                (27)           (8)            —             (10)          (45)
Reserves                                          11            (3)            —              —              8
Deferred pension benefit                           4            —              (1)            —              3
Others                                             2            —              (1)            —              1
Net deferred tax liabilities                    (104)          (12)            (2)           (19)         (137)

                                                                    Recognized
                                             As at Recognized in       in other Recognized in       As at
                                       December 31, statement of comprehensive    translation December 31,
                                              2019       income         income    adjustment         2020

Property, plant and equipment                    (88)           (8)            —                 2         (94)
Intangible assets                                (25)           (2)            —                —          (27)
Reserves                                           8             3             —                —           11
Deferred pension benefit                           3            —               1               —            4
Others                                             1            —               1               —            2
Net deferred tax (liabilities)
assets                                          (101)           (7)             2                2        (104)

As of December 31, 2021, the Company did not recognize deferred income tax assets of $6 million (2020 – $6
million) in respect of capital losses amounting to $44 million (2020 – $44 million) that can be carried forward
indefinitely against future taxable capital gains.


                                                                                                          (30)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2021 and 2020



   Deferred income tax liabilities have not been recognized for the withholding tax and other taxes that would be
   payable on the unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries. Such amounts are permanently reinvested. Unremitted
   earnings totaled $775 million as at December 31, 2021 (2020 – $635 million).

18 Employee future benefits

   The Company recognizes costs for several types of employee future benefits. For its Canadian operations, the
   Company contributes to three defined benefit pension plans covering some salaried and non-union hourly wage
   employees and to a multi-employer plan for certain hourly employees. Other post-employment benefits are
   offered to a portion of retired employees and consist of group health and dental care, life insurance and
   complementary retirement benefits. The defined benefit pension plans and other post-employment benefits plan
   are closed to new participants.

   For its U.S. operations, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Stella-Jones Corporation, contributes to two
   defined benefit pension plans. Only one of these pension plans remains open to new participants.

   All other active employees are entitled to a group registered retirement savings plan to which the Company
   matches one and a half times the employee contribution. The Company’s contribution cannot exceed 6.0% of the
   employee’s annual base salary.

   The recognized costs for employee future benefits are as follows:

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    2021         2020

    Contributions to group registered retirement savings plans                                      8            7
    Defined benefit pension plans                                                                   2            1
    Contributions to multi-employer plan                                                            1            1
                                                                                                   11            9

   The net amount recognized on the consolidated statement of financial position is detailed as follows:

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    2021         2020

    Employee future benefits
    Non-current liabilities:
      Net defined benefit pension liability                                                       (10)         (12)
      Other post-employment benefits liability                                                     (3)          (3)
                                                                                                  (13)         (15)

   The Company’s Canadian defined benefit pension plans benefits are based on years of service and final average
   earnings. The Stella-Jones Corporation defined benefit pension plans benefits consist of a flat dollar amount
   payable monthly based on years of service. The other post-employment benefits plan is not funded.

   The Company measures its accrued benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for accounting purposes as
   at December 31 of each year.



                                                                                                               (31)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



The change in the accrued benefit obligation for the other post-employment benefits plan for the year ended
December 31, 2021 was less than one million dollars (2020 - one million dollars). The following table presents
financial information related to the Company’s defined benefit pension plans, other than the multi-employer
defined benefit plan:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                           2021           2020

Accrued benefit obligation
Balance – Beginning of year                                                                           39              34
Current service cost                                                                                   1               1
Interest cost                                                                                          1               1
Benefits payments                                                                                     (1)             (1)
Remeasurement adjustments
   Changes in demographic assumptions                                                                  1               1
   Changes in financial assumptions                                                                   (3)              3
Balance – End of year                                                                                 38              39

Plan assets
Fair value – Beginning of year                                                                        27              26
Interest income on plan assets                                                                        —                1
Return on plan asset excluding interest income                                                         1              —
Employer’s contributions                                                                               1               1
Benefits paid                                                                                         (1)             (1)
Fair value – End of year                                                                              28              27
Net benefit liability                                                                                (10)            (12)

Risks associated with the Company’s defined benefit plans are similar to those of typical benefit plans, including
market risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, credit risk, currency risk and longevity risk. The most significant risks
are the exposure to asset volatility and changes in bond yields. Weaker than expected investment returns and a
decrease in corporate bond yields will increase the net benefit liability and worsen the plans’ funded position.

A 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would increase the defined benefit obligation as at December 31, 2021 by
two million dollars.

Expected contributions to the defined benefit pension plans for the year ending December 31, 2022 are one
million dollars.




                                                                                                                     (32)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



The items of the Company’s defined benefit plans costs recognized during the year are as follows:

Consolidated statement of income
(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                     2021             2020
                                                                                                 $                $
Current service cost                                                                             1                1
Interest cost                                                                                    1                1
Interest income on plan assets                                                                  —                (1)
Total cost recognized                                                                            2                1

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Actuarial gains (losses)                                                                         3               (4)
Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) before income tax                          3               (4)

Accumulated actuarial losses recognized in other comprehensive income
Balance of actuarial losses as at January 1                                                     (8)              (5)
Net actuarial gains (losses) recognized in the year, net of tax                                  2               (3)
Balance of actuarial losses as at December 31                                                   (6)              (8)

The significant weighted average assumptions used are as follows:

                                                                Defined benefit     Other post-employment
                                                                pension plans                plan
                                                                  2021         2020       2021       2020
                                                                    %            %          %          %
Accrued benefit obligation as at December 31
Discount rate                                                       3.00         2.50          3.10            2.50
Rate of compensation increase                                       3.00         3.00            n/a             n/a

Benefit costs for the year ended December 31
Discount rate                                                       2.50         3.10          2.50            3.10

The percentage of plan assets held by the defined benefit plans consists of the following as at December 31:

                                                                                              2021             2020
                                                                                                %                %
Listed equity securities                                                                      25               29
Listed debt securities                                                                        45               43
Guaranteed insurance contracts                                                                29               27
Short-term investments and cash                                                                1                1
                                                                                            100 %          100 %




                                                                                                                (33)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2021 and 2020



19 Commitments and contingencies

   a) The Company has issued guarantees amounting to $30 million (2020 – $27 million) under letters of credit and
      various bid and performance bonds. The Company’s management does not believe these guarantees are likely
      to be called on. As a result, no provisions have been recorded in the consolidated financial statements.

   b) The Company’s operations are subject to Canadian federal and provincial as well as U.S. federal and state
      environmental laws and regulations governing, among other matters, air emissions, waste management and
      wastewater effluent discharges. The Company takes measures to comply with such laws and regulations.
      However, the measures taken are subject to the uncertainties of changing legal requirements, enforcement
      practices and developing technological processes.

20 Financial instruments and management of financial risk

   Carrying values and fair values

   The Company has determined that the fair value of its current financial assets and financial liabilities
   approximates their carrying amounts as at the consolidated statement of financial position dates because of the
   short-term maturity of those instruments. The fair values of the non-current receivables and interest-bearing
   financial liabilities also approximate their carrying amounts unless otherwise disclosed elsewhere in these
   consolidated financial statements.

   The fair values of interest rate swap agreements have been determined and recorded using mark-to-market values
   as at December 31, 2021 and 2020 from different third parties. These types of measurement fall under Level 2 in
   the fair value hierarchy as per IFRS 7, Financial Instruments: Disclosures. A description of each level of the
   hierarchy is as follows:

            Level 1:     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
            Level 2:     Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for these assets
                         or liabilities, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
            Level 3:     Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data
                         (unobservable inputs).

   The following table provides a summary of the fair values:

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                      2021        2020
    Non-current assets
    Interest rate swap agreements                                                                      3         —
                                                                                                       3         —
    Current liabilities
    Interest rate swap agreements                                                                     —           2
                                                                                                      —           2




                                                                                                                (34)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the other party by
failing to discharge an obligation. As at December 31, 2021, the Company’s credit exposure consists primarily of
the carrying amount of accounts receivable and derivative financial instruments.

Credit risk associated with derivative financial instruments is minimized by dealing with creditworthy financial
institutions.

The Company’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer.
Management believes that the credit risk of accounts receivable is limited because the Company deals primarily
large-scale utility providers, Class 1 railroad operators and large retailers as well as other major corporations.

Management has established a credit policy under which each new customer is analyzed individually for
creditworthiness before the Company’s standard payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered. The
Company’s review includes external ratings, where available, and credit references from other suppliers. Purchase
limits are established for each customer, which represent the maximum open amount not requiring additional
approval from Management. A monthly review of the accounts receivable aging is performed by Management for
each selling location. Customers that fail to meet the Company’s benchmark creditworthiness may transact with
the Company only on a prepayment basis.

Note 5 provides details on the receivable aging as well as on the credit loss provision for the years ended
December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company’s largest customer had sales representing 19% of the total sales for
the year ended December 31, 2021 (2020 – 19%) and an account receivable balance of $10 million as at
December 31, 2021 (2020 – $11 million). The sales for this customer are included in the residential lumber
product category.


Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The
Company’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, on a long-term basis, that it will always have sufficient
liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring losses or
risking damage to its reputation.

The Company ensures that it has sufficient credit facilities to support working capital, meet expected operational
expenditures and service financial obligations. Inventories are a significant component of working capital because
of the long periods required to air-season wood, which can occasionally exceed nine months before a sale is made.




                                                                                                               (35)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



The operating activities of the Company are the primary source of cash flows. The Company also has credit
facilities (Note 12(a)(b)) which can be used for working capital and general corporate requirements. As at
December 31, 2021, an amount of $266 million (US$210 million) (2020 - $126 million (US$99 million)) was
available under the Company’s revolving credit facilities and $63 million (US$50 million) under the U.S. farm
credit term facility.

The following table details the maturities of the financial liabilities as at December 31:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian
dollars)                                                                                                                  2021

                                         Carrying Contractual          Less than          Years          Years     More than
                                          amount   cash flows             1 year         2 and 3        4 and 5      5 years

Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities                                    162            162            162             —               —              —
Long-term debt obligations*                    734            828             52            133             306            337
Minimum payment under lease
liabilities                                    144            157             39             55              32             31
                                             1,040          1,147            253            188             338            368

                                                                                                                        2020
                                         Carrying Contractual          Less than          Years          Years      More than
                                          amount   cash flows             1 year         2 and 3        4 and 5       5 years

Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities                                    137            137            137              —              —              —
Long-term debt obligations*                    606            664             25              28            509            102
Minimum payment under lease
liabilities                                    139            153             37              55             28             33
Derivative financial instruments                 2              2              2              —              —              —
Non-competes payable                             1              1              1              —              —              —
                                               885            957            202              83            537            135
*Includes interest payments. Interest on variable interest debt is assumed to remain unchanged from the rates in effect as at
December 31, 2021 and 2020.

Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates, will affect
the Company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk
management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters while optimizing the
return on risk.

Managing interest rate benchmark reform and associated risks

A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally, including the replacement
of some interbank offered rates (“IBORs”), including the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), with
alternative benchmark rates. One of these alternative reference rates is the Secured Overnight Financing Rate
(“SOFR”). The administrator of US Dollar (“USD”) LIBOR has ceased the publication of one week and two

                                                                                                                           (36)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



month USD LIBOR rates and most other non-USD IBOR rates on January 1, 2022, intends to discontinue the
remaining USD LIBOR rates on June 30, 2023 and has recommended the use of SOFR as a replacement
benchmark. The Company has exposures to the USD LIBOR on certain financial instruments that will be replaced
or reformed as part of these market‑wide initiatives as described below.

Non-derivative financial liabilities

The Company’s IBOR exposures as at 31 December 2021 to non-derivative financial liabilities are floating-rate
bank loans indexed to USD LIBOR, which continues to be provided for one, three and six month tenors until June
30, 2023. The Company currently has outstanding loans referencing LIBOR, totaling $US249 million under the
Syndicated Credit Agreement and the U.S. Farm Credit Agreement. Both agreements contain language regarding
the discontinuation of LIBOR and provide a mechanism for the introduction of a benchmark replacement. Further
details of these outstanding loans as at December 31, 2021 are provided in Note 12, Long-term debt.

Hedge accounting

The Company’s holds interest rate swaps for risk management purposes regarding cash flow hedging
relationships. The interest rate swaps have floating legs that are indexed to the one month USD LIBOR, which
continues to be provided. The Company and its counterparties under these interest rate swap agreements are
expected to negotiate the substitution of reference rates in such agreements in line with the underlying
instruments.


Currency risk

The Company’s exposure to foreign exchange gains or losses from currency fluctuations is related to sales and
purchases in U.S. dollars by its Canadian-based operations and to U.S. dollar-denominated long-term debt held by
its Canadian company. The Company monitors its transactions in U.S. dollars generated by Canadian-based
operations and enters into hedging transactions when required to mitigate its currency risk. The Company’s basic
hedging activity consists of the purchase of certain goods and services in U.S. dollars. The Company also
considers foreign exchange forward contracts for the sale and purchase of U.S. dollars that were not covered by
natural hedges.

The following table provides information on the impact of a 10.00% strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the
Canadian dollar on net income and other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2021
and 2020. For a 10.00% weakening of the U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar, there would be an equal and
opposite impact on net income and other comprehensive income (loss).

This analysis considers the impact of foreign exchange variance on current financial assets and current financial
liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars which are on the consolidated statement of financial position of the
Canadian entities totaling five million dollars ($10 million as at December 31, 2020) and $11 million ($11 million
as at December 31, 2020), respectively. The foreign exchange impact for the U.S. dollar-denominated long-term
debt, in the Canadian entities, has been included in the sensitivity analysis for other comprehensive income (loss),
as the long-term debt is designated as a hedge of net investment in foreign operations (Note 12).

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                      2021           2020
Decrease of net income                                                                            1             —
Decrease of other comprehensive income                                                           25             19


                                                                                                               (37)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2021 and 2020



   Interest rate risk

   The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements in order to reduce the impact of fluctuating interest rates
   on its short- and long-term debt. These swap agreements require the periodic exchange of payments without the
   exchange of the notional principal amount on which the payments are based. As at December 31, 2021, the
   Company has mitigated its exposure to interest rate risk on long-term debt after giving effect to its interest rate
   swap agreements; 70% (2020 – 73%) of the Company’s long-term debt is at fixed rates.

   The Company designates its interest rate swap agreements as cash flow hedges of the underlying debt. Interest
   expense on the debt is adjusted to include the payments made or received under the interest rate swap agreements.
   The cash flow hedge documentation allows the Company to substitute the underlying debt as long as the hedge
   effectiveness is demonstrated. As at December 31, 2021, all cash flow hedges were effective.

   The following table summarizes the Company’s interest rate swap agreements as at December 31:

                                                                                                       2021              2020
    Notional     Related debt instrument          Fixed    Effective date    Maturity date          Notional          Notional
    amount                                         rate                                           equivalent        equivalent
                                                     %                                                  CA$               CA$

    US$50        Revolving credit facilities   0.8720**   December 2021     December 2026                 63               —
    US$125       Term loan facility            1.1250*        July 2021         June 2028                158               —
    US$100       Revolving credit facilities   1.0600**   December 2017     December 2021                 —               127
    US$85        Revolving credit facilities   1.6800**   December 2015         April 2021                —               108
   * Plus set margin of 1.725%.
   ** Plus applicable margin of 1.00% to 2.25% based on pricing grid included in the revolving credit agreements.


   During the year ended December 31, 2021, a 1% increase in interest rates would have increased interest expense
   by two million dollars and increased the net income recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) by
   approximately $9 million. For a 1% decrease in the interest rates, there would be an opposite impact on interest
   expense and other comprehensive income (loss).

21 Capital disclosures

   The Company’s objective in managing capital is to ensure sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility to pursue its
   organic growth strategy and undertake accretive acquisitions, while at the same time maintaining a disciplined
   approach to financial leverage and management of financial risk. The Company manages its capital structure and
   makes corresponding adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the
   underlying assets. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may adjust the amount of
   dividends paid to shareholders, issue new shares or debt, acquire or sell assets, reduce the amount of existing debt
   or repurchase shares.

   The Company’s capital is composed of total debt, which includes lease liabilities, and shareholders’ equity, which
   includes capital stock. The primary measure used by the Company to monitor its capital is the leverage ratio,
   which it aims to maintain within a range of 2.0 to 2.5x. The leverage ratio is defined as net debt divided by
   EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization). Net debt is the sum of total long-term
   debt and lease liabilities (including the current portion).

                                                                                                                          (38)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2021 and 2020



   The Company uses its capital to finance working capital requirements, capital expenditures and acquisitions. The
   Company currently funds these requirements out of its internally generated cash flows and its credit facilities.
   However, future acquisitions and growth opportunities may require new sources of financing.

22 Related party transactions

   Key management compensation

   Key management includes certain directors (executive and non-executive), and certain senior management. The
   compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is as follows:

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                     2021           2020
    Salaries, compensation and benefits                                                              6              5
    Share-based compensation                                                                         2              2

                                                                                                     8              7

   Under their respective employment agreements and assuming their termination for reasons other than cause,
   illness, permanent incapacity, death or resignation occurred on December 31, 2021, the members of key
   management would be entitled to receive potential incremental payouts representing approximately four million
   dollars.

23 Segment information

   The Company operates within two business segments which are the production and sale of pressure-treated wood
   and the procurement and sales of logs and lumber.

   The pressure-treated wood segment includes utility poles, railway ties, residential lumber and industrial products.

   The logs and lumber segment comprises of the sales of logs harvested in the course of the Company’s
   procurement process that are determined to be unsuitable for use as utility poles. Also included in this segment is
   the sale of excess lumber to local home-building markets. Assets and net income related to the logs and lumber
   segment are nominal.

   Operating plants are located in six Canadian provinces and 19 American states. The Company also operates a
   large distribution network across North America.




                                                                                                                  (39)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020



Sales attributed to countries based on location of customer are as follows:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                     2021    2020

Canada                                                                          994     810
U.S.                                                                          1,756   1,741

                                                                              2,750   2,551


Sales by product are as follows:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                     2021    2020

Utility poles                                                                   925     888
Railway ties                                                                    700     733
Residential lumber                                                              773     665
Industrial products                                                             121     119
   Pressure-treated wood                                                      2,519   2,405
   Logs and lumber                                                              231     146
                                                                              2,750   2,551




                                                                                        (40)
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2021 and 2020



   Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and goodwill attributed to the countries based
   on location are as follows:

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                              2021                   2020

   Property, plant and equipment
   Canada                                                                                  175                    160
   U.S.                                                                                    454                    414
                                                                                           629                    574

   Right-of-use assets
   Canada                                                                                   20                     18
   U.S.                                                                                    118                    117
                                                                                           138                    135

   Intangible assets
   Canada                                                                                   50                     40
   U.S.                                                                                    108                     75
                                                                                           158                    115

   Goodwill
   Canada                                                                                   19                     19
   U.S.                                                                                    322                    261
                                                                                           341                    280

24 Subsequent events

   a) On March 8, 2022, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.20 per common share payable
      on April 22, 2022 to shareholders of record at the close of business on April 4, 2022.

   b) On March 8, 2022, the Company received approval from the TSX to amend its NCIB in order to increase the
      maximum number of common shares that may be repurchased for cancellation by the Company during the
      12-month period ending November 11, 2022 from 4,000,000 to 5,000,000 common shares, representing
      approximately 10% of the public float of its common shares as at October 31, 2021. The amendment to the
      NCIB will be effective on March 14, 2022 and will continue until November 11, 2022 or such earlier date as
      the Company has acquired the maximum number of common shares permitted under NCIB. All other terms
      and conditions of the NCIB remained unchanged.




                                                                                                                  (41)
