        Stella-Jones Inc.



Consolidated Financial Statements

   December 31, 2024 and 2023
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Financial Statements




December 31, 2024 and 2023

Management’s Statement of Responsibility for Financial Information

The consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of Management, and have been prepared in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board. Where necessary, Management has made judgments and estimates of the outcome of
events and transactions, with due consideration given to materiality.

The Company maintains a system of internal controls to provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of
the financial records and safeguarding of its assets. The consolidated financial statements have been
audited by the Company’s independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, and they have issued their
report thereon.

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing Management in the performance of its responsibilities
for financial reporting. The Board of Directors exercises its responsibilities through the Audit Committee,
which is comprised of four independent directors. The Audit Committee meets from time to time with
Management and the Company’s independent auditors to review the consolidated financial statements and
matters relating to the audit. The Company’s independent auditors have full and free access to the Audit
Committee. The consolidated financial statements have been reviewed by the Audit Committee, who
recommended their approval by the Board of Directors.




(s) Eric Vachon                                          (s) Silvana Travaglini

Eric Vachon, CPA                                         Silvana Travaglini, CPA
President and Chief Executive Officer                    Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer

Saint-Laurent, Québec
February 26, 2025
Independent auditor’s report
To the Shareholders of Stella-Jones Inc.

Our opinion

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Stella-Jones Inc. and its subsidiaries (together, the Company) as at
December 31, 2024 and 2023, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years then ended in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IFRS Accounting Standards).

What we have audited
The Company’s consolidated financial statements comprise:
     the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2024 and 2023;
     the consolidated statements of change in shareholders’ equity for the years then ended;
     the consolidated statements of income for the years then ended;
     the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years then ended;
     the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years then ended; and
     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information
      and other explanatory information.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
the consolidated financial statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our
audit of the consolidated financial statements in Canada. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with these requirements.




PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
1250 René-Lévesque Boulevard West, Suite 2500, Montréal, Quebec, Canada H3B 4Y1
T.: +1 514 205 5000, F.: +1 514 876 1502, Fax to mail: ca_montreal_main_fax@pwc.com
“PwC” refers to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an Ontario limited liability partnership.
Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming
our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

 Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Accuracy and existence of inventories                  Our approach to addressing the matter included
                                                        the following procedures, among others:
 Refer to note 2 – Material accounting policies and
 note 6 – Inventories to the consolidated financial        Tested the operating effectiveness of controls
 statements.                                                related to the matching of invoices, purchase
                                                            orders and receiving documents.
 The Company’s inventories totalled $1,759 million
                                                           For a selection of locations of inventory counts
 as at December 31, 2024. Inventories held in its
                                                            performed by management prior to year-end,
 network across North America are comprised of
                                                            observed the inventory count procedures and
 raw materials and finished goods. Raw materials
                                                            performed independent test counts for a
 are valued at the lower of weighted average cost
                                                            sample of inventory items.
 and net realizable value. Finished goods are
 valued at the lower of weighted average cost and          Tested the inventories activity in the
 net realizable value and include the cost of raw           intervening period between the count date and
 materials, other direct costs and manufacturing            the year-end date.
 overhead expenses. Net realizable value is the
                                                           For a sample of raw materials, tested the cost
 estimated selling price less costs necessary to
                                                            by agreeing to source documents as
 make the sale.
                                                            applicable.
 We considered this a key audit matter due to the          For a sample of inventory items for raw
 magnitude of the inventories balance, the number           materials and finished goods, recalculated the
 of inventory locations across the Company’s                weighted average cost.
 network and the audit effort involved in testing the
                                                           For a sample of finished goods, tested the
 inventories balance.
                                                            cost of transferred materials from raw
                                                            materials to finished goods, by agreeing the
                                                            cost transferred to the carrying cost of the
                                                            items previously classified in raw materials.
                                                           Tested the allocation of other direct standard
                                                            costs attributed to finished goods during the
                                                            year, by comparing the other direct standard
                                                            costs for a sample of finished goods to the
                                                            direct standard cost list.
 Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                                           For a portion of inventory items, tested the
                                                            reasonability of the allocation of the
                                                            manufacturing overhead at year-end by
                                                            comparing to the prior year’s allocations.
                                                           Assessed whether variances related to other
                                                            direct and manufacturing overhead standard
                                                            costs needed to be capitalized into finished
                                                            goods to approximate actual cost.

Other information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis, which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report and the information,
other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, included in the annual
report, which is expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this
auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. When we read the information, other
than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, included in the annual report,
if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to
those charged with governance.

Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the
consolidated financial statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial
statements in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, and for such internal control as management
determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate
the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting
process.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and
are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
    whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
    obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of
    not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
    as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
    internal control.
   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
    that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
    effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by management.
   Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
    based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
    conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If
    we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report
    to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
    inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
    the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to
    cease to continue as a going concern.
   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
    including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
    transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
    information of the entities or business units within the Company as a basis for forming an opinion on
    the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of
    the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
    opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related
safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Gregory Tremellen.


/s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP1

Montréal, Quebec
February 26, 2025




1 CPA auditor, public accountancy permit No. A119714
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
As at December 31, 2024 and 2023



(in millions of Canadian dollars)

                                                                Note              2024        2023
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                           50           —
Accounts receivable                                               5                277          308
Inventories                                                       6              1,759        1,580
Income taxes receivable                                                             11           11
Other current assets                                                                42           48
                                                                                 2,139        1,947
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                     7              1,048          906
Right-of-use assets                                               8                311          285
Intangible assets                                                 9                170          169
Goodwill                                                          9                406          375
Derivative financial instruments                                 19                 21           21
Other non-current assets                                                             8            5
                                                                                 4,103        3,708
Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity
Current liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                         10                180         204
Deferred revenue                                                                    17          —
Current portion of long-term debt                                11                  1         100
Current portion of lease liabilities                              8                 64          54
Current portion of provisions and other long-term liabilities    12                 24          26
                                                                                   286         384
Non-current liabilities
Long-term debt                                                   11              1,379        1,216
Lease liabilities                                                 8                259          240
Deferred income taxes                                            16                197          175
Provisions and other long-term liabilities                       12                 37           31
Employee future benefits                                         17                  4           10
                                                                                 2,162        2,056
Shareholders’ equity
Capital stock                                                    14                188          189
Retained earnings                                                                1,498        1,329
Accumulated other comprehensive income                                             255          134
                                                                                 1,941        1,652
                                                                                 4,103        3,708
Commitments and contingencies                                    18
Subsequent events                                                23
Approved by the Board of Directors,

(s) Katherine A. Lehman                                          (s) Karen Laflamme
Katherine A. Lehman                                               Karen Laflamme, FCPA, ASC
Director                                                          Director



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Change in Shareholders’ Equity
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023



(in millions of Canadian dollars)

                                                        Accumulated other comprehensive income
                                                                  Translation
                                                                 of long-term
                                                                        debts
                                                        Foreign designated
                                                       currency        as net  Unrealized                  Total
                                    Capital Retained translation investment gains on cash          shareholders’
                                     stock earnings adjustment        hedges flow hedges     Total        equity
Balance – January 1, 2024              189     1,329        224          (105)         15     134          1,652

Comprehensive income (loss)
Net income                              —       319          —            —            —        —           319
Other comprehensive income
(loss)                                  —         1        143           (22)          —      121           122

Comprehensive income (loss)             —       320        143           (22)          —      121           441

Dividends on common shares              —       (63)         —            —            —        —           (63)
Stock options exercised                 1        —           —            —            —        —             1
Employee share purchase plans           2        —           —            —            —        —             2
Repurchase of common shares
including related taxes (note 14)      (4)      (88)        —             —            —       —            (92)
                                       (1)     (151)        —             —            —       —           (152)
Balance – December 31, 2024           188     1,498        367          (127)          15     255         1,941




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
 Stella-Jones Inc.
 Consolidated Statements of Change in Shareholders’ Equity...Continued
 For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023



 (in millions of Canadian dollars)

                                                    Accumulated other comprehensive income
                                                              Translation
                                                             of long-term
                                                                    debts
                                                    Foreign designated       Unrealized
                                                   currency        as net gains (losses)               Total
                                Capital Retained translation investment on cash flow           shareholders’
                                 stock earnings adjustment        hedges         hedges  Total        equity
Balance – January 1, 2023          194     1,192        261          (111)           21   171          1,557


Comprehensive income (loss)
Net income                            —      326         —           —             —        —           326
Other comprehensive (loss)
income                                —        (2)      (37)          6            (6)     (37)         (39)


Comprehensive income (loss)           —      324        (37)          6            (6)     (37)         287


Dividends on common shares            —       (53)       —           —             —        —           (53)
Stock options exercised               1        —         —           —             —        —             1
Employee share purchase plans         2        —         —           —             —        —             2
Repurchase of common shares
(note 14)                             (8)    (134)      —            —             —       —           (142)
                                      (5)    (187)      —            —             —       —           (192)
Balance – December 31, 2023          189    1,329      224         (105)           15     134         1,652




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Income
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023



(in millions of Canadian dollars, except earnings per common share)

                                                                               Note       2024    2023

Sales                                                                                     3,469   3,319

Expenses

Cost of sales (including depreciation and amortization of $115 (2023 - $94))              2,745   2,631
Selling and administrative (including depreciation and amortization of $15
(2023 - $15))                                                                               206     181
Other losses, net                                                                            15       8
                                                                                15        2,966   2,820
Operating income                                                                            503     499


Financial expenses                                                              15          88      68



Income before income taxes                                                                 415     431


Income tax expense
Current                                                                         16          86      83
Deferred                                                                        16          10      22

                                                                                            96     105


Net income                                                                                 319     326


Basic and diluted earnings per common share                                     14         5.66    5.62




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023



(in millions of Canadian dollars)

                                                                                          2024    2023

Net income                                                                                319     326

Other comprehensive income (loss)
Items that may subsequently be reclassified to net income
Gains (losses) on translation of financial statements of foreign operation                143      (37)
(Losses) gains on translation of long-term debt designated as hedges of net
    investment in foreign operations                                                       (22)      6
Change in fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges                          —       (8)
Income tax on change in fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges            —        2

Items that will not subsequently be reclassified to net income
Remeasurements of post-retirement benefit obligations                                        1      (2)

                                                                                          122      (39)

Comprehensive income                                                                      441     287




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023



(in millions of Canadian dollars)
                                                                      Note            2024    2023
Cash flows from (used in)
Operating activities
Net income                                                                            319     326
Adjustments for
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                            7             46      40
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                      8             66      53
Amortization of intangible assets                                        9             18      16
Financial expenses                                                      15             88      68
Income tax expense                                                      16             96     105
Other                                                                                   4      11
                                                                                      637     619

Changes in non-cash working capital components
Accounts receivable                                                                    56       (7)
Inventories                                                                           (82)    (353)
Income taxes receivable                                                                —        (2)
Other current assets                                                                    9        8
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                              (40)       9
                                                                                      (57)    (345)
Interest paid                                                                         (85)     (68)
Income taxes paid                                                                     (87)     (99)
                                                                                      408      107
Financing activities
Net change in revolving credit facilities                               11            (471)    362
Proceeds from long-term debt                                            11             568      33
Repayment of long-term debt                                             11            (103)     (1)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                           8             (62)    (50)
Dividends on common shares                                                             (63)    (53)
Repurchase of common shares                                             14             (90)   (142)
Other                                                                                   —        2
                                                                                      (221)    151
Investing activities
Business combinations                                                    4              (4)    (93)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                7            (132)   (155)
Property insurance proceeds                                                             10      —
Additions of intangible assets                                           9             (11)    (10)
                                                                                      (137)   (258)
Net change in cash and cash equivalents during the year                                 50      —
Cash and cash equivalents – Beginning of year                                           —       —
Cash and cash equivalents – End of year                                                 50      —




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2024 and 2023



1   Description of the business

    Stella-Jones Inc. (with its subsidiaries, either individually or collectively, referred to as the “Company”) is a
    leading North American manufacturer of products focused on supporting infrastructure that are essential to
    the delivery of electrical distribution and transmission, and the operation and maintenance of railway
    transportation systems. The Company supplies the continent’s major electrical utilities companies with
    treated wood utility poles and North America’s Class 1, short line and commercial railroad operators with
    treated wood railway ties and timbers. The Company also supports infrastructure with industrial products,
    namely timbers for railway bridges, crossings and construction, marine and foundation pilings, and coal tar-
    based products. Additionally, the Company manufactures and distributes premium treated residential lumber
    and accessories to Canadian and American retailers for outdoor applications, with a significant portion of the
    business devoted to servicing Canadian customers through its national manufacturing and distribution
    network. The Company has treating facilities across Canada and the United States and sells its products
    primarily in these two countries. The Company’s headquarters are located at 3100 de la Côte-Vertu Blvd., in
    Saint-Laurent, Quebec, Canada. The Company is incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations
    Act, and its common shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) under the stock symbol SJ.

2   Material accounting policies

    Basis of presentation

    The Company prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with International Financial
    Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS Accounting
    Standards”).

    These consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on February 26, 2025.

    Basis of measurement

    The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
    derivative financial instruments and certain long-term liabilities which are measured at fair value. The
    Company has consistently applied the same accounting policies for all periods presented, unless otherwise
    stated.

    Principles of consolidation

    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Stella-Jones Inc. and its controlled
    subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions and balances between these companies have been eliminated. All
    consolidated subsidiaries are wholly owned. The significant subsidiaries within the legal structure of the
    Company are as follows:
                                                                                          Country of
     Subsidiary                                 Parent                                    incorporation
     Stella-Jones U.S. Holding Corporation      Stella-Jones Inc.                         United States
     Stella-Jones Corporation                   Stella-Jones U.S. Holding Corporation     United States

    The Company controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
    with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The existence and
    effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible are considered when assessing
    whether the Company controls another entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which
    control is transferred to the Company. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

                                                                                                                   1
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



Business combinations

The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when the acquired set of
activities and assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to the Company. In
determining whether a particular set of activities and assets is a business, the Company assesses whether
the set of assets and activities acquired includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process and
whether the acquired set has the ability to produce outputs.

The consideration transferred for the business acquired is the fair value of the assets transferred, the
liabilities assumed, and the equity interests issued by the Company. The consideration transferred also
includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement.
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are
measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as
incurred.

The excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the fair value of any non-controlling interest in
the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair
value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are
less than the fair value of the net assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognized directly in the
consolidated statement of income as a bargain purchase gain. Where settlement of any part of cash
consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are discounted to their present value as at the
date of exchange. The discount rate used is the Company’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at
which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and
conditions.

Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial
liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated
statement of income.

Accounting policies of the subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the
policies adopted by the Company.

Foreign currency translation

a) Functional and presentation currency

    Items included in the financial statements of each of the Company’s entities are measured using the
    currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).
    The consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is the Company’s
    functional and presentation currency. All amounts have been rounded to the nearest million, unless
    otherwise indicated.

b) Foreign currency transactions

    Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
    prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Revenues and expenses denominated in a foreign currency
    are translated by applying the monthly average exchange rates. Monetary assets and liabilities
    denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rate in effect at the consolidated statement of
    financial position date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are
    measured at cost are translated at historical exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
    denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated to the functional

                                                                                                                 2
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



    currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was determined.

    Foreign currency differences are generally recognized in the consolidated statement of income within
    other losses (gains), net. They are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in
    shareholders’ equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges.

c) Foreign operations

    The financial statements of operations that have a functional currency different from that of the Company
    are translated using the rate in effect at the consolidated statement of financial position date for assets
    and liabilities, and the monthly average exchange rates during the year for revenues and expenses.
    Adjustments arising from this translation are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income
    (loss) in shareholders’ equity. Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign
    operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the rate in effect
    at the consolidated statement of financial position date.

d) Hedges of net investments in foreign operations

    Foreign currency differences arising on the translation of financial liabilities designated as a hedge of net
    investment in foreign operations are recognized within equity in other comprehensive income (loss) to
    the extent that the hedge is effective. To the extent that the hedge is ineffective, such differences are
    recognized in the consolidated statement of income, within other losses (gains), net. When the hedged
    portion of a net investment (the subsidiary) is disposed of, the relevant amount in equity is transferred to
    the consolidated statement of income as part of the gain or loss on disposal.

Revenue recognition

The Company sells treated and untreated wood products (the “Products”), as well as wood treating services.
Revenue from the sale of Products is recognized when the Company satisfies a performance obligation by
transferring a promised Product to a customer. Products are considered to be transferred once the customer
takes control of them, being either at the Company’s manufacturing site or at the customer’s location.
Control of the Products refers to the ability to direct its use and obtain substantially all the remaining benefits
from the Product.

The Company offers to treat wood products owned by third parties. Revenue from these treating services is
recognized using the point in time criteria since there is a short manufacturing timeframe to treat wood
products.

Product sales can be subject to retrospective volume discounts based on aggregate sales over a 12-month
period, per certain contractual conditions. Revenue from these sales is recognized based on the price
specified in the contract, net of the estimated volume discounts. The Company’s significant experience is
used to estimate and provide for the discounts, using the expected value method, and revenue is only
recognized to the extent that it is highly probable that a reversal will not occur. A liability is recognized for
expected volume discounts payable to customers in relation to sales transacted to the end of the reporting
period.

Product sales may also be subject to retrospective price discounts based on aggregate sales over a 12-
month period, according to certain contractual conditions. Revenue from these sales is recognized based on
the expected average sales price over the specified period. Accumulated experience is used to estimate and
provide for the price discounts, using the expected value method, and revenue is only recognized to the
extent that it is highly probable that specified contractual conditions will be met. The customer is invoiced at

                                                                                                                 3
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



the contract price and a liability is recognized to adjust to the average price.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, bank balances and short-term liquid investments with
initial maturities of three months or less.

Accounts receivable

Trade receivables are amounts due from customers from the sale of products or services rendered in the
ordinary course of business. Trade receivables are classified as current assets if payment is due within 12
months or less. Trade receivables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortized cost, less credit loss allowance.

Inventories

Inventories of raw materials are valued at the lower of weighted average cost and net realizable value.
Finished goods are valued at the lower of weighted average cost and net realizable value and include the
cost of raw materials, other direct costs and manufacturing overhead expenses. Net realizable value is the
estimated selling price less costs necessary to make the sale.

Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost, including borrowing costs incurred during the
construction period, less accumulated depreciation and impairment. The Company allocates the amount
initially recognized in respect of an item of property, plant and equipment to its significant parts, and
depreciates separately each such part. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis using rates based
on the estimated useful lives of the assets.

                                                                          Useful life

    Buildings                                                          7 to 60 years
    Production equipment                                               5 to 60 years
    Rolling stock                                                      3 to 20 years
    Office equipment                                                   2 to 10 years

The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at the end of each
reporting period. The depreciation expense is included in cost of sales in the consolidated statement of
income.

Financial expenses

Finance expenses include interest expense on long-term debt and other financial charges and interest
expense on lease liabilities. Financial expenses are recognized in the consolidated statement of income in
the period in which they are incurred.

Leases

The Company leases certain property, plant and equipment and recognizes a right-of-use asset and liability
at the lease commencement date. Right-of-use assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the

                                                                                                          4
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



term of the lease, and the related liabilities represent the obligation to make the lease payments arising from
the lease. Right-of-use assets and the related liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date
based on the present value of the lease payments over the term of the lease, discounted using the interest
rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Company’s incremental borrowing
rate. Renewal and termination options are included in the lease terms when it is reasonably certain that they
will be exercised.

Lease payments comprise of fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments, the exercise price
under a purchase option that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in an optional
renewal period that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise and penalties for early termination of a
lease if the Company is reasonably certain to terminate. Each lease payment is allocated between the
liability and finance cost. The interest element of the finance cost is charged to the consolidated statement of
income over the lease term so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of
the liability for each period.

The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement
date to the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the
Company by the end of the lease term or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Company will
exercise a purchase option. In that case, the right-of-use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the
underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis as those of property and equipment. The
depreciation expense is included in cost of sales and selling and administrative expense in the consolidated
statement of income.

The Company has elected not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that
have a lease-term of less than 12 months and leases of low-value assets. Payments associated with short-
term leases and low-value assets are charged to the consolidated statement of income on a straight-line
basis over the term of the lease.

Intangible assets

Intangible assets with finite useful lives are recorded at cost and are amortized over their useful lives.
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are recorded at cost and are not amortized. The amortization
method and estimate of the useful life of an intangible asset are reviewed on an annual basis.

                                                                  Method                     Useful life

    Customer relationships                                    Straight-line              10 to 12 years
    Customer relationships                              Declining balance                   4% to 20%
    Software                                                  Straight-line               5 to 10 years
    Creosote registration                                                 -                   Indefinite

Development costs that are directly attributable to the design, development, implementation, and testing of
identifiable software products are recognized as software if certain criteria are met, including technical
feasibility and intent and ability to develop and use the software to generate probable future economic
benefits; otherwise they are expensed as incurred. Configuration or customization costs in a cloud
computing arrangement that do not meet capitalization criteria are expensed and presented in the
consolidated statement of income. Directly attributable costs that are capitalized include software related,
employee and third-party development costs.



                                                                                                              5
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



The amortization expense is included in cost of sales and selling and administrative expense in the
consolidated statement of income.

The creosote registration is subject to an annual impairment test or more frequently if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that it might be impaired.

Goodwill

Goodwill is not amortized and tested annually for impairment, or more frequently, whenever indicators of
potential impairment exist. Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed. For the purpose of impairment
testing, goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) or groups of CGUs that are expected to
benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose. The Company defines CGUs as either
plants specialized in the treatment of utility poles and residential lumber - U.S., specialized in the treatment
of residential lumber - Canada, and specialized in the treatment of railway ties.

Impairment

The carrying values of non-financial assets with finite lives, such as property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets with finite useful lives, are assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets that are not
amortized are tested at least annually for impairment or when events or changes in circumstances warrant
such consideration. For the purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for
which there are separately identifiable cash flows (CGUs).

Impairments are recorded when the recoverable amounts of assets are less than their carrying amounts.
The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less cost of disposal and its value in use (being
the present value of the expected future cash flows of the relevant asset or CGU).

Non-financial assets other than goodwill that have suffered impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of
the impairment when events or changes in circumstances warrant such consideration.

Provisions

Provisions for site remediation and other provisions are recognized when the Company has a legal or
constructive obligation as a result of past events, when it is probable that an outflow of resources will be
required to settle the obligation and when a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. If
some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed by another party,
the reimbursement is recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position as a separate asset, but
only if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received.

Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the
obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognized as a
financial expense.

The Company considers the current portion of the provision to be an obligation whose settlement is
expected to occur within the next 12 months.




                                                                                                              6
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



Site remediation obligations

Site remediation obligations relate to the discounted present value of estimated future expenditures
associated with the obligations of restoring the environmental integrity of certain properties. The Company
reviews estimates of future site remediation expenditures on an ongoing basis and records any revisions,
along with the accretion expense on existing obligations, in other losses (gains), net in the consolidated
statement of income.

At each reporting date, the liability is remeasured for changes in discount rates and in the estimate of the
amount, timing and cost of the work to be carried out.

Income taxes

The income tax expense for the period is the tax payable on the current year’s taxable income based on the
applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at
the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company operates and generates taxable income.
Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which
applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis
of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

Deferred income tax is recognized using the liability method on temporary differences arising between the
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill.
Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting
nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been
enacted or substantially enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the
related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilize
those temporary differences and losses.

Current and deferred tax is recognized in the consolidated statement of income, except to the extent that it
relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is
also recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) or directly in equity, respectively.

Employee future benefits

Defined benefit pension plan

The Company accrues obligations and related costs under defined benefit pension plans, net of plan assets.
The cost of pensions earned by employees is actuarially determined using the projected unit credit method
and Management’s best estimate of expected plan investment performance, salary escalation, retirement
ages of employees and discount rates on obligations. Past service costs from plan amendments are
recognized in the consolidated statement of income when incurred. Remeasurements consisting of actuarial
gains and losses, the actual return on plan assets (excluding the net interest component) and any change in
the asset ceiling are charged or credited to other comprehensive income (loss). These amounts are


                                                                                                                7
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



recognized immediately in retained earnings without recycling to the consolidated statement of income in
subsequent periods.

Other post-employment benefit program

The Company provides other post-employment benefits to certain retirees. The entitlement to these benefits
is usually conditional on the employee remaining in service up to retirement age and the completion of a
minimum service period. The expected costs of these benefits are attributed from the date when service by
the employee first leads to benefits under the plan, until the date when further service by the employee will
lead to no material amount of further benefits. The cost of future benefits earned by employees is
established by actuarial calculations using the projected benefit method pro-rated on years of service based
on Management’s best estimate of economic and demographic assumptions. Actuarial gains and losses
arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to other
comprehensive income (loss) in the period in which they arise and are recognized immediately in retained
earnings without recycling to the consolidated statement of income in subsequent periods.

Share-based payments

The Company operates a number of equity-settled and cash-settled share-based compensation plans under
which it receives services from employees and non-executive directors as consideration for equity
instruments of the Company or cash payments. Equity-settled share-based payments are comprised of the
stock option plan and cash-settled share-based payments include restricted stock units (“RSUs”),
performance stock units (“PSUs”) and deferred share units (“DSUs”).

Equity-settled plan

The Company accounts for stock options granted using the fair value method. Under this method,
compensation expense for stock options granted is measured at fair value at the grant date using the Black-
Scholes option pricing model and is recognized in the consolidated statement of income over the vesting
period of the options granted, with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus. For options with graded
vesting, each tranche is considered a separate grant with a different vesting date and fair value. Any
consideration paid on the exercise of stock options is credited to capital stock together with any related
share-based compensation expense included in contributed surplus.

Cash-settled plan

The Company has liability-based awards, RSUs, PSUs and DSUs, which are initially measured at fair value
at the grant date using an option pricing model. Until the liability is settled, the fair value of that liability is
remeasured at each reporting date, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statement of
income. The compensation expenses are recognized in the consolidated statement of income over the
vesting periods, based on the fair value of the awards at the end of each reporting period. Where RSUs and
PSUs are forfeited due to a failure by the employee to satisfy the service conditions, any expenses
previously recognized in relation to such units are reversed effective from the date of the forfeiture.

Financial instruments

The Company recognizes a financial asset or a financial liability in its consolidated statement of financial
position when it becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. At initial recognition, the
Company measures a financial asset or a financial liability at its fair value plus or minus, in the case of a
financial asset or a financial liability not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly
attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial asset or the financial liability.

                                                                                                                    8
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



Financial assets

The Company will classify financial assets as subsequently measured at amortized cost, fair value through
other comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss, based on its business model for managing
the financial asset and the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics. The three categories are
defined as follows:

a) Amortized cost - a financial asset is measured at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are
   met:

    –   the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect
        contractual cash flows; and

    –   the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
        payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

b) Fair value through other comprehensive income - financial assets are classified and measured at fair
   value through other comprehensive income if they are held in a business model whose objective is
   achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets, where those cash flows
   represent solely payments of principal and interest.

c) Fair value through profit or loss - any financial assets that are not held in one of the two business models
   mentioned in a) and b) are measured at fair value through profit or loss.

If the Company changes its business model for managing financial assets it must reclassify all affected
financial assets.

The Company’s financial assets are comprised of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and
derivative financial instruments. Cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable are measured at
amortized cost.

Derivative financial instruments that are not designated as hedging instruments are measured at fair value
through profit or loss. Derivative financial instruments that are designated as hedging instruments are
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.

A financial asset is derecognized when the Company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the
asset and has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset or the contractual rights to the
cash flows from the financial asset expire.

When the transfer of a trade receivable results in the derecognition of the asset, the corresponding cash
proceeds are classified as cash flows from operating activities.

Financial liabilities

The Company’s financial liabilities include accounts payable and accrued liabilities, long-term debt and
derivative financial instruments. Accounts payable and accrued liabilities and long-term debt are measured
at amortized cost. Derivative financial instruments that are not designated as hedging instruments are
initially recognized at fair value and are re-measured at each reporting date with any changes therein
recognized in profit or loss. After initial recognition, an entity cannot reclassify any financial liability.



                                                                                                             9
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



The Company derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled,
or expire. The Company also derecognizes a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash
flows of the modified liability are substantially different, in which case a new financial liability based on the
modified terms is recognized at fair value. On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the
carrying amount extinguished and the consideration paid is recognized in the consolidated statement of
income.

Impairment

The Company assesses, on a forward-looking basis, the expected credit losses associated with its financial
assets carried at amortized cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been
a significant increase in credit risk. For trade receivables, the Company applies the simplified approach
permitted by IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognized from
initial recognition of the receivables.

Hedging transactions

As part of its hedging strategy, the Company considers derivative financial instruments such as foreign
exchange forward contracts to limit its exposure under contracted cash inflows of sales denominated in U.S.
dollars. The Company also considers interest rate swap agreements in order to reduce the impact of
fluctuating interest rates on its long-term debt. At inception of designated hedging relationships, the
Company documents the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The Company
also documents the economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument. These
derivative financial instruments are treated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes and are fair valued
through other comprehensive income.

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as
cash flow hedges is recognized in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity. The gain or loss relating to the
ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of income, within other losses
(gains), net.

When forward contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Company generally designates only
the change in fair value of the forward contract related to the spot component as the hedging instrument.
Gains or losses relating to the effective portion of the change in the spot component of the forward contracts
are recognized in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity. The change in the forward element of the
contract that relates to the hedged item is recognized within other comprehensive income (loss) in the costs
of hedging reserve within equity. In some cases, the Company may designate the full change in fair value of
the forward contract (including forward points) as the hedging instrument. In such cases, the gains or losses
relating to the effective portion of the change in fair value of the entire forward contract are recognized in the
cash flow hedge reserve within equity. Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified in the periods when
the hedged item affects profit or loss.

When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria
for hedge accounting, any cumulative deferred gain or loss and deferred costs of hedging in equity at that
time remains in equity until the forecast transaction occurs. When the forecast transaction is no longer
expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss and deferred costs of hedging that were reported in equity are
immediately reclassified to the consolidated statement of income.




                                                                                                               10
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net income for the period attributable to the common
shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
year.

Diluted earnings per share is calculated using the treasury stock method. Under this method, earnings per
share data are computed as if the options were exercised at the beginning of the year (or at the time of
issuance, if later) and as if the funds obtained from exercise were used to purchase common shares of the
Company at the average market price during the period.

Segment reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources
and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the senior management team,
which makes strategic and operational decisions.

Accounting pronouncements not yet adopted

The following amendments and new standard were issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
(“IASB”) and were not yet adopted in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7

In May 2024, the IASB issued Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments,
which amended IFRS 9 and IFRS 7, to clarify when a financial asset or a financial liability is recognized and
derecognized and to introduce an accounting policy choice to derecognize financial liabilities settled using
an electronic payment system before the settlement date. The amendments also clarify the classification of
financial assets with environmental, social and governance (“ESG”)-linked features, non-recourse loans and
contractually linked instruments, and introduce disclosure requirements for financial instruments with
contingent features and equity instruments classified at fair value through other comprehensive income.

The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026, with
earlier application permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of these amendments on its
consolidated financial statements.

Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements – IFRS 18

In April 2024, the IASB issued IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which
replaces IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements. IFRS 18 introduces three sets of new requirements to
improve companies' reporting of financial performance and give investors a better basis for analyzing and
comparing companies:
    – improved comparability in the statement of income by introducing three defined categories for
        income and expenses (operating, investing and financing) and requiring companies to provide new
        defined subtotals, including operating profit;
    – enhanced transparency of management-defined performance measures by requiring companies to
        disclose explanations of those company-specific measures that are related to the statement of
        income; and



                                                                                                          11
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2024 and 2023



       –   enhanced guidance on how companies group information in the financial statements, including
           guidance on whether information is included in the primary financial statements or is further
           disaggregated in the notes.

    IFRS 18 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with earlier
    application permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the new standard on its
    consolidated financial statements.

3   Critical accounting estimates and significant judgements

    The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires
    Management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
    and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
    amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to estimates and
    assumptions include the estimated useful life of assets, recoverability of long-lived assets and goodwill and
    determination of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the context of an acquisition.
    Management also makes estimates and assumptions in the context of business combination mainly with
    sales forecast, margin forecast and discount rate. It is possible that actual results could differ from those
    estimates, and such differences could be material. Estimates are reviewed periodically and, as adjustments
    become necessary, they are reported in the consolidated statement of income in the period in which they
    become known.

4   Business combination

    On July 14, 2023, the Company acquired assets of the wood utility pole manufacturing business of Baldwin
    Pole and Piling Company, Inc., Baldwin Pole Mississippi, LLC and Baldwin Pole & Piling, Iowa Corporation
    for a total consideration of $64 million (US$49 million).

    As required by IFRS 3, the provisional fair values have been reassessed in light of information obtained
    during the measurement period following the acquisition. In 2024, the Company finalized the assessment of
    the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to this acquisition. The final
    determination of the fair values did not require any significant adjustments to the preliminary assessments.

5   Accounts receivable

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                           2024                  2023

    Trade receivables                                                                    247                   270
    Less: Credit loss allowance                                                           (1)                   —

    Trade receivables                                                                    246                   270
    Other receivables                                                                     31                    38

                                                                                         277                   308




                                                                                                                 12
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2024 and 2023



    The aging of gross trade receivables at each reporting date was as follows:

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                            2024                  2023

    Current                                                                              202                    191
    Past due 1-30 days                                                                    17                     42
    Past due 31-60 days                                                                    9                     14
    Past due more than 60 days                                                            19                     23

                                                                                         247                    270

    In the normal course of its business, the Company has entered into facilities with certain financial institutions
    whereby it can sell, without credit recourse, eligible receivables to the concerned financial institutions.

6   Inventories

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                            2024                  2023

    Raw materials                                                                       1,047                   988
    Finished goods                                                                        712                   592

                                                                                        1,759                 1,580




                                                                                                                  13
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2024 and 2023



7   Property, plant and equipment

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian                              Production   Rolling
    dollars)                                     Land Buildings   equipment     stock      Others        Total


    As at January 1, 2023
    Cost                                           68      179          681         35          18        981
    Accumulated depreciation                       —       (39)        (156)       (19)        (12)      (226)

    Net book amount                                68      140          525         16           6        755

    Year ended December 31, 2023
    Opening net book amount                        68      140          525         16           6        755
    Business combination                            5        9           43          6          —          63
    Additions                                       3       21          124          5           1        154
    Disposals / impairments                        —        (2)          (9)        (1)         —         (12)
    Depreciation                                   —        (6)         (28)        (5)         (1)       (40)
    Exchange differences                           —        (3)         (11)        —           —         (14)

    Closing net book amount                        76      159          644         21           6        906

    As at December 31, 2023
    Cost                                           76      202          823         44          19      1,164
    Accumulated depreciation                       —       (43)        (179)       (23)        (13)      (258)

    Net book amount                                76      159          644         21           6        906

    Year ended December 31, 2024
    Opening net book amount                        76      159          644         21           6        906
    Additions                                       3       44           83          4          —         134
    Disposals / impairments                        —        —            (4)        (1)         —          (5)
    Reclassification between categories            —         4           (4)        —           —          —
    Depreciation                                   —        (7)         (33)        (5)         (1)       (46)
    Exchange differences                            4       11           43          1          —          59

    Closing net book amount                        83      211          729         20           5      1,048

    As at December 31, 2024
    Cost                                           83      265          950         48          19      1,365
    Accumulated depreciation                       —       (54)        (221)       (28)        (14)      (317)

    Net book amount                                83      211          729         20           5      1,048

    As at December 31, 2024, $10 million is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities for the
    purchases of property and equipment (December 31, 2023 – eight million dollars).

    As at December 31, 2024, $110 million (Buildings – $51 million and Production equipment – $59 million) of
    property and equipment was under construction and not yet subject to depreciation
    (December 31, 2023 – $95 million (Buildings – $22 million dollars and Production equipment – $73 million)).


                                                                                                            14
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2024 and 2023



8   Leases

    The consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to leases:

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                         2024             2023


    Right-of use assets
    Rolling stock                                                                      245              227
    Land                                                                                62               54
    Other assets                                                                         4                4
                                                                                       311              285

    Lease liabilities
    Current lease liabilities                                                           64               54
    Non-current lease liabilities                                                      259              240
                                                                                       323              294

    The following table provides a reconciliation of the right-of-use assets, presented in the consolidated
    statements of financial position for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:

    Right-of-use assets
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)        Rolling stock           Land Other assets         Total


    As at January 1, 2023                                      128             28              4        160
    Additions                                                  145             32             —         177
    Terminations                                                (1)            —              —          (1)
    Depreciation                                               (45)            (6)            (2)       (53)
    Remeasurement                                                4             —               2          6
    Exchange differences                                        (4)            —              —          (4)
    As at December 31, 2023                                    227             54              4        285

    Additions                                                   58             18             —          76
    Terminations                                                (1)            (4)            —          (5)
    Depreciation                                               (56)            (9)            (1)       (66)
    Remeasurement                                               —               1              1          2
    Exchange differences                                        17              2             —          19
    As at December 31, 2024                                    245             62              4        311




                                                                                                          15
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



The following table provides a reconciliation of the lease liabilities, presented in the consolidated statements
of financial position for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:

Lease liabilities
(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)         Rolling stock            Land Other assets              Total

As at January 1, 2023                                       131              32               4            167
Payments under lease agreements                             (49)             (6)             (2)           (57)
Finance costs                                                 6               1              —               7
Additions                                                   145              32              —             177
Terminations                                                 (1)             —               —              (1)
Remeasurement                                                 4              —                2              6
Exchange differences                                         (4)             (1)             —              (5)
As at December 31, 2023                                     232              58               4            294

Payments under lease agreements                             (62)            (10)             (1)           (73)
Finance costs                                                 8               3              —              11
Additions                                                    58              18              —              76
Terminations                                                 (1)             (5)             —              (6)
Remeasurement                                                —                1               1              2
Exchange differences                                         17               2              —              19
As at December 31, 2024                                     252              67               4            323

The Company leases various rolling stock (mobile equipment, road vehicles and rail cars), land and other
assets. Leases are typically made for fixed periods of one to 10 years and may have extension options that
are considered when it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised.

Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants, but leased assets may not be used as
security for borrowing purposes.

Extension and termination options are included in a number of leases across the Company. These terms are
used to maximize operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. The majority of extension and
termination options held are exercisable only by the Company and not by the respective lessor.




                                                                                                             16
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2024 and 2023



9   Intangible assets and goodwill


    The net book amount of these intangible assets and goodwill was as follows:

                                                               Intangible assets
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian       Customer    Creosote
    dollars)                           relationships registration     Software     Others     Total    Goodwill

    As at January 1, 2023
    Cost                                         178          42            51         17       288        369
    Accumulated amortization                     (93)         —            (13)       (11)     (117)        —

    Net book amount                               85          42            38         6       171         369

    Year ended December 31, 2023
    Opening net book balance                       85         42            38        6        171         369
    Business combination                            7         —             —         —          7          14
    Additions                                      —          —              9        1         10          —
    Amortization                                  (10)        —             (6)       —        (16)         —
    Exchange differences                           (2)        (1)           —         —         (3)         (8)

    Closing net book amount                       80          41            41         7       169         375

    As at December 31, 2023
    Cost                                          181         41            61         18       301        375
    Accumulated amortization                     (101)        —            (20)       (11)     (132)        —

    Net book amount                               80          41            41         7       169         375

    Year ended December 31, 2024
    Opening net book balance                       80         41            41         7       169         375
    Additions                                      —          —              9         1        10          —
    Amortization                                  (10)        —             (7)       (1)      (18)         —
    Exchange differences                            6          3            —         —          9          31

    Closing net book amount                       76          44            43         7       170         406

    As at December 31, 2024
    Cost                                          195         44            67         19       325        406
    Accumulated amortization                     (119)        —            (24)       (12)     (155)        —

    Net book amount                               76          44            43         7       170         406


    Customer relationships comprise long-term agreements with certain customers and ongoing business
    relationships. The acquisition cost was established based on future benefits associated with these
    relationships.

    Impairment tests for goodwill

    Goodwill is allocated for impairment testing purposes to CGUs which reflect how it is monitored for internal
    management purposes.

    The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined based on fair value less cost to dispose (“FVLCTD”)

                                                                                                             17
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2024 and 2023



   calculations. The fair value measurement was categorized as a Level 3 fair value based on the inputs in the
   valuation technique used. FVLCTD calculations use cash flow projections covering a five-year period that
   are based on the latest financial budgets for revenue and cost as approved by senior management. Cash
   flow projections beyond five years are based on a growth rate not exceeding gross domestic product for the
   respective countries. Two percent growth rates are assumed in perpetuity. Post-tax cash flow projections are
   discounted using a real post-tax discount rate of 8%, that is based on past experience, and industry average
   weighted average cost of capital. The assumptions used in calculating FVLCTD have considered the current
   economic environment.

   During the year ended December 31, 2024, the CGU for the plants specialized in the treatment of utility
   poles and residential lumber was split into two CGUs: plants specialized in the treatment of utility poles and
   residential lumber - U.S. and plants specialized in the treatment of residential lumber - Canada. The change
   in CGU structure was made to reflect the operational changes made to convert plants from multiproduct to
   single product manufacturing plants. Comparatives figures presented in the table below have been adjusted
   to conform to the current year’s presentation.

   The carrying value of goodwill is allocated to the following CGUs:

   CGUs
   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    2024           2023

   Plants specialized in the treatment of utility poles and residential lumber - U.S.            238            220
   Plants specialized in the treatment of railway ties                                           162            149
   Plants specialized in the treatment of residential lumber - Canada                              6              6
                                                                                                 406            375

   Impairment tests for intangible assets with indefinite useful life

   The only intangible asset with indefinite useful life is the creosote registration. This registration provides the
   Company with the right to produce and sell creosote out of its Memphis, Tennessee facility. The Company’s
   approach to creosote supply is to produce a portion of its requirements and to buy the remainder on the
   open market. As a result, the creosote registration procures the advantage of being able to produce, which is
   less expensive than buying on the market.

   The recoverable amount of the creosote registration is determined based on value-in-use calculations.
   Value-in- use calculations use cash flow projections covering a five-year period that are based on the latest
   financial budgets of cost savings as approved by senior management. No growth rate is assumed in the
   cash flow projections beyond five years, given the commodity nature of the majority of the products (i.e.
   volume growth is assumed to be offset by real price declines). Pre-tax cash flow projections are discounted
   using a real pre-tax discount rate of 11%.

10 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                            2024                   2023


   Trade payables and accrued expenses                                                   127                    152
   Other payables                                                                         53                     52

                                                                                         180                    204


                                                                                                                  18
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2024 and 2023



11 Long-term debt

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                      Maturity date            2024            2023
   Unsecured:
   Revolving credit facilities (a)(b)                              2028-2029                295             750

   Term loan facilities (b)
        US$125, variable rate based on SOFR plus 1.725%               2028                  180             166
        US$100, fixed rates ranging from 3.27% to 4.47%, with
                                                                   2029-2030                144             132
        quarterly amortization payments starting in 2026
        US$25, fixed rate of 4.52%                                    2029                   36              33
        US$150 (as at December 31, 2023 – US$25), variable rate
        based on SOFR plus applicable margin                       2030-2031                216              33

   Senior notes (c)
     $400, fixed rate of 4.312%                                       2031                  400              —
     US$75, fixed rate of 3.81%                                       2027                  108              99
        US$75, fixed rate of 3.54%                                    2024                   —               99

   Other(d)                                                                                   3               4
                                                                                          1,382           1,316
   Deferred financing costs                                                                  (2)             —
                                                                                          1,380           1,316
   Less: Current portion of long-term debt                                                    1             100
                                                                                          1,379           1,216

   a)       Unsecured Syndicated Credit Facilities

   The Company has unsecured credit facilities with a syndicate of lenders. On January 26, 2024, the
   Company amended and restated the seventh amended and restated syndicated credit agreement in order
   to, among other things, (i) increase the amount available under the unsecured revolving credit facility from
   US$400 million to US$600 million; (ii) separate the unsecured revolving facility in two tranches with the
   following maturities: US$475 million tranche with a maturity date of February 27, 2028, and US$125 million
   tranche with a maturity date of February 27, 2026; (iii) increase the required level of net funded debt-to
   earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”) ratio to 3.75:1.00 and (iv) replace
   the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate (“CDOR”), with the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average (“CORRA”).
   Revolving credit facility advances made prior to this amendment continued to apply CDOR until the end of
   their term. The amended syndicated credit agreement also includes a reset of the existing accordion feature
   whereby the Company may request an increase in an aggregate amount of US$300 million, subject to
   lenders’ approval.

   On December 20, 2024, the Company further amended and restated its syndicated credit agreement in
   order to, among other things, combine into a single unsecured revolving credit facility the two tranches with a
   maturity date of December 20, 2029, and reset the existing accordion feature whereby the Company may
   request an increase in an aggregate amount of US$400 million, subject to lenders’ approval.

   Borrowings under the syndicated credit facilities may be obtained in the form of prime rate loans, CORRA
   loans, U.S. base rate loans, Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) loans and letters of credit. The

                                                                                                               19
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



interest rate margin will range from 0.00% to 1.25% with respect to prime rate loans and U.S. base rate
loans and from 1.00% to 2.25% with respect to CORRA, SOFR loans and fees for letters of credit, in each
case based upon the Company’s net funded debt-to-EBITDA ratio.

As at December 31, 2024, under the Syndicated Credit Facilities, borrowings by Canadian entities
denominated in U.S. dollars represented $181 million (US$126 million) and were designated as hedges of
net investment in foreign operations.

b)     Unsecured Senior U.S. Farm Credit Facilities

The Company is party to a credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders within the farm credit system (the
“U.S. Farm Credit Agreement”) pursuant to which unsecured senior credit facilities in an aggregate amount
of up to US$550 million are available. The U.S. Farm Credit Agreement provides a term loan facility of up to
US$400 million (or, the “Term Loan Facility”), and a five-year revolving credit facility of up to US$150 million
with a maturity date of March 3, 2028 (or, the “Revolving Credit Facility”). The U.S. Farm Credit Agreement
also provides an uncommitted option to increase the unsecured senior credit facilities by up to an additional
US$150 million, subject to certain terms and conditions.

Interest rates under the Revolving Credit Facility are based, at the Company’s election, on either a floating
rate based on SOFR, or a base rate, in each case plus a margin over the index. The applicable margin
ranges from 0.5% to 1.25% for base rate loans, and from 1.5% to 2.25% for SOFR loans, in each case
based upon the Company’s net funded debt-to-EBITDA ratio.

The unsecured senior credit facilities were issued by a syndicate of lenders within the farm credit system
and are eligible for patronage refunds. Patronage refunds are distributions of profits from lenders in the farm
credit system, which are cooperatives that are required to distribute profits to their members. Patronage
distributions, in the form of cash, are received in the year after they were earned. Future refunds are
dependent on future farm credit lender profits, made at the discretion of each farm credit lender.

Loans under the U.S. Farm Credit Facilities, other than fixed rate term loans, may be prepaid from time to
time at the Company’s discretion without premium or penalty but subject to breakage costs, if any. If all or
any portion of a fixed rate term loan is prepaid, a prepayment premium may apply. Term loans amounts
repaid may not be subsequently re-borrowed. Principal amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility may be
drawn, repaid, and redrawn until March 3, 2028.

c)      Unsecured Senior Notes

On October 1st, 2024, the Company completed a private placement of $400 million aggregate principal
amount of senior unsecured notes due October 1st, 2031, bearing interest at the rate of 4.312% per annum,
payable semi-annually until maturity. The notes rank pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated
obligations of the Company.

On January 17, 2024, the Company repaid US$75 million of unsecured senior notes issued pursuant to a
private placement with certain U.S. investors. The remaining US$75 million of unsecured senior notes are
payable in a single installment at maturity on January 17, 2027 and are designated as hedges of net
investment in foreign operations.

d)     Other notes payable

Other notes payable consists of a promissory note pursuant to a business acquisition in the amount of three

                                                                                                             20
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



million dollars (US$2 million), secured by the land of the Company’s facility in Pineville.

In order to maintain in place the credit facilities, and private placement senior notes with certain U.S.
investors, the Company needs to comply with customary affirmative covenants, negative covenants,
reporting requirements and financial ratios. As at December 31, 2024, the Company was required to
maintain a net funded debt-to-EBITDA ratio of no more than 3.50:1.00, an interest coverage ratio equal to or
greater than 3.00:1.00 and a priority debt to equity ratio not more than 15%, which are measured on a
quarterly basis. The required level of net funded debt-to-EBITDA ratio was increased to 3.75:1.00
subsequent to year-end, following the amendment of the U.S. Farm Credit Agreement. As at December 31,
2024, the Company was in full compliance with these covenants, requirements and ratios.

The repayment requirements on the long-term debt as at December 31, 2024 are as follows:

        (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                 Principal


        2025                                                                                             1
        2026                                                                                            34
        2027                                                                                           144
        2028                                                                                           216
        2029                                                                                           367
        Thereafter                                                                                     620
                                                                                                     1,382

The aggregate fair value of the Company’s long-term debt was estimated at $1,368 million as at
December 31, 2024 (as at December 31, 2023 – $1,298 million) based on discounted future cash flows,
using interest rates available to the Company for issues with similar terms and average maturities.

Refer to Note 23 for a summary of events that occurred after the reporting period.




                                                                                                         21
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2024 and 2023



12 Provisions and other long-term liabilities

                                                     Provisions              Other long-term liabilities
                                                                              Share-
                                                                              based
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian          Site                          payment                               Grand
    dollars)                           remediation       Others    Total       plans     Others         Total      total


    Balance as at January 1, 2023              18            4       22            9           4          13         35

    Business combination                        1            —        1           —            7           7          8
    Additions                                   8            —        8           15          —           15         23
    Payments                                   (3)           (3)     (6)          (3)         —           (3)        (9)

    Balance as at December 31,
    2023                                       24            1       25 1         21          11          32         57

    Additions                                  10             1      11           14          —           14         25
    Payments                                   (7)           (1)     (8)         (12)         (4)        (16)       (24)
    Exchange differences                        1            —        1            1           1           2          3

    Balance as at December 31,
    2024                                       28            1       29           24           8          32         61


    Current portion                             9            1       10           11           3          14         24
    Non-current portion                        19            —       19           13           5          18         37
                                               28            1       29           24           8          32         61


   The Company’s share-based payment plans consist of cash-settled restricted stock unit, performance stock
   unit and deferred share unit plans.

   Restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and Performance stock units (“PSUs”)

   Under the Stock Unit Plan, RSUs and PSUs are granted to certain executives and key employees of the
   Company. RSUs and PSUs entitle the holders to receive a cash payment equal to the average closing price
   on the TSX of the Company’s common shares for the five trading days preceding the vesting date multiplied
   by a factor which ranges from 0% to 200% based on the attainment of performance criteria and/or market
   conditions set out pursuant to the plan, provided the individual is still employed by the Company at time of
   vesting. RSUs vest ratably over a period of up to three years and PSUs are paid three years after the grant
   date.

   Changes in outstanding RSUs for the years ended December 31, are as follows:

                                                                                           2024                    2023

    RSUs outstanding - Beginning of year                                                129,438                 122,315
    Granted                                                                             118,688                  65,479
    Vested                                                                              (90,508)                (47,966)
    Forfeited                                                                            (1,462)                (10,390)
    RSUs outstanding - End of year                                                      156,156                 129,438


                                                                                                                     22
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



Changes in outstanding PSUs for the years ended December 31, are as follows:

                                                                                 2024                 2023

PSUs outstanding - Beginning of year                                          97,072                69,337
Granted                                                                       59,348                38,517
Performance multiplier                                                        26,543                    —
Vested                                                                       (53,086)                   —
Forfeited                                                                     (1,133)              (10,782)
PSUs outstanding - End of year                                               128,744                97,072

Deferred share units (“DSUs”)

DSUs entitle non-executive directors of the Company to receive a minimum participation amount in the form
of DSUs and they may elect to participate in the DSU plan for a portion of their Board fees. Such deferred
remuneration is converted to DSUs based on the average closing price of the Company’s common shares
on the TSX of the five trading days immediately preceding the date such awards are granted to the non-
employee director. DSUs are settled for cash only after a non-employee director ceases to act as a director.

Changes in outstanding DSUs for the years ended December 31, are as follows:

                                                                                 2024                 2023

DSUs outstanding - Beginning of year                                           59,365               44,333
Granted                                                                        12,092               16,792
Settled                                                                            —                (1,760)
DSUs outstanding - End of year                                                 71,457               59,365




                                                                                                         23
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2024 and 2023



13 Cash flow information

   The following table presents the movements in the liabilities from financing activities for the years ended
   December 31, 2024 and 2023:

                                                        Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                       Revolving
                                                       Long-term            credit         Lease
   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                 debt        facilities    liabilities          Total


   Balance as at January 1, 2023                             (547)           (394)            (167)        (1,108)
   Cash flows, net                                            (32)           (362)              50           (344)
   Lease additions                                             —               —              (177)          (177)
   Other non-cash movements                                    —               —                (5)            (5)
   Foreign exchange adjustments                                13               6                5             24

   Balance as at December 31, 2023                           (566)           (750)            (294)        (1,610)

   Cash flows, net                                            (463)           471               62             70
   Lease additions                                              —              —               (76)           (76)
   Other non-cash movements                                     —              —                 4              4
   Foreign exchange adjustments                                (56)           (16)             (19)           (91)
   Balance as at December 31, 2024                          (1,085)          (295)            (323)        (1,703)

14 Capital stock and earnings per share

   The following table provides the number of common shares outstanding for the years ended December 31:

                                                                                       2024                 2023

   Number of common shares outstanding – Beginning of year                      56,866,712            59,115,959
   Common shares repurchased                                                    (1,078,577)           (2,286,484)
   Stock option exercised                                                           15,000                10,000
   Employee share purchase plans                                                    21,818                27,237

   Number of common shares outstanding – End of year                            55,824,953            56,866,712

   a)     Capital stock

          The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of common shares and an unlimited
          number of preferred shares, issuable in series.

          All issued shares are fully paid. The common shares provide for the right to receive notice of, attend
          and vote at all meetings of shareholders and receive dividends, subject to the prior rights of the
          preferred shares and any other shares ranking senior to the common shares. To date, the Company
          has not issued any preferred shares.


                                                                                                               24
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



b)     Normal Course Issuer Bid (“NCIB”)

       On November 6, 2023, the TSX accepted the Company’s Notice of Intention to Make a NCIB
       (“Notice”) to purchase for cancellation up to 2,500,000 common shares during the 12-month period
       commencing November 14, 2023 and ending November 13, 2024, representing approximately 5.0%
       of the public float of its common shares.

       On November 5, 2024, the TSX accepted the Company’s Notice to purchase for cancellation up to
       2,500,000 common shares during the 12-month period commencing November 14, 2024 and ending
       November 13, 2025, representing approximately 4.5% of the common shares outstanding.

       During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company repurchased for cancellation 1,078,577
       common shares under its NCIBs then in effect (during the year ended December 31, 2023 -
       2,286,484 common shares) for a total consideration of $90 million (during the year ended
       December 31, 2023 - $142 million), representing an average price of $83.43 per common share (in
       2023 - $61.89).

       As at December 31, 2024, the Company’s capital stock was reduced by four million dollars (as at
       December 31, 2023 – eight million dollars) and the retained earnings decreased by $88 million (as at
       December 31, 2023 – $134 million), including two million dollars of related taxes
       (December 31, 2023 – nil).

c)     Stock option plan

       The Company has a stock option plan (the “Plan”) for directors, officers and employees whereby the
       Board of Directors or a committee appointed for such purpose (“Committee”) may, from time to time,
       grant to directors, officers or employees of the Company options to acquire common shares in such
       numbers, for such terms and at such exercise prices as are determined by the Board of Directors or
       such Committee.

       The aggregate number of common shares in respect of which options may be granted is 4,800,000.
       Each option shall be exercisable during a period established by the Board of Directors or Committee,
       and the term of the option may not exceed 10 years. The Company has not granted any stock
       options since 2015. The options outstanding under the Plan as at December 31, 2024 were granted
       in November 2015 and expire in 2025.

       During the year ended December 31, 2024, 15,000 ordinary shares were issued as a result of the
       exercise of options arising from the share options granted in 2015 (December 31, 2023 - 10,000).
       Options were exercised at the option value price of $49.01 per share.

       As at December 31, 2024, the number of outstanding and exercisable options to acquire common
       shares issued under the Company’s Plan was 5,000 (December 31, 2023 – 20,000), at a weighted
       average exercise price of $49.01 (December 31, 2023 – $49.01).

d)     Employee share purchase plans

       The aggregate number of common shares reserved for issuance under the Company’s employee
       share purchase plans is 1,300,000.

       Company employees who are Canadian residents are eligible to purchase common shares from the
       Company at an amount equal to 90% of the market price. Employees who hold common shares in

                                                                                                        25
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



       the employee share purchase plan for 18 months following the date of acquisition of such shares
       receive additional common shares of the Company equivalent to 10% of the amount of their
       contributions made on the date of acquisition. In 2024, 12,786 common shares (2023 – 17,024) were
       issued to Canadian resident employees at an average price of $70.26 per share (2023 – $55.18).

       Company employees who are U.S. residents are eligible to purchase common shares from the
       Company at market price. Employees who hold common shares in the employee share purchase
       plan for 18 months following the date of acquisition of such shares receive additional common
       shares of the Company equivalent to 10% of the amount of their contributions made on the date of
       acquisition. In 2024, 9,032 common shares (2023 – 10,213) were issued to U.S. resident employees
       at an average price of $76.79 per share (2023 – $60.08).

e)     Earnings per share

       The following table provides the reconciliation between basic earnings per common share and
       diluted earnings per common share:

       (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share
       amounts)                                                                      2024         2023

       Net income applicable to common shares                                       $319          $326



       Weighted average number of common shares outstanding*                       56,403       57,963
       Effect of dilutive stock options*                                                4            6

       Weighted average number of diluted common shares
       outstanding*                                                                56,407       57,969

       Basic and diluted earnings per common share                                  $5.66        $5.62
       * Number of shares is presented in thousands.

f)     Dividends

       In 2024, the Company paid dividends of $63 million (2023 - $53 million), representing dividends
       declared per common share of $1.12 (2023 - $0.92).




                                                                                                     26
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2024 and 2023



15 Expenses by nature

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                              2024        2023


   Raw materials and consumables                                                         2,119        2,065
   Employee benefit expenses                                                               329          305
   Freight                                                                                 199          198
   Depreciation and amortization                                                           130          109
   Expenses incurred in manufacturing process                                               96           75
   Other expenses                                                                           93           68

                                                                                         2,966        2,820


   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                              2024        2023


   Employee benefit expenses
   Salaries, wages and benefits                                                            300         280
   Share-based compensation                                                                 14          13
   Pension costs                                                                             2           2
   Group registered retirement savings plans                                                13          10

                                                                                           329         305

   Employee benefit expenses are included in cost of sales and selling and administrative expenses.


   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                              2024        2023


   Financial expenses
   Interest expense on long-term debt and other financial charges                           77          61
   Interest on lease liabilities                                                            11           7

                                                                                            88          68




                                                                                                         27
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2024 and 2023



16 Income taxes

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                       2024      2023


   Current income tax
   Current tax on income for the year                                99        93
   Adjustments in respect of prior years                            (11)      (10)
   Changes in estimates related to prior years                       (2)       —

   Total current income tax                                          86        83

   Deferred income tax
   Origination and reversal of temporary differences                  3        16
   Impact of change in tax rate                                      (3)       (2)
   Adjustments in respect of prior years                             10         8

   Total deferred income tax                                         10        22

   Income tax expense                                                96       105


   Reconciliation of effective income tax rate
   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                       2024      2023

   Income before income tax                                       415       431
   Canadian statutory rate (combined federal and provincial)     26.12 %   26.13 %
   Income tax expense at that statutory rate                      108       113

   Tax effects of:
     Rate differential between jurisdictions                        (6)      (4)
     Remeasurement of deferred income tax - change in tax rate      (3)      (2)
     Adjustments in respect of prior years' tax expense             (1)      (2)
     Changes in estimates related to prior years                    (2)      —

   Income tax expense                                              96       105




                                                                                  28
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



Deferred tax assets and liabilities

During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, movements in temporary differences are as follows:

                                                             Recognized
                                As at       Recognized in       in other   Recognized in           As at
(Amounts in millions of   December 31,       statement of comprehensive       translation    December 31,
Canadian dollars)                2023             income         income      adjustment             2024

Property, plant and
equipment (including
right-of-use assets)              (212)              (12)             —               (14)            (238)
Intangible assets                  (51)               (1)             —                (4)             (56)
Financial Instruments               (5)               —               —                —                (5)
Lease liabilities                   75                 1              —                 5               81
Reserves                            18                 3              —                 1               22
Deferred pension
benefit                                2              (1)             —                —                 1
Others                                (2)             —               —                —                (2)
Net deferred tax
liabilities                       (175)              (10)             —               (12)            (197)

                                                             Recognized
                                As at       Recognized in       in other   Recognized in           As at
                          December 31,       statement of comprehensive       translation    December 31,
                                 2022             income         income      adjustment             2023

Property, plant and
equipment (including
right-of-use assets)              (158)              (58)             —                 4             (212)
Intangible assets                  (50)               (2)             —                 1              (51)
Financial Instruments               (7)               —               2                —                (5)
Lease liabilities                   42                34              —                (1)              75
Reserves                            13                 5              —                —                18
Deferred pension
benefit                               2               —               —                —                 2
Others                                —               (1)             —                (1)              (2)
Net deferred tax
liabilities                       (158)              (22)              2                3             (175)

As of December 31, 2024, the Company did not recognize deferred income tax assets of six million dollars
(as at December 31, 2023 – six million dollars) in respect of capital losses amounting to $47 million (as at
December 31, 2023 – $44 million) that can be carried forward indefinitely against future taxable capital
gains.

Deferred income tax liabilities have not been recognized for the withholding tax and other taxes that would
be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries. Such amounts are permanently reinvested.
Unremitted earnings totaled $1,465 million as at December 31, 2024 (as at December 31, 2023 – $1,182
million).


                                                                                                         29
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2024 and 2023



   On June 19, 2024, Bill C-69 became substantively enacted for Canadian financial reporting purposes. Bill
   C-69 includes the Pillar Two rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
   Development and applies to fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2023. The Pillar Two model
   rules impose a 15% global minimum tax applicable to large multinational enterprises, to be applied in each
   country. The Pillar Two rules did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial
   statements.

17 Employee future benefits

   The Company recognizes costs for several types of employee future benefits. For its Canadian operations,
   the Company contributed to three defined benefit pension plans covering some salaried and non-union
   hourly wage employees and to a multi-employer plan for certain hourly employees. During the year ended
   December 31, 2024, the Company wound up of one of its defined benefit pension plans. Payments were
   made to settle all the benefits in the plan which resulted in a gain on settlement of less than one million
   dollars. As at December 31, 2024, the plan assets and projected benefit obligation for this plan were nil.

   Other post-employment benefits are offered to a portion of retired employees and consist of group health
   and dental care, life insurance and complementary retirement benefits. The defined benefit pension plans
   and other post-employment benefits plan are closed to new participants.

   For its U.S. operations, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Stella-Jones Corporation, contributes to
   two defined benefit pension plans. Only one of these pension plans remains open to new participants.

   All other active employees are entitled to a group registered retirement savings plan to which the Company
   matches one and a half times the employee contribution. The Company’s contribution cannot exceed 6.0%
   of the employee’s annual base salary.

   The recognized costs for employee future benefits are as follows:

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                2024            2023


   Contributions to group registered retirement savings plans                                 13             10
   Defined benefit pension plans                                                               1              1
   Contributions to multi-employer plan                                                        1              1
                                                                                              15             12

   The net amount recognized on the consolidated statements of financial position is detailed as follows:

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                2024            2023


   Employee future benefits
   Non-current liabilities:
     Net defined benefit pension liability                                                     (2)            (8)
     Other post-employment benefits liability                                                  (2)            (2)
                                                                                               (4)           (10)




                                                                                                              30
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



The Company’s Canadian defined benefit pension plans benefits are based on years of service and final
average earnings. The Stella-Jones Corporation defined benefit pension plans benefits consist of a flat dollar
amount payable monthly based on years of service. The other post-employment benefits plan is not funded.

The Company measures its accrued benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for accounting
purposes as at December 31 of each year.

There was no change in the accrued benefit obligation for the other post-employment benefits plan for the
year ended December 31, 2024 (for the year ended December 31, 2023 - nil).

The following table presents financial information related to the Company’s defined benefit pension plans,
other than the multi-employer defined benefit plan:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    2024           2023


Accrued benefit obligation
Balance – Beginning of year                                                                    32             30
Current service cost                                                                            1              1
Interest cost                                                                                   1              1
Benefits payments                                                                              (2)            (2)
Defined benefit obligation extinguished on settlement                                          (6)            —
Remeasurement adjustments
   Changes in financial assumptions                                                             (1)           2
Exchange difference                                                                              1            —

Balance – End of year                                                                          26             32

Plan assets
Fair value – Beginning of year                                                                 24             25
Interest income on plan assets                                                                  1              1
Return on plan asset excluding interest income                                                  1             —
Employer’s contributions                                                                        5              1
Asset distributed on settlement                                                                (5)            —
Effect of asset ceiling                                                                        —              (1)
Benefits paid                                                                                  (2)            (2)

Fair value – End of year                                                                       24             24

Net benefit liability                                                                           (2)           (8)

Risks associated with the Company’s defined benefit plans are similar to those of typical benefit plans,
including market risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, credit risk, currency risk and longevity risk. The most
significant risks are the exposure to asset volatility and changes in bond yields. Weaker than expected
investment returns and a decrease in corporate bond yields will increase the net benefit liability and worsen
the plans’ funded position.

A 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would increase the defined benefit obligation as at December 31,
2024 by one million dollars.


                                                                                                               31
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



Expected contributions to the defined benefit pension plans for the year ending December 31, 2025 are one
million dollars.

The items of the Company’s defined benefit plans costs recognized during the year are as follows:

Consolidated statement of income
(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                               2024          2023


Current service cost                                                                        1             1
Interest cost                                                                               1             1
Interest income on plan assets                                                             (1)           (1)
Total cost recognized                                                                       1             1

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Actuarial gains (losses)                                                                    1            (2)
Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) before income tax                     1            (2)

Accumulated actuarial losses recognized in other comprehensive income
Balance of actuarial losses as at January 1                                                (3)           (1)
Net actuarial gains (losses) recognized in the year, net of tax                             1            (2)
Balance of actuarial losses as at December 31                                              (2)           (3)

The significant weighted average assumptions used are as follows:

                                                             Defined benefit     Other post-employment
                                                             pension plans                plan
                                                               2024         2023       2024       2023
                                                                  %           %           %         %
Accrued benefit obligation as at December 31
Discount rate                                                  4.90         4.70          4.90         4.70
Rate of compensation increase                                  3.25         3.25            n/a          n/a

Benefit costs for the year ended December 31
Discount rate                                                  4.70         5.10          4.70         5.10

The percentage of plan assets held by the defined benefit plans consists of the following as at December 31:

                                                                                        2024          2023
                                                                                           %             %
Listed equity securities                                                                22            25
Listed debt securities                                                                  29            29
Guaranteed insurance contracts                                                          36            31
Real assets                                                                             13            14
Short-term investments and cash                                                         —              1

                                                                                       100 %         100 %

                                                                                                         32
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2024 and 2023



18 Commitments and contingencies

   a) The Company has issued guarantees under letters of credit and various bid and performance bonds for
      a total of $68 million (2023 – $48 million). The Company does not believe these guarantees are likely to
      be called on. As a result, no provisions have been recorded in the consolidated financial statements.
      The Company has also entered into a ten-year agreement to purchase renewable energy certificates for
      a total of eight million dollars (2023 – nil).

   b) The Company’s operations are subject to Canadian federal and provincial as well as U.S. federal and
      state environmental laws and regulations governing, among other matters, air emissions, waste
      management, wastewater effluent discharges and use of antimicrobial pesticide products. The Company
      takes measures to comply with such laws and regulations. However, the measures taken are subject to
      the uncertainties of changing legal requirements, enforcement practices and developing technological
      processes.

19 Financial instruments and management of financial risk

   Carrying values and fair values

   The Company has determined that the fair value of its current financial assets and financial liabilities
   approximates their carrying amounts as at the consolidated statement of financial position dates because of
   the short-term maturity of those instruments. The fair values of the non-current receivables and interest-
   bearing financial liabilities also approximate their carrying amounts unless otherwise disclosed elsewhere in
   these consolidated financial statements.

   The fair values of interest rate swap agreements have been determined and recorded using mark-to-market
   values as at December 31, 2024 and 2023 from third parties. These types of measurement fall under Level 2
   in the fair value hierarchy as per IFRS 7, Financial Instruments: Disclosures. A description of each level of
   the hierarchy is as follows:

           Level 1:      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
           Level 2:      Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for these assets
                         or liabilities, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
           Level 3:      Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data
                         (unobservable inputs).

   The following table provides a summary of the fair values:

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                        2024        2023

   Non-current assets
   Interest rate swap agreements                                                                      21          21

   Credit risk

   Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the other party by
   failing to discharge an obligation. As at December 31, 2024, the Company’s credit exposure consists
   primarily of the carrying amount of accounts receivable and derivative financial instruments.



                                                                                                                   33
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



Credit risk associated with derivative financial instruments is minimized by dealing with creditworthy financial
institutions.

The Company’s exposure to credit risk for accounts receivable is influenced mainly by the individual
characteristics of each customer. Management believes that the credit risk is limited because the Company
deals primarily with large-scale utilities, Class 1 railroad operators and large retailers as well as other major
corporations.

Management has established a credit policy under which each new customer is analyzed individually for
creditworthiness before the Company’s standard payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered.
The Company’s review includes external ratings, where available, and credit references from other suppliers.
Purchase limits are established for each customer, which represent the maximum open amount not requiring
additional approval from Management. A monthly review of the accounts receivable aging is performed by
Management. Customers that fail to meet the Company’s benchmark creditworthiness may transact with the
Company only on a prepayment basis.

Note 5 provides details on the receivable aging for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. The
Company’s largest customer had sales representing 14% of the total sales for the year ended
December 31, 2024 (for the year ended December 31, 2023 – 15%) and an account receivable balance of
$10 million as at December 31, 2024 (as at December 31, 2023 – nine million dollars). The sales for this
customer are included in the residential lumber product category.

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due.
The Company’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, on a long-term basis, that it will always have
sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without
incurring losses or risking damage to its reputation.

The operating activities of the Company are the primary source of cash flows. The Company also has credit
facilities (Note 11) which can be used for working capital and general corporate requirements. As at
December 31, 2024, the Company had $802 million of available liquidity, including $752 million (US$523
million) under the Company’s credit facilities.




                                                                                                              34
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



The following table details the maturities of the financial liabilities as at December 31:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                   2024
                                  Carrying Contractual        Less than          Years         Years   More than
                                   amount cash flows             1 year        2 and 3       4 and 5     5 years

Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities                              180           180           180           —             —           —
Long-term debt obligations*            1,380         1,710            62          299           686         663
Minimum payment under lease
liabilities*                             323           384            74          128            65         117
                                       1,883         2,274           316          427           751         780

                                                                                                           2023
                                    Carrying Contractual       Less than         Years         Years   More than
                                     amount cash flows            1 year       2 and 3       4 and 5     5 years

Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities                              204           204           204           —             —           —
Long-term debt obligations*            1,316         1,521           166          686           563         106
Minimum payment under lease
liabilities*                             294           345            63          106            72         104
                                       1,814         2,070           433          792           635         210
*Includes interest payments. Interest on variable interest debt is assumed to remain unchanged from the rates in
effect as at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.

Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates, will
affect the Company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk
management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters while optimizing
the return on risk.

Currency risk

A large portion of the Company's consolidated revenue and expenses are received or denominated in the
functional currency of the business units operating in the markets in which it does business. Accordingly, the
Company’s sensitivity to variations in foreign exchange rates is economically limited. The Company’s main
source of foreign exchange risk resides in the Canadian operations' business transactions denominated in
U.S. dollars. The Company’s objective in managing its foreign exchange risk is to minimize its exposure to
foreign currency cash flows and operations, by transacting with third parties in the functional currency of the
business units to the maximum extent possible and through the use of foreign exchange forward contracts.
As at December 31, 2024, the Company had no foreign exchange forward contract agreements in place.

The following table provides information on the impact of a 10% strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the
Canadian dollar on net income and other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended
December 31, 2024 and 2023. For a 10% weakening of the U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar, there
would be an equal and opposite impact on net income and other comprehensive income (loss).
This analysis considers the impact of foreign exchange variance on current financial assets and current
financial liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars which are on the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                              35
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2024 and 2023



   of the Canadian entities totaling four million dollars (seven million dollars as at December 31, 2023) and
   six million dollars (eight million dollars as at December 31, 2023), respectively. The foreign exchange impact
   for the U.S. dollar-denominated long-term debt, in the Canadian entities, has been included in the sensitivity
   analysis for other comprehensive income (loss), as the long-term debt is designated as a hedge of net
   investment in foreign operations (Note 11).

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                     2024         2023
   Decrease of net income                                                                          —            —
   Decrease of other comprehensive income                                                          29           22

   Interest rate risk

   The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements in order to reduce the impact of fluctuating interest
   rates on its long-term debt. These swap agreements require the periodic exchange of payments without the
   exchange of the notional principal amount on which the payments are based. As at December 31, 2024, the
   Company has mitigated its exposure to interest rate risk on long-term debt after giving effect to its interest
   rate swap agreements; 68% (2023 – 46%) of the Company’s long-term debt is at fixed rates.

   The Company designates its interest rate swap agreements as cash flow hedges of the underlying debt.
   Interest expense on the debt is adjusted to include the payments made or received under the interest rate
   swap agreements. The cash flow hedge documentation allows the Company to substitute the underlying
   debt as long as the hedge effectiveness is demonstrated. As at December 31, 2024, all cash flow hedges
   were effective.

   The following table summarizes the Company’s interest rate swap agreements as at December 31:

                                                                                               2024          2023
   Notional     Related debt                  Fixed    Effective date   Maturity date       Notional      Notional
   amount       instrument                      rate                                      equivalent    equivalent
                                                  %                                             CA$           CA$

   US$50        Revolving credit facilities 0.796*         Dec. 2021       Dec. 2026              72            66
   US$125       Term loan facility          1.0769**       July 2021       June 2028             180           166
   * Plus applicable margin based on pricing grid included in the revolving credit agreements.
   ** Plus set margin of 1.725%.

   During the year ended December 31, 2024, a 1% increase in interest rates would have increased interest
   expense by eight million dollars and decreased the net income recognized in other comprehensive income
   (loss) by approximately six million dollars. For a 1% decrease in the interest rates, there would be an
   opposite impact on interest expense and other comprehensive income (loss).

20 Capital disclosures

   The Company’s objective in managing capital is to ensure sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility to pursue
   its organic growth strategy and undertake accretive acquisitions, while at the same time maintaining a
   disciplined approach to financial leverage and management of financial risk. The Company manages its
   capital structure and makes corresponding adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions and the
   risk characteristics of the underlying assets. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company



                                                                                                                 36
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2024 and 2023



   may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, issue new shares or debt, acquire or sell assets,
   reduce the amount of existing debt or repurchase shares.

   The Company’s capital is composed of total debt, which includes lease liabilities, and shareholders’ equity,
   which includes capital stock. The primary measure used by the Company to monitor its capital is the
   leverage ratio, which it aims to maintain within a range of 2.0 to 2.5x. The leverage ratio is defined as net
   debt divided by EBITDA. Net debt is the sum of total long-term debt and lease liabilities (including the
   current portion) less cash and cash equivalents.

   The Company uses its capital to finance working capital requirements, capital expenditures and acquisitions.
   The Company currently funds these requirements out of its internally generated cash flows and its credit
   facilities. However, future acquisitions and growth opportunities may require new sources of financing.

21 Related party transactions

   Key management compensation

   Key management includes Stella-Jones Inc.’s non-executive directors, President and Chief Executive Officer
   and Senior Vice-Presidents. The compensation paid or payable to key management for services is as
   follows:

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                2024          2023
   Salaries, compensation and benefits                                                         8             9
   Share-based compensation                                                                    9             9

                                                                                              17            18

   Under their respective employment agreements and assuming their termination for reasons other than
   cause, illness, permanent incapacity, death or resignation occurred on December 31, 2024, the members of
   key management would be entitled to receive potential incremental payouts representing approximately
   $14 million.

22 Segment information

   The Company operates within two business segments which are the production and sale of pressure-treated
   wood and the procurement and sales of logs and lumber. The reportable segments are managed
   independently as the operational processes and capital requirements are different.

   The pressure-treated wood segment includes utility poles, railway ties, residential lumber and industrial
   products.

   The logs and lumber segment comprises of the sales of logs harvested in the course of the Company’s
   procurement process that are determined to be unsuitable for use as utility poles. Also included in this
   segment is the sale of excess lumber to local home-building markets. Assets and net income related to the
   logs and lumber segment are nominal.

   Operating plants are located in six Canadian provinces and 18 American states. The Company also operates
   a large procurement and distribution network across North America.




                                                                                                             37
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024 and 2023



Sales attributed to countries based on location of customer are as follows:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                 2024          2023


U.S.                                                                                     2,515         2,456
Canada                                                                                     954           863
                                                                                         3,469         3,319

Sales by product are as follows:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                 2024          2023

Utility poles                                                                            1,705         1,571
Railway ties                                                                               890           828
Residential lumber                                                                         614           645
Industrial products                                                                        154           148
    Pressure-treated wood                                                                3,363         3,192
    Logs and lumber                                                                        106           127
                                                                                         3,469         3,319

Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and goodwill attributed to the countries
based on location are as follows as at December 31:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                         2024                  2023

Property, plant and equipment
U.S.                                                                               765                   660
Canada                                                                             283                   246
                                                                                 1,048                   906

Right-of-use assets
U.S.                                                                               236                   230
Canada                                                                              75                    55
                                                                                   311                   285

Intangible assets
U.S.                                                                               115                   113
Canada                                                                              55                    56
                                                                                   170                   169

Goodwill
U.S.                                                                               385                   354
Canada                                                                              21                    21
                                                                                   406                   375


                                                                                                           38
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2024 and 2023



23 Subsequent events

   a) On February 4, 2025, the Company amended the U.S. Farm Credit Agreement in order to, among other
   things, extend the term of the Revolving Credit Facility of US$150 million from March 3, 2028 to February 4,
   2030 and increase the required level of net funded debt to EBITDA ratio to 3.75:1.00.

   b) On February 26, 2025, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.31 per common share
   payable on April 18, 2025 to shareholders of record at the close of business on April 1, 2025.




                                                                                                            39
