        Stella-Jones Inc.



Consolidated Financial Statements

  December 31, 2022 and 2021
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Financial Statements




December 31, 2022 and 2021

Management’s Statement of Responsibility for Financial Information

The consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of Management, and have been prepared in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards. Where necessary, Management has made judgments
and estimates of the outcome of events and transactions, with due consideration given to materiality.

The Company maintains a system of internal controls to provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of the
financial records and safeguarding of its assets. The consolidated financial statements have been audited by the
Company’s independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, and they have issued their report thereon.

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing Management in the performance of its responsibilities for
financial reporting. The Board of Directors exercises its responsibilities through the Audit Committee, which is
comprised of four independent directors. The Audit Committee meets from time to time with Management and
the Company’s independent auditors to review the consolidated financial statements and matters relating to the
audit. The Company’s independent auditors have full and free access to the Audit Committee. The consolidated
financial statements have been reviewed by the Audit Committee, who recommended their approval by the Board
of Directors.




(s) Eric Vachon                                          (s) Silvana Travaglini

Éric Vachon, CPA                                         Silvana Travaglini, CPA
President and Chief Executive Officer                    Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer

Saint-Laurent, Québec
March 7, 2023
Independent auditor’s report
To the Shareholders of Stella-Jones Inc.

Our opinion

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Stella-Jones Inc. and its subsidiaries (together, the Company) as at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years then ended
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IFRS).

What we have audited
The Company’s consolidated financial statements comprise:
     the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2022 and 2021;
     the consolidated statements of change in shareholders’ equity for the years then ended;
     the consolidated statements of income for the years then ended;
     the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years then ended;
     the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years then ended; and
     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and
      other explanatory information.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
the consolidated financial statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our
audit of the consolidated financial statements in Canada. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with these requirements.




PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
1250 René-Lévesque Boulevard West, Suite 2500, Montréal, Quebec, Canada H3B 4Y1
T: +1 514 205 5000, F: +1 514 876 1502
“PwC” refers to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an Ontario limited liability partnership.
Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming
our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Accuracy and existence of inventories                   Our approach to addressing the matter included the
                                                        following procedures, among others:
Refer to note 2 – Significant accounting policies and
                                                           Tested the operating effectiveness of controls
note 6 – Inventories to the consolidated financial
                                                            related to the matching of invoices, purchase
statements.
                                                            orders and receiving documents.
The Company’s inventories totalled $1,238 million          For a selection of locations of inventory counts
as at December 31, 2022. Inventories held in its            performed by management prior to year-end,
network across North America are comprised of raw           observed the inventory count procedures and
materials and finished goods. Raw materials are             performed independent test counts for a sample
valued at the lower of weighted average cost and            of inventory items.
net realizable value. Finished goods are valued at
                                                           Tested the inventories activity in the intervening
the lower of weighted average cost and net
                                                            period between the count date and the year-
realizable value and include the cost of raw
                                                            end date.
materials, other direct costs and manufacturing
overhead expenses. Net realizable value is the             For a sample of raw materials, tested the cost
estimated selling price less costs necessary                by agreeing to source documents, purchase
to make the sale.                                           orders and receiving documents, as applicable.
                                                           For a sample of inventory items for raw
We considered this a key audit matter due to the
                                                            materials and finished goods, recalculated the
magnitude of the inventories balance, the number of
                                                            weighted average cost.
inventory locations across the Company’s network,
and the audit effort involved in testing the               For a sample of finished goods, tested the cost
inventories balance.                                        of transferred materials from raw materials to
                                                            finished goods, by agreeing the cost transferred
                                                            to the carrying cost of the items previously
                                                            classified in raw materials.
                                                           Tested the allocation of other direct standard
                                                            costs attributed to finished goods during the
                                                            year, by comparing the other direct standard
                                                            costs for a sample of finished goods to the
                                                            direct standard cost list.
Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter


                                                            For a portion of inventory items, tested the
                                                             reasonability of the allocation of the
                                                             manufacturing overhead standard costs to
                                                             finished goods at year-end by comparing to the
                                                             prior year’s allocations.
                                                            Assessed whether variances related to other
                                                             direct and manufacturing overhead standard
                                                             costs needed to be capitalized into finished
                                                             goods to approximate actual cost.


Other information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis. which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report and the information,
other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, included in the annual
report, which is expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this
auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. When we read the information, other
than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, included in the annual report,
if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to
those charged with governance.

Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the
consolidated financial statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial
statements in accordance with IFRS, and for such internal control as management determines is
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate
the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial
reporting process.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and
are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
    whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
    obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of
    not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
    as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
    internal control.
   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
    that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
    effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by management.
   Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
    based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
    conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If
    we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report
    to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
    inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
    the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to
    cease to continue as a going concern.
   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
    including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
    transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
    business activities within the Company to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
    statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We
    remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Gregory Tremellen.

/s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP1

Montréal, Quebec
March 7, 2023




1 CPA auditor, public accountancy permit No. A119714
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
As at December 31, 2022 and 2021



(expressed in millions of Canadian dollars)

                                                                Note                  2022      2021
                                                                                         $         $
Assets

Current assets
Accounts receivable                                                5                   287        230
Inventories                                                        6                 1,238      1,106
Income taxes receivable                                                                 —           9
Other current assets                                                                    58         43
                                                                                     1,583      1,388
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                      7                   755        629
Right-of-use assets                                                8                   160        138
Intangible assets                                                  9                   171        158
Goodwill                                                           9                   369        341
Derivative financial instruments                                  19                    29          3
Other non-current assets                                                                 6          8
                                                                                     3,073      2,665
Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity
Current liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                          10                      201    162
Income taxes payable                                                                        7      1
Current portion of long-term debt                                 11                        1     33
Current portion of lease liabilities                               8                       41     35
Current portion of provisions and other long-term liabilities     12                        9     11
                                                                                          259    242
Non-current liabilities
Long-term debt                                                    11                   940        701
Lease liabilities                                                  8                   126        109
Deferred income taxes                                             16                   158        137
Provisions and other long-term liabilities                        12                    26         15
Employee future benefits                                          17                     7         13
                                                                                     1,516      1,217
Shareholders’ equity
Capital stock                                                     14                   194        208
Retained earnings                                                                    1,192      1,161
Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                 171         79
                                                                                     1,557      1,448
                                                                                     3,073      2,665
Commitments and contingencies                                     18
Subsequent events                                                 23
Approved by the Board of Directors,

(s) Katherine A. Lehman                                          (s) Karen Laflamme
Katherine A. Lehman                                              Karen Laflamme, FCPA, ASC
Director                                                         Director


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Change in Shareholders’ Equity
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021



(expressed in millions of Canadian dollars)

                                                               Accumulated other comprehensive income
                                                                      Translation of
                                                                          long-term
                                                                               debts
                                                             Foreign designated as
                                                            currency             net    Unrealized                    Total
                                    Capital   Retained    translation    investment   gains on cash           shareholders’
                                     stock    earnings    adjustment         hedges    flow hedges    Total          equity
                                          $          $              $              $              $       $               $
Balance – January 1, 2022              208       1,161           175             (98)             2     79            1,448

Comprehensive income (loss)
Net income                              —         241            —              —              —        —              241
Other comprehensive income (loss)       —           5            86            (13)            19       92              97

Comprehensive income (loss)             —         246            86            (13)            19       92             338

Dividends on common shares              —          (49)          —             —               —        —              (49)
Employee share purchase plans            1          —            —             —               —        —                1
Repurchase of common shares (note
14)                                    (15)       (166)          —              —              —        —             (181)
                                       (14)       (215)          —              —              —        —             (229)
Balance – December 31, 2022            194       1,192          261           (111)            21      171           1,557




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
  Stella-Jones Inc.
  Consolidated Statements of Change in Shareholders’ Equity...Continued
  For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021



(expressed in millions of Canadian dollars)

                                                               Accumulated other comprehensive income
                                                                      Translation of
                                                                          long-term
                                                                               debts
                                                             Foreign designated as       Unrealized
                                                            currency             net  (losses) gains                  Total
                                    Capital   Retained    translation    investment    on cash flow           shareholders’
                                     stock    earnings    adjustment         hedges          hedges   Total          equity
                                          $          $              $              $               $      $               $
Balance – January 1, 2021              214       1,079           179             (98)             (1)   80            1,373

Comprehensive income (loss)
Net income                              —         227            —             —               —        —              227
Other comprehensive income (loss)       —           2            (4)           —                3       (1)              1


Comprehensive income (loss)             —         229             (4)          —                3       (1)            228


Dividends on common shares              —          (47)          —             —               —        —              (47)
Employee share purchase plans            2          —            —             —               —        —                2
Repurchase of common shares (note
14)                                     (8)       (100)          —              —              —        —             (108)
                                        (6)       (147)          —              —              —        —             (153)
Balance – December 31, 2021            208       1,161          175            (98)             2       79           1,448




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Income
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021



(expressed in millions of Canadian dollars, except earnings per common share)

                                                                              Note         2022    2021
                                                                                              $       $
Sales                                                                                     3,065   2,750

Expenses

Cost of sales (including depreciation and amortization of $74 (2021 - $63))               2,541   2,294
Selling and administrative (including depreciation and amortization of $15
  (2021 - $11))                                                                             157     127
Other losses, net                                                                             8       3
                                                                                15        2,706   2,424
Operating income                                                                            359     326

Financial expenses                                                              15          33      23



Income before income taxes                                                                 326     303

Income tax expense
Current                                                                         16          79      64
Deferred                                                                        16           6      12

                                                                                            85      76

Net income                                                                                 241     227

Basic and diluted earnings per common share                                     14         3.93    3.49




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021



(expressed in millions of Canadian dollars)

                                                                                      2022       2021
                                                                                         $          $

Net income                                                                                241    227

Other comprehensive income (loss)
Items that may subsequently be reclassified to net income
Gains (losses) on translation of financial statements of foreign operations                86      (4)
Losses on translation of long-term debt designated as hedges of net
    investment in foreign operations                                                      (13)    —
Change in fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges                         26     4
Income tax on change in fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow
    hedges                                                                                 (7)     (1)

Items that will not subsequently be reclassified to net income
Remeasurements of post-retirement benefit obligations                                       6       3
Income taxes on remeasurements of post-retirement benefit obligations                      (1)     (1)

                                                                                           97      1

Comprehensive income                                                                      338    228




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Stella-Jones Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021



(expressed in millions of Canadian dollars)
                                                                         Note       2022    2021
                                                                                       $       $
Cash flows from (used in)
Operating activities
Net income                                                                           241    227
Adjustments for
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                               7         31     25
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                         8         42     38
Amortization of intangible assets                                           9         16     11
Financial expenses                                                         15         33     23
Income tax expense                                                         16         85     76
Other                                                                                  9    (12)
                                                                                     457    388

Changes in non-cash working capital components
Accounts receivable                                                                  (43)   (19)
Inventories                                                                          (75)   (21)
Other current assets                                                                  (9)    (7)
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                              22     24
                                                                                    (105)   (23)
Interest paid                                                                        (32)   (23)
Income taxes paid                                                                    (65)   (91)
                                                                                     255    251
Financing activities
Proceeds from short-term debt                                                         —      125
Repayment of short-term debt                                                          —     (123)
Net change in revolving credit facilities                                  11        139     (13)
Proceeds from long-term debt                                               11         63     247
Repayment of long-term debt                                                11        (33)   (105)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                             11        (41)    (35)
Dividends on common shares                                                           (49)    (47)
Repurchase of common shares                                                14       (180)   (108)
Other                                                                                 —        1
                                                                                    (101)    (58)
Investing activities
Business combinations                                                       4        (46)   (129)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                   7        (97)    (48)
Additions of intangible assets                                              9        (11)    (16)
                                                                                    (154)   (193)
Net change in cash and cash equivalents during the year                               —       —
Cash and cash equivalents – Beginning of year                                         —       —
Cash and cash equivalents – End of year                                               —       —




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2022 and 2021



1   Description of the business

    Stella-Jones Inc. (with its subsidiaries, either individually or collectively, referred to as the “Company”) is North
    America’s leading producer of pressure-treated wood products. It supplies the continent’s major electrical utilities
    and telecommunication companies with wood utility poles and North America’s Class 1, short line and
    commercial railroad operators with railway ties and timbers. The Company also provides industrial products,
    which include wood for railway bridges and crossings, marine and foundation pilings, construction timbers and
    coal tar-based products. Additionally, the Company manufactures and distributes premium treated residential
    lumber and accessories to Canadian and American retailers for outdoor applications, with a significant portion of
    the business devoted to servicing the Canadian market through its national manufacturing and distribution
    network. The Company has treating and pole peeling facilities across Canada and the United States and sells its
    products primarily in these two countries. The Company’s headquarters are located at 3100 de la Côte-Vertu
    Blvd., in Saint-Laurent, Quebec, Canada. The Company is incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations
    Act, and its common shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) under the stock symbol SJ.

2   Significant accounting policies

    Basis of presentation

    The Company prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting
    Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”) and Chartered Professional
    Accountants Canada Handbook Accounting Part I.

    These consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on March 7, 2023.

    Basis of measurement

    The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
    derivative financial instruments and certain long-term liabilities which are measured at fair value. The Company
    has consistently applied the same accounting policies for all periods presented, unless otherwise stated.

    Principles of consolidation

    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Stella-Jones Inc. and its controlled subsidiaries.
    Intercompany transactions and balances between these companies have been eliminated. All consolidated
    subsidiaries are wholly owned. The significant subsidiaries within the legal structure of the Company are as
    follows:
                                                                                                   Country of
    Subsidiary                                       Parent                                        incorporation
    Stella-Jones U.S. Holding Corporation            Stella-Jones Inc.                             United States
    Stella-Jones Corporation                         Stella-Jones U.S. Holding Corporation         United States

    On December 31, 2022, Cahaba Pressure Treated Forest Products, Inc. and Cahaba Timber, Inc. (together
    “Cahaba”) were merged with Stella-Jones Corporation to continue as Stella-Jones Corporation.

    The Company controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with
    the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The existence and effect of
    potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible are considered when assessing whether the

                                                                                                                     (1)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



Company controls another entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred
to the Company. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

Business combinations

The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when the acquired set of activities
and assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to the Company. In determining whether a
particular set of activities and assets is a business, the Company assesses whether the set of assets and activities
acquired includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process and whether the acquired set has the ability to
produce outputs.

The consideration transferred for the business acquired is the fair value of the assets transferred, the liabilities
assumed, and the equity interests issued by the Company. The consideration transferred also includes the fair
value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired
and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair
values at the acquisition date. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

The excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the fair value of any non-controlling interest in the
acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of
the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than the
fair value of the net assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognized directly in the consolidated
statement of income as a bargain purchase gain. Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred,
the amounts payable in the future are discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount
rate used is the Company’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be
obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions.

Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial
liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated
statement of income.

Accounting policies of the subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the
policies adopted by the Company.

Foreign currency translation

a) Functional and presentation currency

    Items included in the financial statements of each of the Company’s entities are measured using the currency
    of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The
    consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is the Company’s functional and
    presentation currency. All amounts have been rounded to the nearest million, unless otherwise indicated.

b) Foreign currency transactions

    Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at
    the dates of the transactions. Revenues and expenses denominated in a foreign currency are translated by
    applying the monthly average exchange rates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
    currencies are translated at the rate in effect at the consolidated statement of financial position date. Non-
    monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at cost are translated at

                                                                                                                 (2)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



    historical exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are
    measured at fair value are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair
    value was determined.

    Foreign currency differences are generally recognized in the consolidated statement of income within other
    losses (gains), net. They are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders’
    equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges.

c) Foreign operations

    The financial statements of operations that have a functional currency different from that of the Company are
    translated using the rate in effect at the consolidated statement of financial position date for assets and
    liabilities, and the monthly average exchange rates during the year for revenues and expenses. Adjustments
    arising from this translation are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders’
    equity. Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as
    assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the rate in effect at the consolidated statement of
    financial position date.

d) Hedges of net investments in foreign operations

    Foreign currency differences arising on the translation of financial liabilities designated as a hedge of net
    investment in foreign operations are recognized within equity in other comprehensive income (loss) to the
    extent that the hedge is effective. To the extent that the hedge is ineffective, such differences are recognized in
    the consolidated statement of income, within other losses (gains), net. When the hedged portion of a net
    investment (the subsidiary) is disposed of, the relevant amount in equity is transferred to the consolidated
    statement of income as part of the gain or loss on disposal.

Revenue recognition

The Company sells treated and untreated wood products (the “Products”), as well as wood treating services.
Revenue from the sale of Products is recognized when the Company satisfies a performance obligation by
transferring a promised Product to a customer. Products are considered to be transferred once the customer takes
control of them, being either at the Company’s manufacturing site or at the customer’s location. Control of the
Products refers to the ability to direct its use and obtain substantially all the remaining benefits from the Product.

The Company offers to treat wood products owned by third parties. Revenue from these treating services is
recognized using the point in time criteria since there is a short manufacturing timeframe to treat wood products.

Product sales can be subject to retrospective volume discounts based on aggregate sales over a 12-month period,
per certain contractual conditions. Revenue from these sales is recognized based on the price specified in the
contract, net of the estimated volume discounts. The Company’s significant experience is used to estimate and
provide for the discounts, using the expected value method, and revenue is only recognized to the extent that it is
highly probable that a reversal will not occur. A liability is recognized for expected volume discounts payable to
customers in relation to sales transacted to the end of the reporting period.

Product sales may also be subject to retrospective price discounts based on aggregate sales over a 12-month
period, according to certain contractual conditions. Revenue from these sales is recognized based on the expected
average sales price over the specified period. Accumulated experience is used to estimate and provide for the
price discounts, using the expected value method, and revenue is only recognized to the extent that it is highly

                                                                                                                     (3)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



probable that specified contractual conditions will be met. The customer is invoiced at the contract price and a
liability is recognized to adjust to the average price.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, bank balances and short-term liquid investments with initial
maturities of three months or less.

Accounts receivable

Accounts receivable are amounts due from customers from the sale of products or services rendered in the
ordinary course of business. Accounts receivable are classified as current assets if payment is due within 12
months or less. Accounts receivable are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized
cost, less credit loss allowance.

Inventories

Inventories of raw materials are valued at the lower of weighted average cost and net realizable value. Finished
goods are valued at the lower of weighted average cost and net realizable value and include the cost of raw
materials, other direct costs and manufacturing overhead expenses. Net realizable value is the estimated selling
price less costs necessary to make the sale.

Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost, including borrowing costs incurred during the construction
period, less accumulated depreciation and impairment. The Company allocates the amount initially recognized in
respect of an item of property, plant and equipment to its significant parts, and depreciates separately each such
part. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis using rates based on the estimated useful lives of the assets.

                                                                             Useful life

    Buildings                                                              7 to 60 years
    Production equipment                                                   5 to 60 years
    Rolling stock                                                          3 to 20 years
    Office equipment                                                       2 to 10 years

The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
period. The depreciation expense is included in cost of sales in the consolidated statement of income.

Financial expenses

Borrowing costs are recognized as financial expenses in the consolidated statement of income in the period in
which they are incurred. Borrowing costs attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
assets are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended
use.




                                                                                                                    (4)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



Leases

The Company leases certain property, plant and equipment and recognizes a right-of-use asset and liability at the
lease commencement date. Right-of-use assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the term of the
lease, and the related liabilities represent the obligation to make the lease payments arising from the lease. Right-
of-use assets and the related liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value
of the lease payments over the term of the lease, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that
rate cannot be readily determined, the Company’s incremental borrowing rate. Renewal and termination options
are included in the lease terms when it is reasonably certain that they will be exercised.

Lease payments comprise of fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments, the exercise price under a
purchase option that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in an optional renewal period
that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise and penalties for early termination of a lease if the Company is
reasonably certain to terminate. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The
interest element of the finance cost is charged to the consolidated statement of income over the lease term so as to
produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to
the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Company by the end
of the lease term or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Company will exercise a purchase option. In
that case, the right-of-use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is
determined on the same basis as those of property and equipment. The depreciation expense is included in cost of
sales and selling and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of income.

The Company has elected not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a
lease-term of less than 12 months and leases of low-value assets. Payments associated with short-term leases and
low-value assets are charged to the consolidated statement of income on a straight-line basis over the term of the
lease.

Intangible assets

Intangible assets with finite useful lives are recorded at cost and are amortized over their useful lives. Intangible
assets with indefinite useful lives are recorded at cost and are not amortized. The amortization method and
estimate of the useful life of an intangible asset are reviewed on an annual basis.

                                                                     Method                       Useful life

    Software                                                    Straight-line                  5 to 10 years
    Customer relationships                                      Straight-line                 10 to 12 years
    Customer relationships                                 Declining balance                     4% to 20%
    Creosote registration                                                   -                     Indefinite

Cutting rights are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment. Amortization is provided on the
basis of timber volumes harvested. Amortization amounts are charged to operations based on a pro rata
calculation of timber volumes harvested over the estimated volumes to be harvested during a 40-year period and
are applied against the historical cost.



                                                                                                                  (5)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



Development costs that are directly attributable to the design, development, implementation, and testing of
identifiable software products are recognized as software if certain criteria are met, including technical feasibility
and intent and ability to develop and use the software to generate probable future economic benefits; otherwise
they are expensed as incurred. Configuration or customization costs in a cloud computing arrangement that do not
meet capitalization criteria are expensed and presented in the consolidated statement of income. Directly
attributable costs that are capitalized include software related, employee and third-party development costs.

The amortization expense is included in cost of sales and selling and administrative expense in the consolidated
statement of income.

The creosote registration is subject to an annual impairment test or more frequently if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that it might be impaired.

Goodwill

Goodwill is not amortized and tested annually for impairment, or more frequently, whenever indicators of
potential impairment exist. Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed. For the purpose of impairment
testing, goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit
from the business combination in which the goodwill arose. The Company defines CGUs as either plants
specialized in the treatment of utility poles and residential lumber or plants specialized in the treatment of railway
ties.

Impairment

The carrying values of non-financial assets with finite lives, such as property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets with finite useful lives, are assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets that are not amortized are tested at least
annually for impairment or when events or changes in circumstances warrant such consideration. For the purpose
of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash
flows (CGUs).

Impairments are recorded when the recoverable amounts of assets are less than their carrying amounts. The
recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less cost of disposal and its value in use (being the
present value of the expected future cash flows of the relevant asset or CGU).

Non-financial assets other than goodwill that have suffered impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the
impairment when events or changes in circumstances warrant such consideration.

Provisions

Provisions for site remediation and other provisions are recognized when the Company has a legal or constructive
obligation as a result of past events, when it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the
obligation and when a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. If some or all of the
expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed by another party, the reimbursement is
recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position as a separate asset, but only if it is virtually certain
that reimbursement will be received.




                                                                                                                  (6)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation
using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognized as a financial expense.

The Company considers the current portion of the provision to be an obligation whose settlement is expected to
occur within the next 12 months.

Site remediation obligations

Site remediation obligations relate to the discounted present value of estimated future expenditures associated
with the obligations of restoring the environmental integrity of certain properties. The Company reviews estimates
of future site remediation expenditures on an ongoing basis and records any revisions, along with the accretion
expense on existing obligations, in other losses (gains), net in the consolidated statement of income.

At each reporting date, the liability is remeasured for changes in discount rates and in the estimate of the amount,
timing and cost of the work to be carried out.

Income taxes

The income tax expense for the period is the tax payable on the current year’s taxable income based on the
applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the
end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company operates and generates taxable income.
Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax
regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected
to be paid to the tax authorities.

Deferred income tax is recognized using the liability method on temporary differences arising between the tax
bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However,
deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income
tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a
business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.
Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by
the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or
the deferred income tax liability is settled.

Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilize
those temporary differences and losses.

Current and deferred tax is recognized in the consolidated statement of income, except to the extent that it relates
to items recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also
recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) or directly in equity, respectively.




                                                                                                                      (7)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



Employee future benefits

Defined benefit pension plan

The Company accrues obligations and related costs under defined benefit pension plans, net of plan assets. The
cost of pensions earned by employees is actuarially determined using the projected unit credit method and
Management’s best estimate of expected plan investment performance, salary escalation, retirement ages of
employees and discount rates on obligations. Past service costs from plan amendments are recognized in net
income when incurred. Remeasurements consisting of actuarial gains and losses, the actual return on plan assets
(excluding the net interest component) and any change in the asset ceiling are charged or credited to other
comprehensive income (loss). These amounts are recognized immediately in retained earnings without recycling
to the consolidated statement of income in subsequent periods.

Other post-employment benefit program

The Company provides other post-employment benefits to certain retirees. The entitlement to these benefits is
usually conditional on the employee remaining in service up to retirement age and the completion of a minimum
service period. The expected costs of these benefits are attributed from the date when service by the employee
first leads to benefits under the plan, until the date when further service by the employee will lead to no material
amount of further benefits. The cost of future benefits earned by employees is established by actuarial calculations
using the projected benefit method pro-rated on years of service based on Management’s best estimate of
economic and demographic assumptions. Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and
changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to other comprehensive income (loss) in the period in
which they arise and are recognized immediately in retained earnings without recycling to the consolidated
statement of income in subsequent periods.

Share-based payments

The Company operates a number of equity-settled and cash-settled share-based compensation plans under which
it receives services from employees and non-executive directors as consideration for equity instruments of the
Company or cash payments. Equity-settled share-based payments are comprised of the stock option plan and
cash-settled share-based payments include restricted stock units (“RSUs”), performance stock units (“PSUs”) and
deferred share units (“DSUs”).

Equity-settled plan

The Company accounts for stock options granted to employees using the fair value method. Under this method,
compensation expense for stock options granted is measured at fair value at the grant date using the Black-
Scholes option pricing model and is recognized in the consolidated statement of income over the vesting period of
the options granted, with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus. For options with graded vesting, each
tranche is considered a separate grant with a different vesting date and fair value. Any consideration paid on the
exercise of stock options is credited to capital stock together with any related share-based compensation expense
included in contributed surplus.

Cash-settled plan

The Company has liability-based awards, RSUs, PSUs and DSUs, which are initially measured at fair value at the
grant date using an option pricing model. Until the liability is settled, the fair value of that liability is remeasured
at each reporting date, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statement of income. The

                                                                                                                    (8)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



compensation expenses are recognized in the consolidated statement of income over the vesting periods, based on
the fair value of the awards at the end of each reporting period. Where RSUs and PSUs are forfeited due to a
failure by the employee to satisfy the service conditions, any expenses previously recognized in relation to such
units are reversed effective from the date of the forfeiture.

Financial instruments

The Company recognizes a financial asset or a financial liability in its consolidated statement of financial position
when it becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. At initial recognition, the Company
measures a financial asset or a financial liability at its fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset or a
financial liability not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
acquisition or issue of the financial asset or the financial liability.

Financial assets

The Company will classify financial assets as subsequently measured at amortized cost, fair value through other
comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss, based on its business model for managing the financial
asset and the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics. The three categories are defined as follows:

a) Amortized cost - a financial asset is measured at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met:

    –   the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual
        cash flows; and

    –   the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
        payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

b) Fair value through other comprehensive income - financial assets are classified and measured at fair value
   through other comprehensive income if they are held in a business model whose objective is achieved by both
   collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets, where those cash flows represent solely
   payments of principal and interest.

c) Fair value through profit or loss - any financial assets that are not held in one of the two business models
   mentioned in a) and b) are measured at fair value through profit or loss.

If the Company changes its business model for managing financial assets it must reclassify all affected financial
assets.

The Company’s financial assets are comprised of cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable and derivative
financial instruments. Cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable are measured at amortized cost.

Derivative financial instruments that are not designated as hedging instruments are measured at fair value through
profit or loss. Derivative financial instruments that are designated as hedging instruments are measured at fair
value through other comprehensive income.

A financial asset is derecognized when the Company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset
and has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset or the contractual rights to the cash flows
from the financial asset expire.


                                                                                                                      (9)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



When the transfer of a customer receivable results in the derecognition of the asset, the corresponding cash
proceeds are classified as cash flows from operating activities.

Financial liabilities

The Company’s financial liabilities include accounts payable and accrued liabilities, long-term debt and derivative
financial instruments. Accounts payable and accrued liabilities and long-term debt are measured at amortized cost.
Derivative financial instruments that are not designated as hedging instruments are initially recognized at fair
value and are re-measured at each reporting date with any changes therein recognized in profit or loss. After
initial recognition, an entity cannot reclassify any financial liability.

The Company derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled, or
expire. The Company also derecognizes a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the
modified liability are substantially different, in which case a new financial liability based on the modified terms is
recognized at fair value. On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount
extinguished and the consideration paid is recognized in the consolidated statement of income.

Impairment

The Company assesses, on a forward-looking basis, the expected credit losses associated with its financial assets
carried at amortized cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant
increase in credit risk. For trade receivables, the Company applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9,
Financial Instruments, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the
receivables.

Hedging transactions

As part of its hedging strategy, the Company considers derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange
forward contracts to limit its exposure under contracted cash inflows of sales denominated in U.S. dollars. The
Company also considers interest rate swap agreements in order to reduce the impact of fluctuating interest rates
on its long-term debt. At inception of designated hedging relationships, the Company documents the risk
management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The Company also documents the economic
relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument. These derivative financial instruments are
treated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes and are fair valued through other comprehensive income.

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash
flow hedges is recognized in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective
portion is recognized immediately in profit or loss, within other losses (gains), net.

When forward contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Company generally designates only the
change in fair value of the forward contract related to the spot component as the hedging instrument. Gains or
losses relating to the effective portion of the change in the spot component of the forward contracts are recognized
in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity. The change in the forward element of the contract that relates to the
hedged item is recognized within other comprehensive income (loss) in the costs of hedging reserve within equity.
In some cases, the Company may designate the full change in fair value of the forward contract (including
forward points) as the hedging instrument. In such cases, the gains or losses relating to the effective portion of the
change in fair value of the entire forward contract are recognized in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity.
Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss.


                                                                                                                 (10)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2022 and 2021



    When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for
    hedge accounting, any cumulative deferred gain or loss and deferred costs of hedging in equity at that time
    remains in equity until the forecast transaction occurs. When the forecast transaction is no longer expected to
    occur, the cumulative gain or loss and deferred costs of hedging that were reported in equity are immediately
    reclassified to net income.

    Earnings per share

    Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net income for the period attributable to the common
    shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year.

    Diluted earnings per share is calculated using the treasury stock method. Under this method, earnings per share
    data are computed as if the options were exercised at the beginning of the year (or at the time of issuance, if later)
    and as if the funds obtained from exercise were used to purchase common shares of the Company at the average
    market price during the period.

    Segment reporting

    Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
    decision maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
    performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the senior management team, which makes
    strategic and operational decisions.

3   Critical accounting estimates and judgements

    The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires Management to make
    estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
    assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
    during the reporting period. Significant items subject to estimates and assumptions include the estimated useful
    life of assets, recoverability of long-lived assets and goodwill and determination of the fair value of the assets
    acquired and liabilities assumed in the context of an acquisition. Management also makes estimates and
    assumptions in the context of business combination mainly with sales forecast, margin forecast, income tax rate
    and discount rate. It is possible that actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences could be
    material. Estimates are reviewed periodically and, as adjustments become necessary, they are reported in the
    consolidated statement of income in the period in which they become known.

4   Business combination

    2022 Acquisitions
    a) On November 1, 2022, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of the wood utility pole
    manufacturing business of Texas Electric Cooperatives, Inc. (“TEC”). TEC produces southern yellow pine utility
    poles using predominantly creosote preservatives at its wood treating facility in Jasper, Texas and was acquired
    for synergistic reasons.

    The total consideration for the acquisition was $42 million (US$31 million) and included deferred consideration,
    comprising of amounts payable at future dates totaling four million dollars (US$3 million). Excluding acquisition-
    related costs of less than one million dollars recognized in the consolidated statement of income under selling and
    administrative expenses, the cash outlay was $38 million, financed through the Company’s existing credit


                                                                                                                     (11)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



facilities. The deferred consideration bears no interest and was recorded at fair value using an effective interest
rate of 6%.

As at the reporting date, the Company had not completed the purchase price allocation to the fair value of the
identifiable net assets acquired and goodwill. The fair value determination of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed was based on Management’s best estimates and information known at the time of preparing these
consolidated financial statements. This fair value determination is expected to be completed within 12 months of
the acquisition date and consequently, significant changes could occur mainly with respect to intangible assets and
goodwill. The information that was available to the Company was affected by the proximity of the acquisition to
its year-end. If new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the date of acquisition
identifies adjustments to the below amounts, or any additional provisions that existed at the date of acquisition,
the accounting for this acquisition will be revised.

The following is a preliminary summary of the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and the consideration
transferred at fair value as at the acquisition date. The original transaction was made in U.S. dollars and converted
into Canadian dollars as at the acquisition date.

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)
Assets acquired
Inventories                                                                                                       6
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                    21
Right-of-use assets                                                                                               1
Intangible assets                                                                                                10
Goodwill                                                                                                          5
                                                                                                                 43

Liabilities assumed
Lease liabilities                                                                                                 1
                                                                                                                  1

Total net assets acquired                                                                                        42

Cash                                                                                                             38
Deferred consideration                                                                                            4
Consideration transferred                                                                                        42

The Company’s valuation of intangible assets has mainly identified customer relationships having a useful life of
10 years. Significant assumptions used in the determination of intangible assets, as defined by Management,
include year-over-year sales growth, discount rate and operating income before depreciation and amortization
margin. Goodwill is deductible for U.S. tax purposes and represents the future economic value associated with the
acquired workforce and synergies with the Company’s operations. For impairment test purposes, goodwill is
allocated to a CGU defined as plants specialized in the treatment of utility poles and residential lumber.

In the period from November 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, the sales and net income of TEC amounted to eight
million dollars and one million dollars, respectively.



                                                                                                                (12)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021




b) On July 22, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of substantially all of the operating assets of the
Dinsmore Trucking group (“Dinsmore”), a specialty poles and logs carrier and transportation business.
Dinsmore’s operations are principally located in Ontario and Alberta and their services extend across Canada and
to parts of the United-States. This acquisition will provide the Company with increased control and flexibility of
transport operations to service its network and customers.

The cash outlay associated with this acquisition was eight million dollars, excluding acquisition-related costs of
less than a million dollars recognized in the consolidated statement of income under selling and administrative
expenses. The Company financed this acquisition through its existing credit facilities. The consideration
transferred is also comprised of an amount payable of approximately one million dollars.

The following is a final summary of the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and the consideration transferred
at fair value as at the acquisition date.

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)
Assets acquired
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                   7
Right-of-use assets                                                                                             3
Goodwill                                                                                                        2
                                                                                                               12

Liabilities assumed
Lease liabilities                                                                                               3
                                                                                                                3

Total net assets acquired                                                                                       9

Cash                                                                                                            8
Deferred consideration                                                                                          1
Consideration transferred                                                                                       9

Goodwill is deductible for Canadian tax purposes and represents the future economic value associated with the
acquired workforce and synergies with the Company’s operations. For impairment test purposes, goodwill is
allocated to a CGU defined as plants specialized in the treatment of utility poles and residential lumber.

In the period from July 22, 2022 to December 31, 2022, the sales and net income of Dinsmore amounted to less
than a million dollars and nil, respectively.

2021 Acquisitions
On November 19, 2021, the Company concluded the acquisitions of Cahaba Pressure Treated Forest Products,
Inc. and Cahaba Timber, Inc. Given the proximity to the end of the year, the Company had not yet completed its
fair value assessment of the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and goodwill as at December 31, 2021.

As required by IFRS 3, the provisional fair values have been reassessed in light of information obtained during
the measurement period following the acquisition. As at December 31, 2022, the Company finalized the
assessment of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to this acquisition. The final
determination of the fair values did not require any significant adjustments to the preliminary assessments.
                                                                                                              (13)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2022 and 2021




5   Accounts receivable

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                            2022                  2021

    Trade receivables                                                                    270                    218
    Other receivables                                                                     17                     12

                                                                                         287                    230

    The aging of gross trade receivables at each reporting date was as follows:

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                            2022                  2021

    Current                                                                              185                    148
    Past due 1-30 days                                                                    54                     41
    Past due 31-60 days                                                                   12                     10
    Past due more than 60 days                                                            19                     19

                                                                                         270                    218

    In the normal course of its business, the Company has entered into facilities with certain financial institutions
    whereby it can sell, without credit recourse, eligible receivables to the concerned financial institutions.

6   Inventories

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                            2022                  2021

    Raw materials                                                                        770                    692
    Finished goods                                                                       468                    414

                                                                                        1,238                 1,106




                                                                                                                (14)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2022 and 2021



7   Property, plant and equipment

                                                                  Production      Rolling
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)    Land   Buildings equipment        stock      Others       Total


    As at January 1, 2021
    Cost                                          58         133         512          28          20         751
    Accumulated depreciation                      —          (30)       (114)        (21)        (12)       (177)

    Net book amount                               58         103         398           7           8        574

    Year ended December 31, 2021
    Opening net book amount                       58         103         398           7           8        574
    Business combination                           1          10          18           5          —          34
    Additions                                      2           5          37           2           2         48
    Disposals / impairments                       —           —           (1)         (1)         —          (2)
    Depreciation                                  —           (4)        (18)         (2)         (1)       (25)

    Closing net book amount                       61         114         434          11           9        629

    As at December 31, 2021
    Cost                                          61         147         566          31          22         827
    Accumulated depreciation                      —          (33)       (132)        (20)        (13)       (198)

    Net book amount                               61         114         434          11           9        629

    Year ended December 31, 2022
    Opening net book amount                       61         114         434          11           9        629
    Business combination                           1           5          16           6          —          28
    Additions                                      4          18          79           2          —         103
    Disposals / impairments                       —           —           (3)         —           (2)        (5)
    Depreciation                                  —           (4)        (23)         (3)         (1)       (31)
    Exchange differences                           2           7          22          —           —          31

    Closing net book amount                       68         140         525          16           6        755

    As at December 31, 2022
    Cost                                          68         179         681          35          18         981
    Accumulated depreciation                      —          (39)       (156)        (19)        (12)       (226)

    Net book amount                               68         140         525          16           6        755

    As at December 31, 2022, nine million dollars is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities for the
    purchases of property and equipment (December 31, 2021 – three million dollars).

    As at December 31, 2022, $66 million (Buildings – $10 million and Production equipment – $56 million)
    (December 31, 2021 – $39 million (Buildings – seven million dollars and Production equipment – $32 million))
    of property and equipment was under construction and not yet subject to depreciation.



                                                                                                             (15)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2022 and 2021



8   Leases

    The consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to leases:

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                               2022                   2021

    Right-of use assets
    Rolling stock                                                                           128                     112
    Land                                                                                     28                      21
    Other assets                                                                              4                       5
                                                                                            160                     138

    Lease liabilities
    Current lease liabilities                                                                41                      35
    Non-current lease liabilities                                                           126                     109
                                                                                            167                     144

    The following table provides a reconciliation of the right-of-use assets, presented in the consolidated statements of
    financial position for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

    Right-of-use
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)            Rolling stock            Land     Other assets           Total

    As at January 1, 2021                                          107               24               4             135
    Additions                                                       37                1               3              41
    Disposals                                                       (1)              —               —               (1)
    Depreciation                                                   (31)              (4)             (3)            (38)
    Remeasurement                                                   —                —                1               1
    As at December 31, 2021                                        112               21               5             138

    Business combination                                             3                1              —                4
    Additions                                                       44                6               1              51
    Disposals                                                       (2)              —               —               (2)
    Depreciation                                                   (36)              (3)             (3)            (42)
    Remeasurement                                                   —                 2               1               3
    Exchange differences                                             7                1              —                8
    As at December 31, 2022                                        128               28               4             160




                                                                                                                    (16)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2022 and 2021



    The following table provides a reconciliation of the lease liabilities, presented in the consolidated statements of
    financial position for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

    Lease liabilities
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)             Rolling stock            Land     Other assets           Total

    As at January 1, 2021                                           108               27               4             139
    Payments under lease agreements                                 (32)              (4)             (3)            (39)
    Finance costs                                                     3                1              —                4
    Additions                                                        37                1               3              41
    Lease termination payments                                       (1)              —               —               (1)
    Remeasurement                                                    —                —                1               1
    Exchange differences                                             (1)              —               —               (1)
    As at December 31, 2021                                         114               25               5             144

    Payments under lease agreements                                 (38)              (4)             (3)            (45)
    Finance costs                                                     3                1              —                4
    Business combination                                              3                1              —                4
    Additions                                                        44                6               1              51
    Lease termination payments                                       (2)              —               —               (2)
    Remeasurement                                                    —                 2               1               3
    Exchange differences                                              7                1              —                8
    As at December 31, 2022                                         131               32               4             167

    The Company leases various rolling stock (mobile equipment, road vehicles and rail cars), land and other assets.
    Leases are typically made for fixed periods of one to 10 years and may have extension options that are considered
    when it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised.

    Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The
    lease agreements do not impose any covenants, but leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing
    purposes.

    Extension and termination options are included in a number of leases across the Company. These terms are used
    to maximize operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. The majority of extension and termination
    options held are exercisable only by the Company and not by the respective lessor.

9   Intangible assets and goodwill

    The intangible assets include customer relationships, creosote registration, software and cutting rights.

    Customer relationships comprise long-term agreements with certain customers and ongoing business
    relationships. The acquisition cost was established based on future benefits associated with these relationships.




                                                                                                                      (17)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



The net book amount of these intangible assets and goodwill was as follows:

                                                           Intangible assets
(Amounts in millions of       Customer        Creosote                    Cutting
Canadian dollars)          relationships   registration   Software          rights   Others    Total   Goodwill

As at January 1, 2021
Cost                                121             39          26              7        18     211        280
Accumulated amortization            (72)            —           (7)            (2)      (15)    (96)        —

Net book amount                      49             39          19              5        3      115        280

Year ended December
31, 2021
Opening net book balance             49             39          19              5        3      115        280
Business combination                 38             —           —              —         1       39         62
Additions                            —              —           15             —        —        15         —
Amortization                         (7)            —           (3)            —        (1)     (11)        —
Exchange differences                 —              —           —              —        —        —          (1)

Closing net book amount              80             39          31              5        3      158        341

As at December 31, 2021
Cost                                158             39          40              7       10      254        341
Accumulated amortization            (78)            —           (9)            (2)      (7)     (96)        —

Net book amount                      80             39          31              5        3      158        341

Year ended December
31, 2022
Opening net book balance             80             39          31              5        3      158        341
Business combination                 10             —           —              —        —        10          7
Additions                            —              —           11             —        —        11         —
Amortization                        (10)            —           (4)            (1)      (1)     (16)        —
Exchange differences                  5              3          —              —        —         8         21

Closing net book amount              85             42          38              4        2      171        369

As at December 31, 2022
Cost                                178             42          51              7       10      288        369
Accumulated amortization            (93)            —          (13)            (3)      (8)    (117)        —

Net book amount                      85             42          38              4        2      171        369


Impairment tests for goodwill

Goodwill is allocated for impairment testing purposes to CGUs which reflect how it is monitored for internal
management purposes.

The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined based on fair value less cost to dispose (“FVLCTD”)
calculations. The fair value measurement was categorized as a Level 3 fair value based on the inputs in the
valuation technique used. FVLCTD calculations use cash flow projections covering a five-year period that are
based on the latest financial budgets for revenue and cost as approved by senior management. Cash flow
projections beyond five years are based on a growth rate not exceeding gross domestic product for the respective
                                                                                                            (18)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2022 and 2021



   countries. One percent real growth rates are assumed in perpetuity. Post-tax cash flow projections are discounted
   using a real post-tax discount rate of 9%, that is based on past experience, and industry average weighted average
   cost of capital. The assumptions used in calculating FVLCTD have considered the current economic environment.

   The carrying value of goodwill is allocated to the following CGUs:

    CGUs
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                  2022            2021
    Plants specialized in the treatment of utility poles and residential lumber                 216             198
    Plants specialized in the treatment of railway ties                                         153             143
                                                                                                369             341

   Impairment tests for intangible assets with indefinite useful life

   The only intangible asset with indefinite useful life is the creosote registration, allocated to a CGU defined as
   plants specialized in the treatment of railway ties. This registration provides the Company with the right to
   produce and sell creosote out of its Memphis, Tennessee facility. The Company’s approach to creosote supply is
   to produce a portion of its requirements and to buy the remainder on the open market. As a result, the creosote
   registration procures the advantage of being able to produce, which is less expensive than buying on the market.

   The impairment test at December 31, 2022 of the creosote registration was performed using the 2021
   calculation of the recoverable amount, which represented the most recent detailed calculation made in a preceding
   year. No impairment loss has been recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022.

   The following represents the key assumptions that were used to determine the recoverable amount in the most
   recent impairment test performed for the registration. The recoverable amount of the creosote registration was
   determined based on value-in-use calculations. Value-in-use calculations used cash flow projections covering a
   five-year period that were based on the latest financial budgets for cost savings as approved by senior
   management. Cash flow projections beyond five years were based on a growth rate not exceeding domestic
   product for the respective countries. One percent real growth rate was assumed in perpetuity. Pre-tax cash flow
   projections were discounted using a real pre-tax discount rate of 11%.

10 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                           2022                   2021

    Trade payables and accrued expenses                                                  157                    124
    Other payables                                                                        44                     38

                                                                                         201                    162




                                                                                                                (19)
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2022 and 2021




11 Long-term debt


                                                                                        Year of
   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                            maturity      2022     2021
   Unsecured:
   Revolving credit facilities (a)(b)                                                     2026         394      252

   Term loan facilities (b)
     US$125, variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.725%                               2028               169      158
     US$100, fixed rates ranging from 3.27% to 4.47%, with quarterly amortization
                                                                                  2029-2030            135       95
     payments starting in 2026
     US$25, fixed rate of 4.52%                                                     2029                34       —

   Senior notes (c)
     US$75, fixed rate of 3.54%                                                           2024         102       95
     US$75, fixed rate of 3.81%                                                           2027         102       95

   Non-revolving term facility (d)                                                        2022          —        32

   Other (e)                                                                                             5        7
                                                                                                       941      734
   Less: Current portion of long-term debt                                                               1       33
                                                                                                       940      701

   a)      Unsecured Syndicated Credit Facilities

   On November 2, 2022, the Company entered into the seventh amended and restated syndicated credit agreement
   in order to, among other things, (i) increase the amount available under the unsecured revolving credit facility
   from US$325 million to US$400 million and ii) replace the U.S. dollar London Interbank Offered Rate
   (“LIBOR”) references with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”). Revolving credit facility advances
   made prior to this amendment continued to apply LIBOR until the end of their term.

   Subject to lenders’approval, the Company may request an increase in the aggregate amount of the revolving credit
   facility up to an aggregate amount of US$350 million.

   Borrowings under the syndicated credit facilities may be obtained in the form of prime rate loans, bankers’
   acceptances (“BAs”) in Canadian dollars, U.S. base rate loans, SOFR loans and letters of credit. The interest rate
   margin will range from 0.00% to 1.25% with respect to prime rate loans and U.S. base rate loans and from 1.00%
   to 2.25% with respect to BAs, SOFR loans and fees for letters of credit, in each case based on a leverage ratio.

   As at December 31, 2022, under the Syndicated Credit Facilities, borrowings by Canadian entities denominated in
   U.S. dollars represented $27 million (US$20 million) and were designated as hedges of net investment in foreign
   operations.




                                                                                                                (20)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



b)      Unsecured Senior U.S. Farm Credit Facilities

On April 29, 2021 (the “Closing Date”), the Company entered into a credit agreement (the “U.S. Farm Credit
Agreement”) pursuant to which unsecured senior credit facilities in an aggregate amount of up to US$350 million
were made available by a syndicate of lenders within the U.S. farm credit system. The U.S. Farm Credit
Agreement provided a term loan facility of up to US$250 million with a delayed draw period of up to three years,
and the choice of maturities of five to 10 years from the date of drawing, provided the final maturity of any term
loan was not more than 10 years from the Closing Date (or, the “Term Loan Facility”), and a five-year revolving
credit facility of up to US$100 million with a maturity date of April 29, 2026 (or, the “Revolving Credit
Facility”). There was also an uncommitted option to increase the unsecured senior credit facilities by up to an
additional US$150 million, subject to certain terms and conditions.

Interest rates under the Revolving Credit Facility are based, at the Company’s election, on either a floating rate
based on LIBOR, or a base rate, in each case plus a margin over the index. The applicable margin ranges from
0.5% to 1.25% for base rate loans, and from 1.5% to 2.25% for LIBOR loans, in each case based upon the
Company’s net funded debt-to-EBITDA ratio.

The unsecured senior credit facilities were issued by a syndicate of lenders within the farm credit system and are
eligible for patronage refunds. Patronage refunds are distributions of profits from lenders in the farm credit
system, which are cooperatives that are required to distribute profits to their members. Patronage distributions, in
the form of cash, are received in the year after they were earned. Future refunds are dependent on future farm
credit lender profits, made at the discretion of each farm credit lender.

In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the unsecured senior credit facilities, a fee is payable
in respect of unutilized commitments based on the average daily utilization for the prior fiscal quarter ranging
from 0.15% to 0.35% per annum under the Revolving Credit Facility.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company borrowed US$125 million of floating term loans based
on LIBOR, under the Term Loan Facility for seven years, maturing in June 2028 and US$75 million of fixed rate
term loan subject to quarterly amortization payments of 6.25% of the initial principal amount commencing on the
fifth anniversary of the term loan’s draw date with the balance due in November 2029. With respect to US$125
million of floating term loans, the Company and the syndicate of lenders agreed to set the applicable margin over
the index at 1.725%, subject to the Company entering into an interest rate swap agreement.

On April 1, 2022, the Company borrowed the remaining US$50 million of fixed rate term loans available and
drew two tranches of US$25 million each. The first tranche of US25 million matures in March 2029 and the
second tranche is subject to quarterly amortization payments of 6.25% of the initial principal amount commencing
on the fifth anniversary of the term loan’s draw date with the balance due in March 2030.

Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility, other than fixed rate term loans, may be
prepaid from time to time at the company’s discretion without premium or penalty but subject to breakage costs,
if any. If all or any portion of a fixed rate term loan is prepaid, a prepayment premium may apply. Amounts repaid
on the Term Loan Facility may not be subsequently re-borrowed. Principal amounts under the Revolving Credit
Facility may be drawn, repaid, and redrawn until April 28, 2026.

c)      Unsecured Senior Notes

On January 17, 2017, the Company concluded a US$150 private placement with certain U.S. investors. Pursuant
to the private placement, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement providing for the issuance by
                                                                                                                 (21)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



Stella-Jones Inc. of unsecured senior notes - series A and series B, each in the aggregate amount of US$75
payable in a single installment at maturity on January 17, 2024 and on January 17, 2027, respectively. The notes
were designated as hedges of net investment in foreign operations.

d)      Unsecured Non-Revolving Term Facility

On February 28, 2022, the Company fully repaid the $US25 million unsecured non-revolving term facility
classified as current portion of long-term debt as at December 31, 2021.

e)      Other notes payable

Other notes payable includes a promissory note pursuant to a business acquisition in the amount of four million
dollars (US$3 million), secured by the land of the Pineville facility.

In order to maintain the credit facilities and senior notes in place, the Company needs to comply with customary
affirmative covenants, negative covenants, reporting requirements and financial ratios. The Company is required
to maintain a net funded debt-to-EBITDA ratio of no more than 3.50:1, an interest coverage ratio equal to or
greater than 3.00:1 and a priority debt to equity ratio not more than 15%, which are measured on a quarterly basis.
As at December 31, 2022, the Company was in full compliance with these covenants, requirements and ratios.

The repayment requirements on the long-term debt during the next five years and thereafter are as follows:

        (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                       Principal

        2023                                                                                                    1
        2024                                                                                                  103
        2025                                                                                                    1
        2026                                                                                                  426
        2027                                                                                                  136
        Thereafter                                                                                            274
                                                                                                              941

The aggregate fair value of the Company’s long-term debt was estimated at $908 million as at December 31, 2022
(as at December 31, 2021 – $747 million) based on discounted future cash flows, using interest rates available to
the Company for issues with similar terms and average maturities.

Refer to Note 23 for a summary of events that occurred after the reporting period.




                                                                                                              (22)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2022 and 2021



12 Provisions and other long-term liabilities

                                                     Provisions                 Other long-term liabilities
                                                                           Share-based
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian          Site                            payment                                    Grand
    dollars)                           remediation       Others    Total         plans       Others           Total       total


    Balance as at January 1, 2021              12             8      20             10            1             11          31

    Business combination                        3            —        3             —            —              —            3
    Additions                                   4            —        4              4           —               4           8
    Payments                                   (3)           (2)     (5)           (10)          (1)           (11)        (16)

    Balance as at December 31, 2021            16             6      22              4           —               4          26

    Business combination                       —             —       —              —             4              4           4
    Additions                                   4             1       5              7           —               7          12
    Provision reversal                         (1)           —       (1)            —            —              —           (1)
    Payments                                   (2)           (3)     (5)            (2)          —              (2)         (7)
    Exchange differences                        1            —        1             —            —              —            1

    Balance as at December 31, 2022            18             4      22              9            4             13          35


    Current portion                             3             4       7              2           —               2           9
    Non-current portion                        15            —       15              7            4             11          26
                                               18             4      22              9            4             13          35


   The Company’s share-based payment plans consist of cash-settled restricted stock unit, performance stock unit
   and deferred share unit plans.

   Restricted stock units (RSUs) and Performance stock units (PSUs)

   Under the Stock Unit Plan, RSUs and PSUs are granted to certain executives and key employees of the Company.
   RSUs and PSUs entitle the holders to receive a cash payment equal to the average closing price on the TSX of the
   Company’s common shares for the five trading days preceding the vesting date multiplied by a factor which
   ranges from 0% to 200% based on the attainment of performance criteria and/or market conditions set out
   pursuant to the plan, provided the individual is still employed by the Company at time of vesting. RSUs vest
   ratably over a period of three years and PSUs are paid three years after the grant date.

   Changes in outstanding RSUs are as follows:

                                                                                              2022                        2021

    RSUs outstanding - Beginning of year                                                  103,963                      266,750
    Granted                                                                                88,763                       64,517
    Vested                                                                                (63,527)                    (213,855)
    Forfeited                                                                              (6,884)                     (13,449)
    RSUs outstanding - End of year                                                        122,315                      103,963



                                                                                                                           (23)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



Changes in outstanding PSUs are as follows:
                                                                                 2022                 2021

PSUs outstanding - Beginning of year                                           29,398                   —
Granted                                                                        44,382               32,258
Forfeited                                                                      (4,443)              (2,860)
PSUs outstanding - End of year                                                 69,337               29,398

Deferred share units (DSUs)

DSUs entitle non-executive directors of the Company to receive a minimum participation amount in the form of
DSUs and they may elect to participate in the DSU plan for a portion of their Board fees. Such deferred
remuneration is converted to DSUs based on the average closing price of the Company’s common shares on the
TSX of the five trading days immediately preceding the date such awards are granted to the non-employee
director. DSUs are settled for cash only after a non-employee director ceases to act as a director.

Changes in outstanding DSUs are as follows:

                                                                                 2022                 2021

DSUs outstanding - Beginning of year                                           20,131                6,375
Granted                                                                        24,202               13,756
DSUs outstanding - End of year                                                 44,333               20,131




                                                                                                        (24)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2022 and 2021



13 Cash flow information

   The following table presents the movements in the liabilities from financing activities for the years ended
   December 31, 2022 and 2021:

                                                               Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                    Revolving
                                                        Short-term Long-term            credit        Lease
    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                 debt           debt    facilities   liabilities        Total


    Balance as at January 1, 2021                                —          (335)         (271)         (139)         (745)
    Cash flows, net                                              (2)        (142)           13            35           (96)
    Lease additions                                              —            —             —            (41)          (41)
    Foreign exchange adjustments                                  2           (5)            6             1             4

    Balance as at December 31, 2021                              —          (482)         (252)         (144)         (878)

    Cash flows, net                                             —            (30)         (139)           41          (128)
    Business combination                                         —            —             —             (4)           (4)
    Lease additions                                              —            —             —            (51)          (51)
    Other non-cash movements                                    —             —             —             (1)           (1)
    Foreign exchange adjustments                                —            (35)           (3)           (8)          (46)
    Balance as at December 31, 2022                              —          (547)         (394)         (167)       (1,108)

14 Capital stock and earnings per share

   The following table provides the number of common shares outstanding for the years ended December 31:

                                                                                            2022                      2021

    Number of common shares outstanding – Beginning of year                         63,773,252                  66,187,404
    Common shares repurchased                                                       (4,696,312)                 (2,447,419)
    Employee share purchase plans                                                       39,019                      33,267

    Number of common shares outstanding – End of year                               59,115,959                  63,773,252

   a)       Capital stock

            The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of common shares and an unlimited number of
            preferred shares, issuable in series.

            All issued shares are fully paid. The common shares provide for the right to receive notice of, attend and
            vote at all meetings of shareholders and receive dividends, subject to the prior rights of the preferred
            shares and any other shares ranking senior to the common shares. To date, the Company has not issued
            any preferred shares.



                                                                                                                       (25)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



b)     Normal Course Issuer Bid

       On March 9, 2021, the Company received approval from the TSX to amend the Normal Course Issuer Bid
       (“NCIB”) accepted by the TSX on August 4, 2020 in order to increase the maximum number of common
       shares that may be repurchased for cancellation from 2,500,000 to 3,500,000 common shares during the
       12-month period commencing August 10, 2020 and ending August 9, 2021.

       On November 8, 2021, the TSX accepted the Company’s Notice of Intention to Make a NCIB to purchase
       for cancellation up to 4,000,000 common shares during the 12-month period commencing November 12,
       2021 and ending November 11, 2022 (“2021-2022” NCIB).

       On March 8, 2022, the Company received approval from the TSX to amend its 2021-2022 NCIB in order
       to increase the maximum number of common shares that may be repurchased for cancellation by the
       Company from 4,000,000 to 5,000,000 common shares, representing approximately 10.0% of the public
       float of its common shares as at October 31, 2021.

       On November 8, 2022, the TSX accepted the Company’s Notice of Intention to Make a NCIB to purchase
       for cancellation up to 5,000,000 common shares during the 12-month period commencing November 14,
       2022 and ending November 13, 2023, representing approximately 9.6% of the public float of its common
       shares.

       During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased for cancellation 4,696,312 common
       shares under its NCIBs then in effect (during the year ended December 31, 2021 - 2,447,419 common
       shares) for a total consideration of $181 million (during the year ended December 31, 2021 - $108
       million), representing an average price of $38.68 per common share (in 2021 - $44.14).

       As at December 31, 2022, the Company’s capital stock was reduced by $15 million (as at December 31,
       2021 – eight million dollars) and the remaining $166 million (as at December 31, 2021 – $100 million)
       was accounted for as a decrease in retained earnings. As at December 31, 2022, the Company had
       unsettled transactions to repurchase 20,454 common shares for a consideration of one million dollars and
       recorded a financial liability of that amount. The settlement of these transactions occurred in early
       January 2023.

c)     Stock option plan

       The Company has a stock option plan (the “Plan”) for directors, officers and employees whereby the
       Board of Directors or a committee appointed for such purpose (“Committee”) may, from time to time,
       grant to directors, officers or employees of the Company options to acquire common shares in such
       numbers, for such terms and at such exercise prices as are determined by the Board of Directors or such
       Committee.

       The aggregate number of common shares in respect of which options may be granted is 4,800,000. Each
       option shall be exercisable during a period established by the Board of Directors or Committee, and the
       term of the option may not exceed 10 years. The Company has not granted any stock options since 2015.
       The options outstanding under the Plan as at December 31, 2022 were granted in November 2015 and
       expire in 2025.




                                                                                                          (26)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



       As at December 31, 2022, the number of outstanding and exercisable options to acquire common shares
       issued under the Company’s Plan was 30,000 (December 31, 2021 – 30,000), at a weighted average
       exercise price of $49.01 (December 31, 2021 – $49.01).

d)     Employee share purchase plans

       The aggregate number of common shares reserved for issuance under the Company’s employee share
       purchase plans is 1,300,000.

       Company employees who are Canadian residents are eligible to purchase common shares from the
       Company at an amount equal to 90% of the market price. Employees who hold common shares in the
       employee share purchase plan for 18 months following the date of acquisition of such shares receive
       additional common shares of the Company equivalent to 10% of the amount of their contributions made
       on the date of acquisition. In 2022, 23,725 common shares (2021 – 20,118) were issued to Canadian
       resident employees at an average price of $33.74 per share (2021 – $37.95).

       Company employees who are U.S. residents are eligible to purchase common shares from the Company at
       market price. Employees who hold common shares in the employee share purchase plan for 18 months
       following the date of acquisition of such shares receive additional common shares of the Company
       equivalent to 10% of the amount of their contributions made on the date of acquisition. In 2022, 15,294
       common shares (2021 – 13,149) were issued to U.S. resident employees at an average price of $36.72 per
       share (2021 – $40.73).

e)     Earnings per share

       The following table provides the reconciliation between basic earnings per common share and diluted
       earnings per common share:

       (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)                 2022          2021

       Net income applicable to common shares                                             $241           $227



       Weighted average number of common shares outstanding*                               61.4          65.0
       Effect of dilutive stock options*                                                     —             —

       Weighted average number of diluted common shares outstanding*                       61.4          65.0

       Basic and diluted earnings per common share                                        $3.93         $3.49
       * Number of shares is presented in millions.

f)     Dividends

       In 2022, the Company paid dividends of $49 million (2021 - $47 million), representing dividends
       declared per common share of $0.80 (2021 - $0.72).




                                                                                                             (27)
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2022 and 2021



15 Expenses by nature

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    2022   2021

   Raw materials and consumables                                                               2,101   1,936
   Employee benefit expenses                                                                     199     173
   Depreciation and amortization                                                                  89      74
   Expenses incurred in manufacturing process                                                     71      52
   Freight                                                                                       178     139
   Other expenses                                                                                 68      50
                                                                                               2,706   2,424

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    2022   2021

   Employee benefit expenses
   Salaries, wages and benefits                                                                  180    158
   RSUs/PSUs                                                                                       7      4
   Pension costs                                                                                   3      3
   Group registered retirement savings plans                                                       9      8
                                                                                                 199    173

   Employee benefit expenses are included in cost of sales and selling and administrative expenses.

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    2022   2021

   Financial expenses
   Interest expense on long-term debt and accretion of deferred financing fees                    29     19
   Interest on lease liabilities                                                                   4      4

                                                                                                  33     23




                                                                                                         (28)
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2022 and 2021



16 Income taxes

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                       2022       2021

   Current income tax
   Current tax on income for the year                                80         63
   Adjustments in respect of prior years                             (1)         1
   Total current income tax                                          79         64

   Deferred income tax
   Origination and reversal of temporary differences                    4       14
   Impact of change in tax rate                                         1       —
   Adjustments in respect of prior years                                1       (2)
   Total deferred income tax                                            6       12
   Income tax expense                                                85         76

   Reconciliation of effective income tax rate
   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                       2022       2021

   Income before income tax                                       326        303
   Canadian statutory rate (combined federal and provincial)     26.09 %    25.91 %
   Income tax expense at that statutory rate                        85         79

   Tax effects of:
     Rate differential between jurisdictions                       (2)        (1)
     Non-deductible/non-taxable items                               1         —
     Remeasurement of deferred income tax - change in tax rate      1         (1)
     Adjustments in respect of prior years' tax expense            —          (1)
   Income tax expense                                              85         76




                                                                               (29)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2022 and 2021



   Deferred tax assets and liabilities

   During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, movements in temporary differences are as follows:

                                                            Recognized
                                     As at Recognized in       in other    Acquired in Recognized           As at
    (Amounts in millions of    December 31, statement of comprehensive        business in translation December 31,
    Canadian dollars)                 2021       income         income    combination    adjustment          2022

    Property, plant and
    equipment                         (104)           (8)           —              —             (6)         (118)
    Intangible assets                  (45)           (3)           —              —             (2)          (50)
    Reserves                             8             4            —              —              1            13
    Deferred pension benefit             3            —             (1)            —             —              2
    Others                               1             1            (7)            —             —             (5)
    Net deferred tax
    liabilities                       (137)           (6)           (8)            —             (7)         (158)

                                                            Recognized
                                     As at Recognized in       in other    Acquired in Recognized           As at
                               December 31, statement of comprehensive        business in translation December 31,
                                      2020       income         income    combination    adjustment          2021

    Property, plant and
    equipment                            (94)         (1)           —              (9)           —           (104)
    Intangible assets                    (27)         (8)           —             (10)           —            (45)
    Reserves                              11          (3)           —              —             —              8
    Deferred pension benefit               4          —             (1)            —             —              3
    Others                                 2          —             (1)            —             —              1
    Net deferred tax
    liabilities                       (104)          (12)           (2)           (19)           —           (137)

   As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not recognize deferred income tax assets of six million dollars (as at
   December 31, 2021 – six million dollars) in respect of capital losses amounting to $49 million (as at December
   31, 2021 – $44 million) that can be carried forward indefinitely against future taxable capital gains.

   Deferred income tax liabilities have not been recognized for the withholding tax and other taxes that would be
   payable on the unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries. Such amounts are permanently reinvested. Unremitted
   earnings totaled $926 million as at December 31, 2022 (as at December 31, 2021 – $775 million).

17 Employee future benefits

   The Company recognizes costs for several types of employee future benefits. For its Canadian operations, the
   Company contributes to three defined benefit pension plans covering some salaried and non-union hourly wage
   employees and to a multi-employer plan for certain hourly employees. Other post-employment benefits are
   offered to a portion of retired employees and consist of group health and dental care, life insurance and
   complementary retirement benefits. The defined benefit pension plans and other post-employment benefits plan
   are closed to new participants.


                                                                                                              (30)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



For its U.S. operations, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Stella-Jones Corporation, contributes to two
defined benefit pension plans. Only one of these pension plans remains open to new participants.

All other active employees are entitled to a group registered retirement savings plan to which the Company
matches one and a half times the employee contribution. The Company’s contribution cannot exceed 6.0% of the
employee’s annual base salary.

The recognized costs for employee future benefits are as follows:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                     2022         2021

Contributions to group registered retirement savings plans                                       9            8
Defined benefit pension plans                                                                    2            2
Contributions to multi-employer plan                                                             1            1
                                                                                                12           11

The net amount recognized on the consolidated statements of financial position is detailed as follows:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                     2022         2021

Employee future benefits
Non-current liabilities:
  Net defined benefit pension liability                                                         (5)         (10)
  Other post-employment benefits liability                                                      (2)          (3)
                                                                                                (7)         (13)

The Company’s Canadian defined benefit pension plans benefits are based on years of service and final average
earnings. The Stella-Jones Corporation defined benefit pension plans benefits consist of a flat dollar amount
payable monthly based on years of service. The other post-employment benefits plan is not funded.

The Company measures its accrued benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for accounting purposes as
at December 31 of each year.

The change in the accrued benefit obligation for the other post-employment benefits plan for the year ended
December 31, 2022 was less than one million dollars (for the year ended December 31, 2021 - less than one
million dollars).




                                                                                                            (31)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



The following table presents financial information related to the Company’s defined benefit pension plans, other
than the multi-employer defined benefit plan:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                           2022           2021

Accrued benefit obligation
Balance – Beginning of year                                                                           38              39
Current service cost                                                                                   1               1
Interest cost                                                                                          1               1
Benefits payments                                                                                     (1)             (1)
Remeasurement adjustments
   Changes in demographic assumptions                                                                 —                1
   Changes in financial assumptions                                                                  (10)             (3)
Exchange difference                                                                                    1              —
Balance – End of year                                                                                 30              38

Plan assets
Fair value – Beginning of year                                                                        28              27
Interest income on plan assets                                                                        —               —
Return on plan asset excluding interest income                                                        (3)              1
Employer’s contributions                                                                               1               1
Effect of asset ceiling                                                                               (1)             —
Benefits paid                                                                                         (1)             (1)
Exchange difference                                                                                    1              —
Fair value – End of year                                                                              25              28
Net benefit liability                                                                                 (5)            (10)

Risks associated with the Company’s defined benefit plans are similar to those of typical benefit plans, including
market risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, credit risk, currency risk and longevity risk. The most significant risks
are the exposure to asset volatility and changes in bond yields. Weaker than expected investment returns and a
decrease in corporate bond yields will increase the net benefit liability and worsen the plans’ funded position.

A 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would increase the defined benefit obligation as at December 31, 2022 by
one million dollars.

Expected contributions to the defined benefit pension plans for the year ending December 31, 2023 are one
million dollars.




                                                                                                                     (32)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



The items of the Company’s defined benefit plans costs recognized during the year are as follows:

Consolidated statement of income
(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                     2022             2021

Current service cost                                                                             1               1
Interest cost                                                                                    1               1
Total cost recognized                                                                            2               2

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Actuarial gains                                                                                  6               3
Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) before income tax                          6               3

Accumulated actuarial losses recognized in other comprehensive income
Balance of actuarial losses as at January 1                                                     (6)              (8)
Net actuarial gains recognized in the year, net of tax                                           5                2
Balance of actuarial losses as at December 31                                                   (1)              (6)

The significant weighted average assumptions used are as follows:

                                                                Defined benefit     Other post-employment
                                                                pension plans                plan
                                                                  2022         2021       2022       2021
                                                                    %            %          %          %
Accrued benefit obligation as at December 31
Discount rate                                                       5.10         3.00          5.10            3.10
Rate of compensation increase                                       3.50         3.00            n/a             n/a

Benefit costs for the year ended December 31
Discount rate                                                       3.00         2.50          3.10            2.50

The percentage of plan assets held by the defined benefit plans consists of the following as at December 31:

                                                                                              2022             2021
                                                                                                %                %
Listed equity securities                                                                      24               25
Listed debt securities                                                                        42               45
Guaranteed insurance contracts                                                                33               29
Short-term investments and cash                                                                1                1
                                                                                            100 %          100 %




                                                                                                                (33)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2022 and 2021



18 Commitments and contingencies

   a) The Company has issued guarantees amounting to $42 million (2021 – $30 million) under letters of credit and
      various bid and performance bonds. The Company’s management does not believe these guarantees are likely
      to be called on. As a result, no provisions have been recorded in the consolidated financial statements.

   b) The Company’s operations are subject to Canadian federal and provincial as well as U.S. federal and state
      environmental laws and regulations governing, among other matters, air emissions, waste management and
      wastewater effluent discharges. The Company takes measures to comply with such laws and regulations.
      However, the measures taken are subject to the uncertainties of changing legal requirements, enforcement
      practices and developing technological processes.

19 Financial instruments and management of financial risk

   Carrying values and fair values

   The Company has determined that the fair value of its current financial assets and financial liabilities
   approximates their carrying amounts as at the consolidated statement of financial position dates because of the
   short-term maturity of those instruments. The fair values of the non-current receivables and interest-bearing
   financial liabilities also approximate their carrying amounts unless otherwise disclosed elsewhere in these
   consolidated financial statements.

   The fair values of interest rate swap agreements have been determined and recorded using mark-to-market values
   as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 from third parties. These types of measurement fall under Level 2 in the fair
   value hierarchy as per IFRS 7, Financial Instruments: Disclosures. A description of each level of the hierarchy is
   as follows:

            Level 1:     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
            Level 2:     Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for these assets
                         or liabilities, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
            Level 3:     Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data
                         (unobservable inputs).

   The following table provides a summary of the fair values:

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                       2022        2021
    Non-current assets
    Interest rate swap agreements                                                                     29           3

   Credit risk

   Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the other party by
   failing to discharge an obligation. As at December 31, 2022, the Company’s credit exposure consists primarily of
   the carrying amount of accounts receivable and derivative financial instruments.

   Credit risk associated with derivative financial instruments is minimized by dealing with creditworthy financial
   institutions.

                                                                                                                 (34)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



The Company’s exposure to credit risk for accounts receivable is influenced mainly by the individual
characteristics of each customer. Management believes that the credit risk is limited because the Company deals
primarily with large-scale utility providers, Class 1 railroad operators and large retailers as well as other major
corporations.

Management has established a credit policy under which each new customer is analyzed individually for
creditworthiness before the Company’s standard payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered. The
Company’s review includes external ratings, where available, and credit references from other suppliers. Purchase
limits are established for each customer, which represent the maximum open amount not requiring additional
approval from Management. A monthly review of the accounts receivable aging is performed by Management.
Customers that fail to meet the Company’s benchmark creditworthiness may transact with the Company only on a
prepayment basis.

Note 5 provides details on the receivable aging for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company’s
largest customer had sales representing 18% of the total sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 (for the year
ended December 31, 2021 – 19%) and an account receivable balance of seven million dollars as at December 31,
2022 (as at December 31, 2021 – $10 million). The sales for this customer are included in the residential lumber
product category.

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The
Company’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, on a long-term basis, that it will always have sufficient
liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring losses or
risking damage to its reputation.

The operating activities of the Company are the primary source of cash flows. The Company also has credit
facilities (Note 11) which can be used for working capital and general corporate requirements. As at
December 31, 2022, an amount of $259 million (US$191 million) (as at December 31, 2021 - $266 million
(US$210 million)) was available under the Company’s revolving credit facilities and nil (as at December 31, 2021
- $63 million (US$50 million)) under the U.S. farm credit term facility.




                                                                                                               (35)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



The following table details the maturities of the financial liabilities as at December 31:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                 2022


                                         Carrying Contractual          Less than          Years          Years     More than
                                          amount   cash flows             1 year         2 and 3        4 and 5      5 years

Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities                                    201            201            201             —               —              —
Long-term debt obligations*                    941          1,092             42            177             592            281
Minimum payment under lease
liabilities                                    167            184             45             66              42             31
                                             1,309          1,477            288            243             634            312

                                                                                                                        2021
                                         Carrying Contractual          Less than          Years          Years      More than
                                          amount   cash flows             1 year         2 and 3        4 and 5       5 years

Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities                                    162            162            162             —               —              —
Long-term debt obligations*                    734            828             52            133             306            337
Minimum payment under lease
liabilities                                    144            157             39             55              32             31
                                             1,040          1,147            253            188             338            368
*Includes interest payments. Interest on variable interest debt is assumed to remain unchanged from the rates in effect as at
December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates, will affect
the Company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk
management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters while optimizing the
return on risk.

Managing interest rate benchmark reform and associated risks

A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks was undertaken globally, including the replacement of
LIBOR and Canadian Dollar Offered Rate (“CDOR”), with alternative benchmark rates. The publication of
certain LIBOR rates were discontinued in January 2022. The remaining LIBOR rates and all tenors of CDOR will
be discontinued on June 30, 2023 and June 28, 2024, respectively. The recommended alternative reference rates
for LIBOR and CDOR are SOFR and Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average, respectively. The Company still
has exposures to the LIBOR and CDOR on certain financial instruments that will be replaced or reformed as part
of these market-wide initiatives as described below.

During the year, the Company modified its syndicated floating-rate credit facility indexed to LIBOR. As at
December 31, 2022, the Company’s remaining exposures are floating-rate loans indexed to LIBOR totaling
US$185 million under the U.S. Farm Credit Agreement and floating-rate loans indexed to CDOR totaling $285
million under the Syndicated Credit Facilities. The Company also holds interest rate swaps for risk management


                                                                                                                           (36)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



purposes. As at December 31, 2022, interest rate swaps totaling US$175 million had floating legs that are indexed
to the one-month LIBOR.

Subsequent to year-end, the Company amended the contractual terms for all of its LIBOR indexed exposures to
incorporate SOFR and replaced its LIBOR interest derivatives used in cash flow hedging relationships with
economically equivalent interest derivatives referencing SOFR. In respect to CDOR exposures, the syndicated
credit agreement contains language regarding the discontinuation of CDOR and provides a mechanism for the
introduction of a benchmark replacement.

Further details are provided in Note 23, Subsequent events.

Currency risk

The Company’s exposure to foreign exchange gains or losses from currency fluctuations is related to sales and
purchases in U.S. dollars by its Canadian-based operations and to U.S. dollar-denominated long-term debt held by
its Canadian company. The Company monitors its transactions in U.S. dollars generated by Canadian-based
operations and enters into hedging transactions when required to mitigate its currency risk. The Company’s basic
hedging activity consists of the purchase of certain goods and services in U.S. dollars. The Company also
considers foreign exchange forward contracts for the sale and purchase of U.S. dollars that were not covered by
natural hedges.

The following table provides information on the impact of a 10% strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the
Canadian dollar on net income and other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. For a 10% weakening of the U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar, there would be an equal and
opposite impact on net income and other comprehensive income (loss).

This analysis considers the impact of foreign exchange variance on current financial assets and current financial
liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars which are on the consolidated statement of financial position of the
Canadian entities totaling two million dollars (five million dollars as at December 31, 2021) and $10 million ($11
million as at December 31, 2021), respectively. The foreign exchange impact for the U.S. dollar-denominated
long-term debt, in the Canadian entities, has been included in the sensitivity analysis for other comprehensive
income (loss), as the long-term debt is designated as a hedge of net investment in foreign operations (Note 11).

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    2022           2021
Decrease of net income                                                                          1              1
Decrease of other comprehensive income                                                         23             25

Interest rate risk

The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements in order to reduce the impact of fluctuating interest rates
on its long-term debt. These swap agreements require the periodic exchange of payments without the exchange of
the notional principal amount on which the payments are based. As at December 31, 2022, the Company has
mitigated its exposure to interest rate risk on long-term debt after giving effect to its interest rate swap
agreements; 65% (2021 – 70%) of the Company’s long-term debt is at fixed rates.

The Company designates its interest rate swap agreements as cash flow hedges of the underlying debt. Interest
expense on the debt is adjusted to include the payments made or received under the interest rate swap agreements.


                                                                                                             (37)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2022 and 2021



   The cash flow hedge documentation allows the Company to substitute the underlying debt as long as the hedge
   effectiveness is demonstrated. As at December 31, 2022, all cash flow hedges were effective.

   The following table summarizes the Company’s interest rate swap agreements as at December 31:

                                                                                                      2022         2021
    Notional     Related debt instrument          Fixed    Effective date     Maturity date        Notional     Notional
    amount                                         rate                                          equivalent   equivalent
                                                     %                                                 CA$          CA$

    US$50        Revolving credit facilities   0.8720*    December 2021      December 2026              68           63
    US$125       Term loan facility            1.1250**       July 2021          June 2028             169          158
   * Plus applicable margin based on pricing grid included in the revolving credit agreements.
   ** Plus set margin of 1.725%.

   During the year ended December 31, 2022, a 1% increase in interest rates would have increased interest expense
   by three million dollars and increased the net income recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) by
   approximately nine million dollars. For a 1% decrease in the interest rates, there would be an opposite impact on
   interest expense and other comprehensive income (loss).

20 Capital disclosures

   The Company’s objective in managing capital is to ensure sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility to pursue its
   organic growth strategy and undertake accretive acquisitions, while at the same time maintaining a disciplined
   approach to financial leverage and management of financial risk. The Company manages its capital structure and
   makes corresponding adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the
   underlying assets. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may adjust the amount of
   dividends paid to shareholders, issue new shares or debt, acquire or sell assets, reduce the amount of existing debt
   or repurchase shares.

   The Company’s capital is composed of total debt, which includes lease liabilities, and shareholders’ equity, which
   includes capital stock. The primary measure used by the Company to monitor its capital is the leverage ratio,
   which it aims to maintain within a range of 2.0 to 2.5x. The leverage ratio is defined as net debt divided by
   EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization). Net debt is the sum of total long-term
   debt and lease liabilities (including the current portion).

   The Company uses its capital to finance working capital requirements, capital expenditures and acquisitions. The
   Company currently funds these requirements out of its internally generated cash flows and its credit facilities.
   However, future acquisitions and growth opportunities may require new sources of financing.




                                                                                                                    (38)
    Stella-Jones Inc.
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    December 31, 2022 and 2021



21 Related party transactions

   Key management compensation

   Key management includes certain directors (executive and non-executive), and certain senior management. The
   compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is as follows:

    (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                     2022           2021
    Salaries, compensation and benefits                                                              6              6
    Share-based compensation                                                                         3              2

                                                                                                     9              8

   Under their respective employment agreements and assuming their termination for reasons other than cause,
   illness, permanent incapacity, death or resignation occurred on December 31, 2022, the members of key
   management would be entitled to receive potential incremental payouts representing approximately six million
   dollars.

22 Segment information

   The Company operates within two business segments which are the production and sale of pressure-treated wood
   and the procurement and sales of logs and lumber.

   The pressure-treated wood segment includes utility poles, railway ties, residential lumber and industrial products.

   The logs and lumber segment comprises of the sales of logs harvested in the course of the Company’s
   procurement process that are determined to be unsuitable for use as utility poles. Also included in this segment is
   the sale of excess lumber to local home-building markets. Assets and net income related to the logs and lumber
   segment are nominal.

   Operating plants are located in six Canadian provinces and 18 American states. The Company also operates a
   large distribution network across North America.




                                                                                                                  (39)
Stella-Jones Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2022 and 2021



Sales attributed to countries based on location of customer are as follows:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                     2022    2021

Canada                                                                          947     994
U.S.                                                                          2,118   1,756

                                                                              3,065   2,750


Sales by product are as follows:

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                     2022    2021

Utility poles                                                                 1,227     925
Railway ties                                                                    750     700
Residential lumber                                                              744     773
Industrial products                                                             143     121
   Pressure-treated wood                                                      2,864   2,519
   Logs and lumber                                                              201     231
                                                                              3,065   2,750




                                                                                        (40)
   Stella-Jones Inc.
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   December 31, 2022 and 2021



   Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and goodwill attributed to the countries based
   on location are as follows as at December 31:

   (Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars)                                              2022                   2021

   Property, plant and equipment
   Canada                                                                                  204                    175
   U.S.                                                                                    551                    454
                                                                                           755                    629

   Right-of-use assets
   Canada                                                                                   22                     20
   U.S.                                                                                    138                    118
                                                                                           160                    138

   Intangible assets
   Canada                                                                                   54                     50
   U.S.                                                                                    117                    108
                                                                                           171                    158

   Goodwill
   Canada                                                                                   21                     19
   U.S.                                                                                    348                    322
                                                                                           369                    341

23 Subsequent events

   a) On March 3, 2023, the Company amended and restated the U.S. Farm Credit Agreement in order to, among
   other things, (i) increase the amount available under the credit facilities from US$350 million to US$550 million,
   ii) extend the term of U.S. Farm Revolving Credit Facility in the amount of US$150 million from April 29, 2026
   to March 3, 2028, and iii) transition from LIBOR references to SOFR. All other terms and conditions remained
   substantially unchanged.

   b) On March 7, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.23 per common share payable on
   April 21, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on April 3, 2023.




                                                                                                                  (41)
