Amsterdam, 23 April 2025


Just Eat Takeaway.com Q1 2025 Trading Update
Just Eat Takeaway.com N.V. (AMS: TKWY), hereinafter the “Company”, or together with its group companies “Just Eat
Takeaway.com”, one of the world’s leading on-demand delivery companies, hereby issues a trading update for the first quarter of
2025.

•   Constant currency GTV growth excluding Rest of World of 2%
•   Group constant currency GTV flat year-on-year
•   Guidance for 2025 reiterated
•   Recommended offer by Prosus of €20.30 per share is expected to launch in Q2 2025

Jitse Groen, CEO of Just Eat Takeaway.com said: “Our vision is to empower everyday convenience for our consumers, partners and
couriers. We are delighted to make continued progress in adding huge variety of new partners to offer the widest possible selection for
consumers anytime and anywhere. As announced at the full year 2024 results in February, Just Eat Takeaway.com will invest an
additional €150 million to accelerate growth in 2025. We confirm our guidance and look forward to the rest of 2025.”




●   As previously communicated, the offer is expected to commence in Q2 2025. The transaction is subject to customary closing
    conditions, including regulatory approvals. It is expected that settlement will take place by year-end.

Outlook

●   The Management Board reiterates the following guidance for 2025:
        o Constant currency GTV growth excluding Rest of World in the range of +4% to +8% year-on-year
        o Adjusted EBITDA in the range of €360 to €380 million
        o Free cash flow (before changes in working capital) of approximately €100 million
●   Long-term target of group adjusted EBITDA margin in excess of 5% of GTV




                                                                  1
Just Eat Takeaway.com

Jitse Groen, CEO
Mayte Oosterveld, CFO
Joerg Gerbig, COO
Andrew Kenny, CCO

Investors:
Joris Wilton
E: IR@justeattakeaway.com

Media:
E: press@justeattakeaway.com

For more information, please visit our corporate website: https://www.justeattakeaway.com/

About Just Eat Takeaway.com

Just Eat Takeaway.com (AMS: TKWY) is one of the world’s leading global on-demand delivery companies.

Headquartered in Amsterdam, the Company is focused on connecting consumers and partners through its platforms. With 356,000
connected partners, Just Eat Takeaway.com offers consumers a wide variety of choices from restaurants to retail.

Just Eat Takeaway.com has rapidly grown to become a leading on-demand delivery company with operations in Australia, Austria,
Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Luxembourg, Poland, Slovakia, Spain, Switzerland, the Netherlands
and the United Kingdom.

Most recent information is available on our corporate website and follow us on LinkedIn and X.

Additional information on https://justeattakeaway.com

    ●    Just Eat Takeaway.com Analyst Presentation Q1 2025

Market Abuse Regulation

This press release contains inside information as meant in clause 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation.

Unaudited figures

All figures in this document are unaudited.

Disclaimer

Statements included in this press release that are not historical facts (including any statements concerning investment objectives,
other plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance, or assumptions or forecasts related
thereto) are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements, including "forward-looking statements". These forward-looking
statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms "anticipates", "expects", "intends",
"may", or "will" or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or, by discussions of strategy, plans,
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any
forward-looking statements reflect the Company's current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future
events and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business, results of operations, financial position,
liquidity, prospects, growth or strategies. Past performance is no guide to future performance and persons needing advice should
consult an independent financial adviser. Forward-looking statements reflect knowledge and information available at, and speak only
as of, the date they are made, and the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update, review or revise any
forward-looking statement contained in this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking
statements.


                                                                  2
