Aviva plc


Annual report
and accounts
2017
Foreword                                                                  Contents
This report differs from the format of previous publications. As we       Strategic Report
become more digitally focussed we have launched our new                   01      Chairman’s statement
www.aviva.com website in Q4 2017. This enables us to give you             02      Group Chief Executive Officer’s Review
news and insights into Aviva regularly throughout the year. We have       05      Key performance indicators
therefore chosen to produce a simpler, more streamlined report for        07      The horizon
2017 in line with our values of ‘Never Rest’ and ‘Kill Complexity’. The   08      Business model
updated report will also ensure we are ready for guidelines relating      09      Our strategy
to the Financial Reporting Council’s Digital Reporting and ESMA           12      Our people
European Single Electronic Format.                                        14      Chief Financial Officer’s Review
                                                                          18      Market review
The enhanced content on www.aviva.com supplements the                     24      Risk and risk management
regulatory disclosures within this report.                                28      Corporate responsibility
                                                                          31      Our climate-related financial disclosure
The Strategic report on pages 1 to 32, contains information about
us, how we create value and how we run our business. It includes          Governance
our strategy, business model, market outlook and key performance          34      Chairman’s Governance Letter
indicators, as well as our approach to sustainability and risk.           36      Our Board of Directors biographies
                                                                          39      Directors’ and Corporate Governance Report
The Strategic report is only part of the Annual report and accounts       61      Directors’ remuneration report
2017. The Strategic report was approved by the Board on 7 March
2018 and signed on its behalf by Mark Wilson, Chief Executive             IFRS financial statements
Officer.                                                                  86      Independent auditors’ report
                                                                          93      Accounting policies
                                                                          106     Consolidated financial statements
                                                                          229     Financial statements of the Company

                                                                          Other information
                                                                          240 Alternative Performance Measures
                                                                          246 Shareholder services
                                                                          247 Cautionary statement




As a reminder
Reporting currency:
We use £ sterling.
Unless otherwise stated, all figures referenced in this report relate to Group.
A glossary explaining key terms used in this report is available on www.aviva.com/glossary.
The Company’s registered office is St Helen’s, 1 Undershaft, London, EC3P 3DQ
The Company’s telephone number is +44 (0)20 7283 2000
                                       Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Chairman’s statement



Chairman’s                                                                                                             In addition, we also have six strategic investments, in China,
                                                                                                                    Hong Kong, Indonesia, Vietnam, Turkey and India. These are
                                                                                                                    markets with enormous potential for us and they represent the
statement                                                                                                           prospect of higher long-term growth in the future.

                                                                                                                    2017 challenges
                                                                                                                    Of course, the year has not been without its challenges. There is still
                                                                                                                    market uncertainty and volatility to navigate. Although Brexit does
                                                                                                                    not have a significant operational or financial impact on our
                                                                                                                    business there is still a long way to go before the full implications
Businesses need to know why they exist. All businesses need to
                                                                                                                    become clear. In addition, performance across the Group has not
generate value for their shareholders, of course, but some also have
                                                                                                                    been as universally strong as we would wish, notably in Canada due
a clear social purpose. Aviva is one of those. Simply put we are here
                                                                                                                    to a change in the trend of prior year reserve releases from
to help our customers Defy Uncertainty.
                                                                                                                    favourable to unfavourable and increased claims frequency.
    To ensure we can fulfil our purpose, both today and for the
                                                                                                                        We have enjoyed three years of sustained high levels of
years to come, we depend on getting the fundamentals right. This
                                                                                                                    customer advocacy, but this year’s scores have marked a decline.
means having a robust financial position, a clear strategy executed
                                                                                                                    We are working hard to boost customer’s loyalty by making things
well, and strong values that inform all our decision making as part
                                                                                                                    simpler and putting them in control, for example with the launch of
of a healthy corporate culture.
                                                                                                                    our simplified home insurance proposition. The industry is also
    I am pleased this year’s report demonstrates that the
                                                                                                                    facing risks around cyber crime and changes in public policy. You
fundamentals are in good shape. These results come amidst
                                                                                                                    can read about these risk factors in the ‘Risk and risk management’
unprecedented political, economic and technological changes that
                                                                                                                    section of this report.
have an effect on all aspects of our society. Nevertheless, we remain
focussed on delivering for our customers, so that they can navigate
                                                                                                                    Our performance
these uncertain times.
                                                                                                                    We have grown Group adjusted operating profit1 and cash
                                                                                                                    remittances2 and further strengthened our Solvency II capital
Our culture
                                                                                                                    position. The benefit from foreign exchange movements is offset by
I am pleased to report that our overall people engagement score in
                                                                                                                    the sale of businesses in Europe. Excluding disposals profit has
2017 has increased to 75%. In 2017 the Board spent a lot of time
                                                                                                                    improved for the ongoing businesses despite experiencing
developing metrics to assess the Company’s culture and its ability
                                                                                                                    significantly lower prior year reserves releases in general insurance.
to accelerate growth, and our focus on delayering, simplifying
                                                                                                                    Profit before tax attributable to shareholders’ profit increased to
processes, and increasing the speed of execution all show signs of
                                                                                                                    £2,003 million (2016: £1,193 million) reflecting higher Group adjusted
improvement. These measurements are used as part of a broad
                                                                                                                    operating profit1, lower integration and restructuring costs and the
dashboard of metrics, providing the Board with a holistic view of the
                                                                                                                    impact of the Ogden discount rate change in 2016.
culture in our business and a view on the progress made. You can
read more on our culture in the ‘Our People’ section of this report.
                                                                                                                    Dividend
                                                                                                                    The Board proposes a final dividend of 19.00 pence per share (2016:
Our community
                                                                                                                    15.88 pence per share) which corresponds to a 50% dividend payout
I am particularly proud of our commitment to act sustainably and
                                                                                                                    ratio. In line with improved earnings quality and cash flows, in
responsibly as part of the wider community where we live and work.
                                                                                                                    November 2017 we announced we would increase our dividend
In 2017, the Aviva Community Fund supported over 800
                                                                                                                    payout ratio target to a range of 55-60% of operating EPS3 by 2020.
inspirational projects from Canada to Poland. Our partnership with
the British Red Cross has also seen Aviva provide support for those
                                                                                                                    Looking forward
affected by the Manchester and London terrorist attacks and the
                                                                                                                    2018 is the year where we will accelerate our plans for growth. At
tragic Grenfell Tower fire in London.
                                                                                                                    our Capital Markets Day in November 2017 we announced our
    Climate change poses serious risks to our customers and in turn
                                                                                                                    intention to pay down debt in 2018, while continuing to invest in our
our business. In October 2017 we were awarded the United Nations
                                                                                                                    future growth.
Momentum for Change award in recognition of a decade of work in
                                                                                                                        As disclosed in our 2016 Annual report, the Lord Chancellor
reducing the environmental impact of our business and helping
                                                                                                                    announced the decision to lower the Ogden discount rate to -
inspire action on climate change. More information can be found in
                                                                                                                    0.75%, from the previous level of 2.5% and we await the final
the ‘Corporate Responsibility’ sections of this report.
                                                                                                                    outcome of the Ministry of Justice review. We will continue to
                                                                                                                    monitor developments on this during 2018.
Our markets
In line with our strategy to focus on those markets and businesses                                                      This year’s performance is testament to the hard work and
that have the strongest returns and best prospects for growth, we                                                   dedication of our nearly 30,000 people around the world. I have no
have now finished the process of simplifying the Group.                                                             doubt there will be more change in the year to come but I am
     This means we have focussed our business on eight major                                                        equally confident in the skills and commitment of my colleagues to
markets of the UK, Ireland, France, Poland, Italy, Canada, Singapore                                                adapt and deliver for our customers and our shareholders, whatever
and Aviva Investors. We believe that here we are best placed to                                                     2018 has in store.
compete on the strength of our scale, brand and distribution. The
Group adjusted operating profit from these markets (excluding                                                       Sir Adrian Montague
divestitures and businesses held for sale) increased by 6%.                                                         Chairman
                                                                                                                    7 March 2018




1. Group adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section and to the
   ‘Other Information’ section within the Annual report and accounts for further information.
2  This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
   (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
3 This measure is derived from the Group adjusted operating profit APM. Further details of this measure are included in the ‘Other information’ section.


                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     01
                                        Strategic report                              Governance                      IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Group Chief Executive Officer’s Review



Group                                                                                                                      Our major markets are the UK, France, Canada, Poland, Ireland,
                                                                                                                      Italy, Singapore and Aviva Investors. These markets have structural
                                                                                                                      drivers of demand underpinned by economic growth,
Chief Executive                                                                                                       demographics and regulation. Within these markets, Aviva has
                                                                                                                      competitive strength in distribution, brand, capability and scale

Officer’s Review                                                                                                      efficiency that allows us to deliver consistent growth and attractive
                                                                                                                      returns. The major markets are currently responsible for virtually all
                                                                                                                      of Aviva’s Group adjusted operating profit3 and cash remittances1.
                                                                                                                           Our strategic investments are businesses where we are
                                                                                                                      targeting long-term growth by working with leading local partners
                                                                                                                      in populous countries with strong growth characteristics. Our
                                                                                                                      strategic investment markets are China, Hong Kong, India, Turkey,
Overview                                                                                                              Vietnam and Indonesia. While in aggregate these businesses make a
In 2017, Aviva delivered growth: in profits, in dividends, in capital                                                 modest contribution to Aviva’s financial performance today, they
and in cash.                                                                                                          are sources of long-term upside for Group adjusted operating
    Our headline results show broad-based growth. Operating                                                           profit3, cash-flow and value.
earnings per share (EPS)1,2 gained 7% to 54.8 pence (2016: 51.1                                                            Aviva’s capital strength provides us with significant flexibility in
pence), operating capital generation1 remained strong at £2.6 billion                                                 terms of future capital allocation. Our Solvency II capital surplus1,4
(2016: £3.5 billion), Solvency II capital surplus1,4 rose to £12.2 billion                                            of £12.2 billion equates to a Solvency II cover ratio1,4 of 198%, well
(2016: £11.3 billion) and business unit cash remittances1 increased                                                   above our 150% to 180% working range. As a result, we have
33% to £2.4 billion (2016: £1.8 billion).                                                                             signalled plans to deploy £3 billion of excess cash in 2018 and 2019.
    Group adjusted operating profit3 increased 2% to £3,068 million                                                        Our priorities for deployment remain unchanged. Our objective
(2016: £3,010 million). Excluding the impact of divestments, our eight                                                is to use surplus cash to deliver sustainable benefits to our long-
major markets delivered a 6% increase in Group adjusted operating                                                     term shareholders. For 2018, we have outlined our intent to repay
profit3, with double-digit growth contributed by the UK, Aviva                                                        approximately £900 million of expensive hybrid debt, saving more
Investors, France, Poland, Ireland and Singapore. Group adjusted                                                      than £60 million in annual pre-tax interest expense. We have
operating profits3 also benefitted from a net positive impact from                                                    allocated approximately £600 million for bolt-on M&A, which
assumption changes in the UK. However, Canada reported a                                                              includes the €130 million already committed to the Friends First
disappointing result reflecting adverse changes in prior year reserve                                                 acquisition in Ireland. And we have indicated that in excess of £500
development and higher current year claims inflation. We have                                                         million will be used for capital returns, which may include liability
implemented a detailed recovery plan in Canada, raising premium                                                       management, share buy-back or special dividends.
rates and taking actions on underwriting, claims, distribution and
expense management.                                                                                                   Meeting our customers’ needs
    In light of our results, we have increased our total dividend 18%                                                 Aviva has made significant, tangible progress in delivering our True
to 27.4 pence (2016: 23.3 pence). This marks the fourth consecutive                                                   Customer Composite strategy in 2017.
year of double-digit growth in the total dividend and we have                                                             In the UK, Aviva is unique as the only large-scale composite
reached our target of paying out 50% of operating EPS1,2.                                                             insurer with top three positions across multiple product lines. In
    Having successfully executed our plan to strengthen the                                                           2017, we moved to a unified management structure for our life,
balance sheet and focus Aviva on those businesses with the                                                            general and health insurance businesses under the leadership of
strongest fundamentals, we have increased our growth ambitions.                                                       Andy Briggs. This change has helped us to increase the
Our 2017 results provide evidence that we are capable of delivering                                                   collaboration between different product teams and improve our
consistent growth in operating EPS1,2 and dividends.                                                                  focus on the customer. The strength of our franchises is evident,
                                                                                                                      with large mandate wins driving higher new business volumes
Capital allocation                                                                                                    across our major product segments. We saw continued success in
A key element of Aviva’s strategy is allocating capital towards                                                       our partnership channels, expanding our leading position in the
businesses and segments with the strongest returns and growth                                                         bank market and delivering a significant uplift in net flows into our
prospects. We made further progress on this strategic objective in                                                    advisor platform. Meanwhile, we made further strong progress in
2017, announcing divestments that will result in our withdrawal                                                       our direct to consumer business, growing net written premiums by
from Spain, Taiwan and Friends Provident International.                                                               14% and we increased the number of customers in the UK who have
    We have significantly simplified and focussed our geographic                                                      more than one product with Aviva by approximately 300,000.
footprint over recent years, halving the number of markets in which
we have operations. This process is now complete and we are no
longer actively seeking to reduce our geographic footprint. As a
result, Aviva’s core business is now comprised of eight major
markets and six strategic investments.




1 This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
  (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
2 This measure is derived from the Group adjusted operating profit APM. Further details of this measure are included in the ‘Other information’ section.
3 Group adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section and to the
  ‘Other Information’ section within the Annual report and accounts for further information.
4 The estimated Solvency II position represents the shareholder view. This excludes the contribution to Group Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) and Group Own Funds of fully ring fenced with-profits funds of £3.3 billion
  (2016: £2.9 billion) and staff pension schemes in surplus of £1.5 billion (2016: £1.1 billion). These exclusions have no impact on Solvency II surplus. The estimated Solvency II position includes the pro forma impacts of the
  disposals of Friends Provident International Limited (£0.1 billion increase to surplus) and the Italian Avipop Assicurazioni S.p.A (£0.1 billion increase to surplus). The 31 December 2016 Solvency II position included pro forma
  adjustments for the impact of the announced disposal of Antarius and the future impact of changes to UK tax rules announced by the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s Autumn statement, which was removed following
  clarification in the 13 July 2017 Finance Bill. The 31 December 2016 Solvency II position also includes an adverse impact of a notional reset of the transitional provisions (TMTP) to reflect interest rates at 31 December 2016 £0.4
  billion decrease to surplus.




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       02
                                       Strategic report                            Governance                      IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Group Chief Executive Officer’s Review                        Continued


    Our strength in distribution and manufacturing is also helping
to strengthen our composite position in markets outside the UK. In
France, our new leadership team intends to align our high quality
distribution franchises under a single Aviva brand to deepen
customer relationships. In Ireland, we have maintained positive
momentum in both sales volume and Group adjusted operating
profit3 in 2017 and the acquisition of Friends First will move our
market share to mid-teens across both life and general insurance.
    Italy has expanded IFA distribution and developed innovative
hybrid products, which helped to underpin a doubling of value of
new business and strong net fund flows. Singapore is drawing on
our digital and distribution expertise to develop the Aviva Financial
Advisors network, which has grown to more than 670 advisors.

Digital
Aviva is playing a leading role in the digital revolution of insurance
and our intellectual property (IP) has had a significant impact on
our business in the past 12 months. Our UK digital and direct
business passed the £1 billion premium mark in 2017, delivering
growth of 14%. Our digital IP played a pivotal role in helping us to
secure long-term relationships with HSBC in the UK and Tencent in
Hong Kong.
    In 2017, we established Aviva Quantum, our artificial
intelligence and global data science group, which now has 550 data
scientists. This group has developed our Ask it Never IP, which
allows us to reduce the number of questions we ask customers
during the underwriting process, significantly improving their quote
and buy experience. We are using this IP to develop a new
generation of insurance products, called Aviva Plus. This
proposition takes the subscription model and applies it to
insurance and is expected to be progressively rolled out to our
existing UK customers.
    In the next few years, we will continue to invest heavily to grow
revenue and fully digitise our business. Through this, we are
targeting improvements in efficiency and customer experience that
we expect to lead to higher sales, better retention, expanding
margins and in turn growing profit over the medium to long term.

Outlook
The streamlining of our geographic perimeter is complete and the
strength of our franchises is beginning to shine through. As a result,
we have upgraded and bought forward our growth ambitions, and
are now targeting greater than 5% growth in operating EPS1,2 from
2018. Together with our targets of £8 billion of cumulative
remittances in 2016-2018 inclusive and increase in dividend payout
ratio to 55-60% by 2020, we remain confident that we can continue
to deliver cash flow plus growth for our shareholders.




Mark Wilson
Group Chief Executive Officer
7 March 2018




1 This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
  (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
2 This measure is derived from the Group adjusted operating profit APM. Further details of this measure are included in the ‘Other information’ section.
3 Group adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section and to the
  ‘Other Information’ section within the Annual report and accounts for further information.




                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     03
                                       Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Group Chief Executive Officer’s Review                        Continued


Delivering on a clear plan of action
                        Financial                                                          Strategic                                                         Cultural
What we                 For our key metrics, we have:                                      For our customers, we have:                                       For our people, we have:
achieved                 • Increased Group adjusted operating                              • In October, we launched an effortless • Continued to build a culture and
                           profit1 by 2% to £3,068 million (2016:    home claims trial in the UK, settling   environment which attracts and
                           £3,010 million)                           home insurance claims by asking         retains people with the right
                         • Operating earnings per share (EPS)3       just three questions                    capabilities for the future
                           increased by 7% to 54.8p (2016:         • Launched ‘The Ideas Hub’ where        • Employee engagement is at 75% with
                           51.1p)                                    new initiatives are trialled with       85% of colleagues seeing how their
                         • Profit before tax attributable to         customers using social media            team’s work aligns to Aviva’s strategy
                           shareholders’ profit increased by       • Delivered solutions to help           • Introduced CATS (Culture Action
                           68% to £2,003 million (2016: £1,193       customers ‘feel safe again in their     Team) globally with over 2,000
                           million) and basic EPS increased by       homes’, for example offering a leak     members committed to driving
                           19.7p to 35.0p (2016: 15.3p)              detector, camera or smart battery for   change to embed Aviva’s values
                         • Increased cash remittances2 to            customers who have made flood,        • Delivered our Leadership Accelerator
                           Group by 33% to £2,398 million            theft or fire claims                    programme to 290 of our senior
                           (2016: £1,805 million)                  • Partnered with Neos, inventor of a      leaders
                         • Increased total dividend per share by     connected home service, which         • Launched Equal Parental Leave to
                           18% to 27.40p (2016: 23.30p)              detects leaks, smoke and intruders      help build an inclusive workforce
                           delivering four consecutive years of      and alert you instantly by app
                           double digit growth                     • Launched the Aviva Wellbeing app to For society, we have:
                         • Delivered a strong Solvency II capital    track and improve their overall       • Supported 2,400 community projects,
                           position with an estimated                health and wellbeing                    helping 792,000 people
                           shareholder Solvency II cover ratio2                                            • Spearheaded the establishment of the
                           of 198% (2016: 189%) up 9pp. This      In Digital, we have:                       World Benchmarking Alliance and
                           includes operating capital              • Expanded the reach of MyAviva to        public, transparent and authoritative
                           generation2 surplus movement in the include corporate customers and               league tables of companies’
                           year of £2.6 billion                      IFAs. It is now  available in the UK,   contribution to the UN Sustainable
                         • Reported total assets under               Singapore, France, Poland and           Development Goals
                           management2 of £490 billion – an          Canada                                • Awarded the UN Momentum for
                           increase of £40 billion on last year    • Invested in Wealthify, a robo           Change award in recognition of a
                                                                     investment platform, in October         decade of work reducing the
                                                                     2017                                    environmental impact of our business
                                                                   • Launched Aviva Quantum with a 500-      and inspiring action on climate
                                                                     strong team of data scientists          change
                                                                                                           • Withdrew our investment from
                                                                  Not Everywhere:                            tobacco manufacturing companies
                                                                   • During the year we announced the      • Invested £527.5 million in lower
                                                                     sale of Friends Provident               carbon infrastructure as part of our
                                                                     International                           strategic response to climate change
                                                                   • We also announced the sale of
                                                                     Spanish joint ventures Unicorp Vida,
                                                                     Caja España Vida and Aviva Vida y
                                                                     Pensiones
                                                                   • In Taiwan we sold our joint venture,
                                                                     exiting the market
What we                  • Target higher than 5% increase in                               • Build and deepen engagement with                                 • Continue to develop our leaders
plan to do                 operating EPS3 from 2018 onwards                                  our customers on MyAviva                                           across Aviva through greater
                         • Aim to deliver £8 billion of cash                               • Disrupt in digital to do more for our                              innovation, agility and accountability
                           remittances2 between 2016-2018                                    customers                                                        • Build a culture where we consider our
                           inclusive                                                       • Continue to campaign for what’s                                    customers in every decision
                         • Focus on achieving a 55-60%                                       important to our customers                                       • Develop an inclusive workforce that
                           dividend pay out ratio by 2020                                  • Continue to reallocate capital to                                  reflects the diversity of our customers
                         • Target a Solvency II cover ratio2                                 focus on what we do best and drive                               • Increase the impact of the Aviva
                           working range of between 150%–                                    higher returns                                                     Community Fund across the world
                           180%                                                                                                                               • Build on the success of our existing
                                                                                                                                                                customer propositions, developing
                                                                                                                                                                products and services that help our
                                                                                                                                                                customers Defy Uncertainty in an
                                                                                                                                                                increasingly sustainable way
1. Group adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section and to the
   ‘Other Information’ section within the Annual report and accounts for further information.
2. This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
   (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
3 This measure is derived from the Group adjusted operating profit APM. Further details of this measure are included in the ‘Other Information’ section.



                                                                       Read about our performance at www.aviva.com/about-us


                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     04
                                      Strategic report                           Governance                    IFRS financial statements                    Other information


Key performance indicators



Key performance
indicators

We use a range of financial and non-financial metrics to measure our performance, financial strength, customer advocacy, employee
engagement and impact on society. These include Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) which are non-GAAP measures that are not
bound by the requirements of IFRS. These metrics are reviewed annually and updated as appropriate to ensure they remain an effective
measure of delivery against our objectives. For 2017, the review of these metrics resulted in the following changes:
• Digital convenience for our customers has been amended to ‘Active registrations’ instead of ‘Registrations’. This change ensures we
  measure users who are actively engaging with MyAviva and other digital platforms every year.
• Following the introduction of Solvency II, the new prudential regulatory framework that came into force on 1 January 2016, we calculate
  Value of New Business (VNB) on an adjusted Solvency II basis rather than on an MCEV basis.
• As a result of feedback from the Financial Reporting Council’s regular review and assessment of the quality of corporate reporting in the
  UK, we have relabelled ‘Operating Profit’ to ‘Group Adjusted Operating Profit’.
• We have included profit before tax attributable to shareholders’ profit (PBT). While not a metric that is used to measure the Group’s
  ongoing financial performance, it is important to assess it alongside Group adjusted operating profit when evaluating our overall result.
• The estimated shareholder cover ratio is now shown inclusive of pro forma adjustments required to reflect the effect of planned
  acquisitions and disposals consistent with the metric used internally.

Further guidance in respect of the APMs used by the Group to measure our performance and financial strength is included within the ‘Other
Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts. This guidance includes definitions and, where possible, reconciliations to relevant
line items or sub-totals in the financial statements. The financial commentary included in this Strategic report should be read in
conjunction with this guidance.

Customer Net Promoter Score® (NPS®) R
NPS® is our measure of customer advocacy and we use it to measures the likelihood of a                                                                       Number of markets in 2017:
customer recommending Aviva in ten of our markets1. Our relationship NPS® survey
shows three years of sustained high levels of customer advocacy, but this year’s scores                                                                       at or above market average: 7
have marked a decline. We are working hard to boost customers loyalty by making                                                                                   2016: 9   2015: 8
things simple for customers and putting them in control, for example with the launch of
our simplified home insurance proposition.                                                                                                                        below market average: 3
                                                                                                                                                                   2016: 1  2015: 2

Engagement R
We give our people the freedom to act in line with our values to create an environment in                                                                                     2017:
which they can thrive through collaboration and recognition. We measure this through                                                                                          75%
our annual global ‘Voice of Aviva’ survey. Engagement is up one percentage point to 75%
and is now consistent across the world after significant improvements for France and                                                                                       2016: 74%
Singapore, and a solid four percentage point increase for UK Customer teams. Trust in                                                                                      2015: 70%
the Group Executive is now at a historic high and 85% of colleagues see how their team’s
work aligns to Aviva’s strategy.

Carbon emissions reduction
Since 2010 we have reduced carbon emissions (CO2e) from our day-to-day operations by                                                                                          2017:
53% beating our 2020 target of a 50% reduction earlier than planned. We are a carbon                                                                                          53%
neutral company, offsetting the remaining emissions through projects that have                                                                                    Reduction since 2010
benefitted the lives of over one million people since 2012. In 2017 we were awarded the
UN Momentum for Change award in recognition of a decade of work reducing the                                                                                               2016: 46%
environmental impact of our business and helping inspire action on climate change.                                                                                         2015: 39%
CO2e data includes emissions from our buildings, business travel, water and waste to
landfill.

R     Symbol denotes key performance indicators used as a base to determine or modify remuneration.

1   All comparators have been rebased as we have reduced the number of markets covered in the survey from 12 to 10 markets as we have combined our UK operations in line with our True Customer Composite strategy and no
    longer report on Spain.




                                                                                Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                   05
                                       Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Key performance indicators                        Continued


My Aviva active registrations R
We continue to make progress with our digital transformation and MyAviva remains at its                                                                                              2017:
heart. Active registrations are the number of global users of MyAviva and other digital                                                                                       7.5 million
platforms, including customers and guests, who have registered or logged-in at least
once during the previous 365 days. Active registrations have increased by 44% to 7.5                                                                                        2016: 5.2 million
million. We will continue to monitor the progress we are making to engage with our                                                                                             2015: n/a
customers through digital.

Group adjusted operating profit1 R
Group adjusted operating profit1 increased by 2% to £3,068 million with the impact of                                                                                                2017:
foreign exchange and disposals largely offsetting. The impact of life assumption and                                                                                       £3,068 million
modelling changes were higher in 2017 than in 2016, however, this was offset by a
decrease in prior year reserve releases in our General Insurance business.                                                                                               2016: £3,010 million
                                                                                                                                                                         2015: £2,688 million

Profit before tax attributable to shareholders’ profit (PBT)
In 2016, PBT was heavily impacted by the Odgen discount rate change of £475 million.                                                                                                 2017:
After adjusting for this one-off change the PBT has increased in line with increased                                                                                       £2,003 million
Group adjusted operating profit, which also reflects reduced integration and
restructuring costs and gains arising on the disposal of businesses.                                                                                                     2016: £1,193 million
                                                                                                                                                                         2015: £1,413 million

Cash remittances2 R
Sustainable cash remittances2 from our businesses are a key financial priority.                                                                                                      2017:
Remittances from business units increased 33% to £2,398 million. This was primarily                                                                                        £2,398 million
driven by the UK businesses which include an additional £500 million of Friends Life
integration remittance (2016: £250 million) and increased remittances from the UK                                                                                        2016: £1,805 million
General Insurance business.                                                                                                                                              2015: £1,507 million

Estimated shareholder Solvency II cover ratio2
We continue to maintain our strong financial position. The estimated shareholder                                                                                                     2017:
Solvency II cover ratio2 excludes the contribution from fully ring fenced with-profits funds                                                                                        198%
(£3.3 billion) and staff pension schemes in surplus (£1.5 billion). The impact of the
announced sales of FPI and the Italian joint venture Avipop Assicurazioni S.p.A have also                                                                                       2016: 189%
been reflected in the estimated Solvency II position as pro forma adjustments. During                                                                                           2015: 180%
the period the coverage ratio has strengthened from 189% to 198% primarily due to the
positive impact of disposals and Operating Capital Generation (OCG)2, a key
remuneration metric for the Group, offset by the payment of dividends, share buy-back
and redemption of hybrid debt.

Solvency II value of new business2
Solvency II Value of New Business (SII VNB)2 measures growth and is the source of future                                                                                             2017:
cash flows in our life businesses. SII VNB increased by 25% to £1,243 million and includes                                                                                 £1,243 million
a £96 million benefit following a clarification to the Solvency II rules on the calculation of
transitional measures made by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Excluding this                                                                                          2016: £992 million
benefit, SII VNB2 has increased by 15% reflecting strong double digit growth in all                                                                                            2015: n/a
segments and continued discipline on product mix and pricing across our markets.

Combined operating ratio2
The combined operating ratio (COR)2 is a measure of general insurance profitability. The                                                                                             2017:
lower the COR is below 100%, the more profitable we are. Excluding the prior year                                                                                                  96.6%
impact of the Ogden discount rate change in the UK, COR deteriorated by 2.4 percentage
points on 2016. This was driven by an increase in the claims ratio reflecting lower prior                                                                       2016: 100.1% (including Ogden)
year reserve releases and an increase in claims severity and frequency in Canada.                                                                               2016: 94.2% (excluding Ogden)
Outside Canada, there has been positive progress, with continued improvement in the                                                                                       2015: 95.0%
underwriting result in the UK and Europe.

R     Symbol denotes key performance indicators used as a base to determine or modify remuneration.

1. Group adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section and to the
   ‘Other Information’ section within the Annual report and accounts for further information.
2. This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
   (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.




                                                               Read about where the world is going at www.aviva.com/about-us


                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     06
                          Strategic report          Governance           IFRS financial statements                      Other information


The horizon: where the world is going



The horizon:
where the world is going

Our strategic framework responds to and anticipates the nine long-term trends which will impact our industry over the next few years. We
acknowledge the risks they present and aim to turn these trends into opportunities for future growth.

My life, my way                                                          Expected increase in UK mobile transactions 2017 to 2022
Customers will continue to want to be much more in control,              121%
                                                                         Source: CACI, June 2017
expecting self-service and simpler, faster access to products
and services.

Winning through data & analytics                                         Insurance customers willing to receive computer-generated
Those who interpret data quickly and intuitively to inform the           advice about the type of insurance coverage to purchase
development of products and services that provide real value             74%
                                                                         Source: Accenture June 2017
for customers will lead the way.

The power of communities                                                 Daily active Facebook users on average
Government influence is reducing as the role of ‘communities’ of         1.4 billion
                                                                         Source: facebook.com, stats, December 2017
mutual interests and connected networks, both virtual and local,
increases.

Ever-changing planet                                                     Economic loss in US dollars caused by global natural disasters in
Changing climate and extreme weather events will have a                  2018
significant impact on both society and business.                         $330 billion
                                                                         Source: Munich Re, catastrophe losses, January 2018



Shifting wealth                                                          Estimated Global Insurance premium share of growth from
Developing markets will have a much larger share of the world’s          emerging economies by 2025
savings and assets pool.                                                 47%
                                                                         Source: Munich Re, April 2017



Older and healthier                                                      Increase in UK’s average life expectancy at birth between 2010
People will live longer and be healthier. Markets will be driven         and 2030
increasingly by attitudes and needs as family structures evolve.         3 years
                                                                         Source: Imperial College, London, February 2017



The age of disruption                                                    Customers conducting business with at least one non-traditional
New agile competitors will act faster to disrupt established             firm
businesses with customers embracing fintech providers.                   50.2%
                                                                         Source: Cap Gemini world Fintech report 2017



New threats in a connected world                                         Estimated global cost of Cybersecurity breaches by 2021
The proliferation of connected devices and the dominant role of          $6 trillion
                                                                         Source EY Global Information Security Survey 2017-2018
social networks in modern life is raising the threat from cyber
attacks and infringements to privacy.

Blurring of sector boundaries                                            Payment volumes in China processed by non-bank institutions
The clear boundaries between sectors no longer exist, from               54%
                                                                         Source Global Financial Development Report 2017/2018
technology players offering banking services to telecom providers
creating media content.



                                         Read about where the world is going at www.aviva.com/about-us




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       07
                           Strategic report            Governance           IFRS financial statements        Other information


Business model



Business model

Aviva exists to help our 33 million customers Defy Uncertainty. We give our customers the confidence and control to be ready for life’s
opportunities and challenges.

We have a distinctive approach. It defines and differentiates us. It helps us meet our customers’ needs …
Values                               Strengths                              Skills                                Strategy
Our values are at the heart of       We have unique strengths as a          We have a great range and blend Our strategic framework focuses
how we do business. They are         business that gives us a significant   of skills:                      on the things that really matter
how we must operate:                 competitive advantage:                 • Digital innovation            and puts the customer at the
• Care More                          • Brand strength                       • Data science                  heart of what we do:
• Kill Complexity                    • Financial strength                   • Customer experience           • True Customer Composite
• Never Rest                         • Customer understanding               • Underwriting                  • Digital First
• Create Legacy                      • Multi-distribution                   • Risk management               • Not Everywhere
                                     • Multi-product                        • Claims management
                                                                            • Asset & liability management
                                                                            • Capital allocation

… through our products, services and markets …

Life insurance                       General insurance                      Health and protection                 Asset management
Retirement income, savings and Home, motor, travel, commercial              Private medical life, critical        Investing for external clients and
pensions                       and pet                                      illness, income protection            investing for Aviva

… where premiums and cash are reinvested …

Customers pay insurance              Customers invest their savings with We also invest the insurance             Making sure that customers stay
premiums which we use to pay         us. We manage these investments premiums we receive to                       with us for the long term is
claims. Our scale enables us to      to provide them with an income for generate income to meet our               important to the future success
pool the risks. We maintain          a more secure future.               obligations to customers and to          of our business.
capital strength so we can be                                            generate value for shareholders.
there for our customers in the
future

… creating sustainable value for …

Customers benefit from a range We create value for shareholders             Our aim is for our people to     We play a significant role in our
of products to meet their needs, by using our profits to reinvest and       achieve their potential within a communities, including as a
with easy access when and how grow the business and pay out                 diverse, collaborative and       major employer and a long-term
they want it.                    dividends.                                 customer-focussed organisation. responsible investor.

£34.6 billion                        27.40 pence                            75%                                   2,400
Paid out in benefits and claims to   Total dividend up 18%                  Increased our employee                Community projects supported
our customers in 2017                                                       engagement score by one               in 2017.
                                                                            percentage point


                                        Read about our business at www.aviva.com/about-us/our-businesses




                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         08
                        Strategic report            Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Our strategy



Our strategy                                                                 How we’ve progressed
                                                                             Expanding our range
                                                                             We are continuing to expand our range of customer propositions
                                                                             to be a True Customer Composite across our geographies, and
                                                                             making it easier and more rewarding for customers to manage
                                                                             multiple products with Aviva through digital.
                                                                                 We have made progress in the strategic partnership market,
Our strategy focuses on the things that really matter, puts the              in particular with expanding the number of insurance products
customer at the heart of everything we do and provides clear                 we provide to existing clients, such as HSBC.
direction across all our markets for how we run our business. We                 Rewarding our customers’ loyalty is central to our True
have classified these in three key areas:                                    Customer Composite strategy. For example, we give multiple-
• True Customer Composite                                                    product discounts to customers who purchase products through
• Digital First                                                              MyAviva.
• Not Everywhere                                                                 We are expanding our offerings to help our customers
                                                                             reduce their risks, for example we have launched a weather app
True Customer Composite                                                      in France which led to lower flood claims in motor compared to
We are a True Customer Composite, giving customers the                       other insurers as it provided customers with foresight of weather
confidence and control to be ready for life’s opportunities and              warnings. We also offer the Wellbeing app in the UK to support a
challenges.                                                                  healthier lifestyle beyond just exercise and nutrition advice.
    We can protect what’s important to customers through life,
                                                                             Enhancing My Aviva
general and health insurance and help customers save for the
                                                                             With MyAviva, we give our customers access to all their products
future through life and pension products underpinned by our
                                                                             in one place and let them easily make changes to their policies
asset management capability. We are the only composite insurer
                                                                             or get the latest deal. We now have MyAviva in the UK, Canada.
of scale in the UK.
                                                                             Ireland, France, Poland, Singapore and Italy.
Why it’s important                                                                We recognise customers often have relationships with Aviva
Customers have a wide range of insurance, protection and                     through the companies they work for, through a financial
savings needs, and can find it challenging to manage them all.               adviser, or directly with us. MyAviva helps to bridge all three
They find themselves with multiple products from different                   channels effortlessly and conveniently. This is particularly
providers. This is not what they tell us they want: what they want           important when our customers change jobs or move house.
is a simple way to meet their insurance and savings needs. True                   During 2017, we launched a pilot in the UK to work closely
Customer Composite means meeting all these needs                             with some of our key corporate clients in order to develop a
individually or in tailored combinations in a convenient, easy to            deeper, broader understanding of their business and objectives.
understand and timely manner.                                                This pilot successfully allowed us to align client objectives to
     True Customer Composite also means valuing and                          Aviva’s solutions.
rewarding customers for making the choice to have a deeper,
                                                                             Acquisitions
more loyal relationship with us.
                                                                             In 2017 we announced our acquisition of Friends First in Ireland,
     For Aviva, this means increased customer engagement and
                                                                             which will strengthen our life business in Ireland once the
retention, and driving towards more cost effective operations.
                                                                             acquisition is completed in 2018. This supports our True
While our overall global Net Promotor Score® (NPS®) has shown
                                                                             Customer Composite model as it strengthens both capabilities
an unwelcome decline, there have been positive improvements
                                                                             and distribution for the Life business in Ireland.
in some areas. Customers with more than one Aviva product are
far more likely to advocate the brand: multi-product customers
have a NPS® of +47pts versus customers with one product.                     Digital First
     In a digital world, being a True Customer Composite                     We put Digital First. This is how we will capitalise on being a True
provides a tangible competitive advantage. Digital allows us to              Customer Composite. With their busy lives, customers and
introduce our customers to our composite range of products                   businesses, large and small, are increasingly turning to digital to
and offerings in a more effective manner than traditional                    make things more convenient and quicker.
channels.
     In the past, although the financial benefits of our composite           Why it’s important
model were clear (such as lower capital requirements through                 We want to be a 320+ year old disruptor in an industry
diversifying our risk), few customers held more than one Aviva               dominated by complexity.
product because our business was distributed almost solely                        Our purpose is to help customers Defy Uncertainty – to face
through intermediaries.                                                      life’s uncertainties with confidence. Digital tools allow Aviva to
                                                                             offer the convenience, simplicity and rewards to earn our
                                                                             customers’ trust, so that we can help more customers protect
                                                                             what matters to them and save for anything from a comfortable
                                                                             retirement, to a new house or family members.
                                                                                  Aviva’s digital investment delivers innovative propositions
                                                                             and a better experience for customers. Stronger digital
                                                                             capability leads to more efficient operational processes so that
                                                                             we can serve customers faster and cheaper.




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       09
                         Strategic report             Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Our strategy    Continued


    Technology offers us the opportunity to do far more to help               • Globally, our digital customers have NPS® that is +24 points
our customers Defy Uncertainty. Aviva will focus increasingly on                higher than non-digital customers
delivering products and services to customers more in control                 • In the UK, Aviva’s digital users are more positive about their
and allow them to have a more active hand in steering what lies                 customer experience than digital users of our competitors (+27
ahead.                                                                          NPS® score for Aviva versus +19 NPS® for competitors)
    In 2018, Aviva will offer more proactive ways for people to               • Globally, among our digital customers 69% are likely to
manage their health, wealth and safety – giving them the                        consider Aviva for other products, compared to 52% of non-
confidence to be ready for life’s opportunities as well as its                  digital customers
challenges.                                                                   • In the UK, 69% of MyAviva registered customers are likely to
                                                                                consider Aviva for other products and services compared to
How we’ve progressed                                                            just 53% of those not registered on MyAviva
Space to innovate
We’ve created Digital Garages in London, Singapore and                        Reinventing insurance
Canada, and digital spaces in our Paris, Warsaw, Bristol and                  We want to reinvent insurance for the digital age, to make it
Norwich offices. They are catalysts for digital innovation, where             simple and accessible for our customers and to challenge
creative minds collaborate to turn ideas into new products and                traditional distribution and marketing methods. Our new joint
services. Examples of this are:                                               venture in Hong Kong aims to do just that. Our partners,
• Our chatbots help customers in seconds or provide an                        Hillhouse and Tencent, have tremendous investment and digital
  insurance quote in minutes                                                  expertise. Together we want to shake up the Hong Kong
• Customers can make most claims online and we settle simple                  insurance market, which currently relies on expensive
  claims within seconds                                                       intermediaries, by offering a superior digital solution so that
• We give people a discount for driving safely through our Aviva              insurance meets our customers’ needs. We are planning to
  Drive App                                                                   launch a joint proposition in the first half of 2018, pending
• We help people plan for the life they want in retirement with               regulatory approval.
  our Shape my Future tool
• We explain insurance jargon in a simple way through Our Alexa               Aviva Ventures builds portfolio
  Skill                                                                       Aviva Ventures is our corporate venture capital fund. It looks for
                                                                              and makes investments in start-ups that have an alignment to
Quote me happy                                                                the future of the insurance market. In 2017 it significantly
Quotemehappy.com was our first success in the Digital First                   expanded the portfolio as well as extending its appetite into
story and it keeps on growing – it now has over one million                   making fund investments. We have made investments in six new
customers. It offers low-cost car and home insurance in the UK                companies: Roost (US), Casalova (Canada), Neos (UK), Owlstone
and is only available online. Our fully self-service insurance gives          Medical (UK), Savari and Biofourmis (both Singapore) bringing
customers the flexibility to manage their policies online, such as            the total direct investments to ten. We have also deployed
downloading documents and making changes to their policy.                     capital into Anthemis’ Fintech fund and Aquiline’s Technology
And because they deal with us digitally, we are able to offer our             Growth fund. By working with these innovative companies, Aviva
customers lower prices.                                                       is able to stay at the forefront of the fast paced world of digital
                                                                              innovation.
What we are doing differently now and for the future
Working with others to benefit our customers
                                                                              Not Everywhere
We’re working with some of the brightest companies around the
                                                                              Not Everywhere means that we deploy our resources where we
world to innovate so that our customers can benefit.
                                                                              can be most competitive. We are not interested in planting flags
    We invest in cutting edge tech start-ups that shape the
                                                                              or being in 100 countries. We focus on a select number of
future of insurance through Aviva Ventures, our corporate
                                                                              markets and business lines where we have scale and profitability
venture capital fund. An example being the investment in
                                                                              or a distinct competitive advantage – where we can win.
Owlstone Medical who developed a device that can read
chemicals in breath and detect early stages of cancer.                        Why it’s important
    We’re partnering with start-ups to trial innovative customer              It is about focussing our resources where we can be most
solutions, including through Founders Factory who help start-                 competitive and doing a relatively small number of things well,
ups build and scale.                                                          rather than casting our net too widely.
    In the UK we’ve agreed to make a strategic investment in                        Not Everywhere is also about capital allocation. We allocate
start-up Wealthify – a robo-investment platform that allows                   capital to the markets, businesses and products that offer the
customers to save from as little as £1 with transparent fees.                 most attractive returns, looking at it through three lenses:
                                                                              strategic, financial and execution.
Ask it Never
Ask it Never is our ambition to make insurance simpler and                    How are we progressing?
easier for customers using data and analytics to improve the                  In 2017 we largely completed the restructuring of our businesses
customer journey. In 2017 we launched a market leading Home                   to narrow our focus on what we can do best.
Insurance proposition which allows customers to get an instant                    In 2017, we announced the sale of Friends Provident
price in MyAviva and buy in less than two minutes with minimal                International, a major part of our Spanish business and our 49%
questions. In 2018 we plan to extend our ambition to create a                 stake in our joint venture in Taiwan.
suite of customer friendly experiences on MyAviva.
                                                                              Major Markets and Strategic Investments
How we measure success                                                        Our Major Markets and Strategic investments categorisation
We see digital experiences as one of the best ways to drive                   shows how Aviva’s markets and business lines contribute to our
customer preference for the Aviva brand. While our overall                    overall portfolio, either now or in the future.
global NPS® declined, digital scores were positive:



                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        10
                         Strategic report            Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Our strategy    Continued


Major markets: solid growth, sustainable cash
We are focussed on eight attractive, growing markets where we
are, or have the potential to the best in class. It is these
businesses that will underpin the cash flow plus growth strategy.
Our major markets are:
• UK – number one composite insurer providing a core growth
  engine and high levels of sustainable cash flow
• France – a cash generator underpinned by strong distribution
• Canada – leading general insurance franchise with attractive
  cross-cycle returns
• Poland – high ROE business with strong distribution and
  digital credentials
• Italy – rebounding economic opportunity providing strong net
  flows
• Ireland – a leading brand in a growth economy with
  accelerated development of the composite model
• Singapore – an innovative strategy to accelerate development
  of the financial advisory channel in an attractive growth
  market
• Aviva Investors – a growth engine underpinned by increasing
  third party assets and delivering rising income and falling costs

Strategic investments: future, fast growth
We have made a number of strategic investments that will
accelerate growth and provide increased value over the long
term. These investments are:
• Digital – leading intellectual property (IP) being rolled out
  across our markets
• China – delivering strong growth in sales and adjusted
  operating profit in one of the world’s largest insurance
  markets
• Hong Kong – joint venture with Tencent and Hillhouse
  focussed on digital disruption
• Turkey – leading position in the life and pensions market and
  exposure to a large, young and growing population
• Indonesia – bancassurance venture in an under-penetrated,
  high growth emerging market
• India – we are reassessing our options given changes in market
  fundamentals
• Vietnam – leading business in one of the fastest growing Asian
  economies
• Global Corporate Solutions (GCS) – selective expansion
  provides a natural extension to our existing strength in retail
  and commercial lines

Read about our businesses at www.aviva.com/investors/our-
strategy




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       11
                        Strategic report             Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Our people



Our people                                                                Developing our people
                                                                          Investment in people remains an area of focus for us. In 2017, we:
                                                                          • Developed a three year people strategy. This defines and sets
                                                                            direction for a simpler, global approach, identifying, assessing
                                                                            and developing our talent to mobilise their potential
                                                                          • Moved 39% of our high potential senior leaders into new or
                                                                            broader roles to develop core experiences and strengthen our
We have a clear purpose. We help our customers Defy Uncertainty;            executive pipeline
this remains at the core of what our people do. This commitment to        • Delivered our Leadership Accelerator programme to 290 of our
customers, high levels of people engagement and skills, and                 senior leaders. Feedback has been extremely positive and we are
alignment to Aviva’s values helped contribute to Aviva’s strong             seeing a difference in leadership approach and capability. A
financial performance.                                                      version of this programme will be rolled out to people leaders
    The focus for 2017 has been on our culture; we want to be a             from 2018
business which is simple, innovative and customer centric in              • Ensured that 83 high potential female leaders from a range of
everything we do.                                                           levels have attended ‘Accelerate Leadership from the Inside out’
    We employ 30,021 people globally and in the UK, we employ               (ALIO), our female-only leadership programme. The programme
more than 14,600 people.                                                    offers a unique opportunity to develop our female leaders, build
                                                                            their confidence and deepen their commitment to Aviva
Our strategy                                                              • Launched our Digital Academy in Poland to help develop the next
Our global people strategy sets out how we will accelerate our              generation of programmers and future digital talent
performance. We will:                                                     • Established the Global Graduate Leadership Programme to create
• Focus on our customers by connecting the day-to-day activities of         a high performing pipeline of globally mobile graduates, designed
  our people with our purpose                                               to build our long-term leadership capability and meet our future
• Give our people the freedom to act in line with our values                business needs. We currently have graduates located across UK,
• Make leadership a way of life so all our people contribute to             Singapore, Hong Kong, Vietnam, Canada, USA, France, Poland
  delivering our strategy and think independently. We want leaders          and Italy
  who dream big and move fast in everything they do
• Create an inclusive and diverse environment so that everyone can        Engaging our people
  be themselves                                                           In 2017 our global Voice of Aviva survey focussed on key areas of
• Actively invest in the skills, mind-sets and future capabilities we     insight to drive growth. Engagement is up one percentage point to
  need to win in a digital age                                            75% and is now consistent across all of our markets after significant
                                                                          improvements for France and Singapore, 85% of colleagues see
Our values                                                                how their team’s work aligns to Aviva’s strategy.
Our values guide everything we do and the decisions we take:                   Our culture journey since 2014 has shown significant shifts
                                                                          towards a culture of more innovation and less bureaucracy. 70% of
Care More                                                                 colleagues feel able to challenge complexity and 69% feel able to
We start with the customer and prioritise delivering a great outcome      try out new and exciting ideas to benefit our customers. Nearly four
for them. We do the right thing, making sure we and those around          in five employees believe that Aviva values their health and
us are acting with positive intent. We don’t shrink from the tough        wellbeing, up nine percentage points in 2017 alone following the
conversations. We’re in it together.                                      launch of a highly successful Health and Wellbeing programme.
                                                                               Our culture journey will continue in 2018 with on-going focus on
Kill Complexity                                                           colleague engagement, giving people the freedom and room to
We can list our priorities on one hand, picking a few things to do        operate and innovate, developing our leaders to lead for the future
brilliantly. We make the call with the right information. We join         and creating the conditions where colleagues can perform at their
forces and build it once.                                                 best. We recognise that we still have more to simplify processes and
                                                                          systems within Aviva and this will be a key focus for 2018.
Never Rest                                                                     Within Aviva we take our responsibility to consult very seriously.
We fail fast and learn fast, testing and learning at pace. We embrace     We have a positive and constructive relationship with the trade
digital. We are dissatisfied with the way things are done now. We         union Unite as well as a fully elected all-employee representative
challenge ourselves to learn about the cutting edge and harness it.       body ‘Your Forum’. The existence of Your Forum within Aviva is a key
We get it done at pace.                                                   way of recognising that we all have a part to play in contributing to
                                                                          the debate on issues and opportunities impacting on our people
Create Legacy                                                             and our organisation.
We invest with courage, taking smart risks and making good                     The representative bodies meet regularly with the CEO and
decisions to ensure we allocate our resources where they can do           members of the GEC throughout the year. We believe that by doing
most. We think like an owner, taking responsibility. We go for more       so we encourage a culture of trust and open and honest
than quick wins. We take the long view.                                   communication that will help us ensure that our organisation is a
                                                                          better place to be.
Changes to business landscape
                                                                               We continue to provide an employee share scheme and all
We continue to strengthen the leadership teams including
                                                                          employees have the opportunity to engage with senior leader
restructuring the UK business to ensure the management structure
                                                                          through weekly #Uncut episodes ‘our global streaming platform’,
reflects the True Customer Composite nature of the business.
                                                                          results live and regular town halls. This ensures everyone at Aviva is
     During 2017 we have welcomed the employees from RBC
                                                                          aware of significant changes in the business and financial and
General Insurance into Aviva Canada and successfully negotiated
                                                                          economic factors affecting the business.
with unions to facilitate the sale of our Spanish business with 90%
of people transferring across to the new buyer.




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       12
                        Strategic report             Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Our people      Continued


Inclusive diversity                                                       Health and wellbeing
Inclusive diversity is at the heart of how we do business and a key       We know our employees are a key factor in making our business
requirement for the workforce of the future. If people can be             successful and as such their wellbeing is key. We launched
themselves, they’ll be happier and contribute their best thinking.        Wellbeing@Aviva in 2017, an integrated approach to Wellbeing
They will also be more in tune with our diverse customer base and         covering mental health, physical health, financial education and
better able to serve their evolving needs. Our staff engagement           social and community. This includes the Aviva Wellbeing app, which
survey shows that 87% of our people feel that people from diverse         allows our people to set personalised action plans to create healthy
backgrounds can succeed at Aviva and we want to see this reflected        new habits, link wearables and apps to track all activity in one
in the diversity of talent we attract and develop within the              place, take part in challenges and earn points to exchange for a
Company.                                                                  range of rewards. We have initiatives in place such as leader training
     In 2017 we focussed our attention on gender and age, for the         for mental health, physical health checks, and free membership to
first time setting a 30% target to increase the proportion of women       Headspace for mindfulness practice, an enhanced sickness policy
in senior roles across the Group by 2020. We have also published          and income protection scheme, key focus on nutrition and we also
our gender pay gap in the UK and expect to see that close over time       provide additional support via our essentials products for both
too. A key policy change to contribute to our inclusive culture was       physio and cancer. In 2017 we launched our new Carers Policy in
the launch of our new equal parental leave policy in Canada, UK,          the UK which offers paid time off for carers and we are shortly
France, Ireland and Singapore. It enables any parent employed by          launching a new fitness proposition for all our people. 2018 will also
Aviva to be eligible to the same amount of paid and unpaid time off,      see a higher focus on financial education.
regardless of gender, sexual orientation or how they became a
parent (birth, adoption or surrogacy).                                    Our plans for 2018
     We are an equal opportunities employer and ensure a                  Innovation, simplicity, inclusion and developing winning
consistent approach to recruitment and all areas of employment            capabilities will be key priorities for us as we continue to transform
policies across all our markets. These policies apply to all Aviva        our business.
directors and employees, business units, and operations, and it is            We recognise that we are on a journey to accelerate Aviva’s
the responsibility of CEOs (or equivalent) to ensure that their           transformation into a company that puts the customers at the
business operates in line with them.                                      centre of everything we do and our focus will be on ensuring our
     We are committed to ensuring we provide full and fair                people can deliver in an innovative and simple way.
consideration for job applications from people with disabilities, as          In 2018 we will continue to focus on developing an inclusive
well as supporting any of our people who become disabled while            workforce which is fit for the future.
working for Aviva. We have a duty of care to make adjustments to
roles and responsibilities which will allow a disabled person to work     At 31 December 2017, we had the following gender split:
or continue working. For example, we adapt the working                    Board membership
environment where we can and offer flexible working practices and         Male
appropriate training to take into account their personal                  9
circumstances.                                                            Female
     As a member of The ‘Business Disability Forum’ we’re
committed to ensuring that all candidates for recruitment and
                                                                          3
employees are treated fairly throughout the employee lifecycle
                                                                          Senior management
including opportunities for training, promotion and career
                                                                          Male
development.
     We continue to build on the existing strengths of our                521
communities and partnerships with the launch of six global                Female
employee resource groups focussing on age, gender balance,                169
caring, disability, sexual orientation, race and ethnicity in 2018. We
will also be setting targets and tracking progress in these               Aviva Group employees
dimensions in our core markets and Group functions through                Male
agreed Statements of Intent overseen by our Global Inclusion              14,618
Council.                                                                  Female
     To manage employment risk, we conduct pre-employment                 15,403
screening checking and operate regular performance appraisals for
all employees at all levels, which are independently calibrated
throughout an employee’s career. Any exceptions to the policies are       The average number of employees employed by the Group during
reported to line management and escalated via the appropriate             2017 was 30,090.
channels.
     As a financial services regulated entity, we have a compulsory       Read about our approach to responsible and sustainable business
and tailored annual risk-based training and awareness programme           in the ‘Corporate Responsibility’ section of this report and our
to ensure employees and others acting on Aviva’s behalf know what         people strategy at www.aviva.com/about-us/our-people
is expected of them. Our people are regularly updated by the senior
team through several mechanisms, such as our intranet and #Uncut
episodes, giving employees equal and timely access to information
on financial and economic factors affecting Aviva.




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       13
                                        Strategic report                              Governance                       IFRS financial statements                       Other information


Chief Financial Officer’s Review



Chief Financial                                                                                                        Operating performance: Major markets
                                                                                                                       Aviva currently derives virtually all of its Group adjusted operating
                                                                                                                       profit1 and cash flow from eight major markets: UK, Ireland, France,
Officer’s Review                                                                                                       Poland, Italy, Canada, Singapore and Aviva Investors. This is where
                                                                                                                       Aviva believes it is currently best positioned to compete on the
                                                                                                                       basis of our scale, brand and leading distribution.
                                                                                                                           The Group adjusted operating profit1 from these major markets
                                                                                                                       (excluding divestitures) totalled £3,508 million (2016: £3,300 million),
                                                                                                                       an increase of 6%. Growth was supported by higher adjusted
Overview                                                                                                               operating profit1 from our businesses in the UK, Aviva Investors,
In 2017, Aviva delivered growth in Group adjusted operating profit1,                                                   France, Ireland, Poland and Singapore. These more than offset the
generated increased cash-flow, further strengthened our Solvency II                                                    reduction in adjusted operating profit1 from Canada.
cover ratio2,4 and used excess cash and capital to repay debt and
                                                                                                                       United Kingdom
repurchase shares.
                                                                                                                       Aviva is unique as the only large-scale composite insurer in the UK
    Group adjusted operating profit1 increased 2% to £3,068 million
                                                                                                                       market with a top three share across multiple product lines. In UK
(2016: £3,010 million) while operating earnings per share (EPS)2,3
                                                                                                                       Insurance adjusted operating profit1 increased 13% to £2,201
advanced 7% to 54.8 pence (2016: 51.1 pence). The Board of
                                                                                                                       million (2016: £1,946 million) due to attractive growth across most of
Directors has proposed a final dividend of 19.0 pence per share. This
                                                                                                                       our core product lines together with favourable development of
takes the full year dividend per share to 27.4 pence, an increase of
                                                                                                                       reserves.
18% and meeting our 2017 dividend payout ratio target of 50% of
                                                                                                                            In long-term savings, adjusted operating profit1 rose 30% to
operating EPS2,3.
                                                                                                                       £185 million (2016: £142 million) reflecting higher assets under
    IFRS profit after tax attributable to shareholders was £1,646
                                                                                                                       management (AUM)2, stable in-force profit margin and strict
million and basic earnings per share 35.0 pence (2016: £859 million
                                                                                                                       management of acquisition costs, despite increases in new
and 15.3 pence respectively). The year-on-year movement in these
                                                                                                                       business sales. Net fund flows almost doubled to £5.6 billion (2016:
measures reflects the one-off exceptional charge of £475 million
                                                                                                                       £2.9 billion) due to mandate wins in workplace pensions together
incurred in 2016 as a result of the change in the Ogden discount
                                                                                                                       with a sharp increase in net flows into the advisor platform, where
rate, a reduction in integration and restructuring expenses and
                                                                                                                       AUM2 increased by 56% to £20 billion.
gains on divestitures, offset by a re-measurement loss of £118
                                                                                                                            Adjusted operating profit1 from annuities and equity release
million arising from our recent announcement to dispose of Friends
                                                                                                                       grew 11% to £725 million (2016: £656 million) due to higher new
Provident International, which has been measured at fair value.
                                                                                                                       business volumes and continued progress on optimising assets
    In 2017, Aviva repaid debt of US$650 million and returned
                                                                                                                       backing the in-force portfolio. New business volumes increased
capital to shareholders via a £300 million share repurchase
                                                                                                                       58% to £4.3 billion (2016: £2.7 billion), mainly as a result of bulk
programme. With our Solvency II cover ratio2,4 remaining above our
                                                                                                                       purchase annuities, where sales more than tripled in 2017 to £2,045
working range, we have plans to reduce hybrid debt by a further
                                                                                                                       million (2016: £620 million).
£900 million in 2018 and will consider other opportunities to deploy
                                                                                                                            Life protection saw a reduction in adjusted operating profit1 to
surplus capital to strengthen our businesses and enhance long-
                                                                                                                       £227 million (2016: £242 million). While increased volumes and
term shareholder returns.
                                                                                                                       margins supported growth in new business contribution from both
    During 2017, Aviva announced divestments of joint ventures in
                                                                                                                       the consumer and group protection portfolios, the result from the
France, Spain, Taiwan, and Italy as well as the sale of Friends
                                                                                                                       existing business declined due to unfavourable claims experience in
Provident International. Aviva invested in Vietnam, where we
                                                                                                                       group protection.
acquired 100% ownership of our joint venture with VietinBank, and
                                                                                                                            General insurance made continued progress in 2017, increasing
we announced the acquisition of Friends First in Ireland,
                                                                                                                       net written premiums by 4% while further refining product and
strengthening our position in the Irish life insurance market. In Hong
                                                                                                                       channel mix. Adjusted operating profit1 grew 4% to £408 million
Kong, regulatory approval was recently granted for our joint venture
                                                                                                                       (2016: £392 million) due to improved underwriting. Excluding the
with Tencent and Hillhouse.
                                                                                                                       impact of the change in Ogden discount rate in the prior year, the
    In 2017, our major markets demonstrated their competitive
                                                                                                                       combined operating ratio2 was stable at 93.9%, helping to generate
strength by growing assets, improving net flows and increasing
                                                                                                                       underwriting result of £246 million (2016: £232 million). The long
premium volumes. Our priority is to accelerate the performance of
                                                                                                                       term investment return was consistent with the prior year at £163
our businesses and translate this into attractive and dependable
                                                                                                                       million (2016: £162 million). In 2017, we announced the extension
growth in Group adjusted operating profit and dividends.
                                                                                                                       and expansion of our relationship with HSBC in the UK, which is
                                                                                                                       expected to provide additional impetus for growth in 2018.
                                                                                                                            Our legacy business of mature savings products maintained
                                                                                                                       adjusted operating profit1 at £331 million (2016: £332 million). AUM2
                                                                                                                       in the legacy portfolio remained stable, with positive investment
                                                                                                                       markets offsetting net fund outflows as policies matured. We
                                                                                                                       continue to expect adjusted operating profit1 from the legacy
                                                                                                                       business to decline gradually over the medium term.

1   Group adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section, note 4
    ‘Segmental Information’ and ‘Other Information’ within the Annual report and accounts for further information.
2   This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
    (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
3   This measure is derived from the Group adjusted operating profit APM. Further details of this measure are included in the other information section.
4   The estimated Solvency II position represents the shareholder view. This excludes the contribution to Group Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) and Group Own Funds of fully ring fenced with-profits funds of £3.3 billion
    (2016: £2.9 billion) and staff pension schemes in surplus of £1.5 billion (2016: £1.1 billion). These exclusions have no impact on Solvency II surplus. The estimated Solvency II position includes the pro forma impacts of the
    disposals of Friends Provident International Limited (£0.1 billion increase to surplus) and the Italian Avipop Assicurazioni S.p.A (£0.1 billion increase to surplus). The 31 December 2016 Solvency II position included pro forma
    adjustments for the impact of the announced disposal of Antarius and the future impact of changes to UK tax rules announced by the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s Autumn statement, which was removed following
    clarification in the 13 July 2017 Finance Bill. The 31 December 2016 Solvency II position also includes an adverse impact of a notional reset of the transitional provisions (TMTP) to reflect interest rates at 31 December 2016 £0.4
    billion decrease to surplus.




                                                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                        14
                                       Strategic report                            Governance                      IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Chief Financial Officer’s Review                     Continued


    In addition to the above core product lines, we have made                                                          In 2017, Aviva Ireland delivered adjusted operating profit1 of £86
changes to assumptions and methodology in 2017. The net effect of                                                  million (2016: £80 million) an increase of 18% after excluding the
these changes increased to £290 million (2016: £151 million). This                                                 contribution from the health insurance business divested in 2016. In
included changes in relation to longevity reserves, partially offset by                                            general insurance, net written premiums increased 8% to £436
increased provisions in other areas including expenses.                                                            million (2016: £378 million) and the combined operating ratio2
    Aviva’s UK business has unrivalled strength and depth and                                                      improved by one percentage point to 91.4%. This underpinned
provides a blueprint for our digital composite strategy. Looking                                                   growth in general insurance adjusted operating profit1 to £53
forward, our priorities are to grow adjusted operating profit1 while                                               million (2016: £48 million). In life insurance, adjusted operating
generating significant levels of free cash-flow that can be invested                                               profit1 was £33 million (2016: £32 million) with a modest increase in
or returned to deliver additional long-term benefits for                                                           sales volumes offset by higher investment management charges.
shareholders.                                                                                                          `Looking forward, the priority in Ireland is to maintain
    The UK offers structural growth drivers including the shift in                                                 underwriting discipline and continue to develop our composite,
assets and savings flows from defined benefit (DB) pensions into                                                   multi-product franchise with brokers, partners and customers. We
defined contribution (DC), rising auto-enrolment pension                                                           recently announced the acquisition of Friends First for €130 million
contribution rates and the trend for corporates to seek insured                                                    (subject to regulatory approval), increasing the scale of our life
solutions to manage (and outsource) their DB pension schemes. By                                                   insurance business.
leveraging the strength of our relationships with customers and
partners, we are focussed on extending our track record of growth                                                  France
via higher net flows, increases in premium volumes and continued                                                   In France, Aviva has strong distribution and a composite footprint,
discipline in managing expenses.                                                                                   with increased brand recognition providing an opportunity to
                                                                                                                   expand our presence with customers.
Aviva Investors                                                                                                        France adjusted operating profit1 was flat in local currency
Aviva Investors is targeting double digit growth by transforming its                                               terms at £529 million (2016: £499 million). However, this reflected a
position and becoming a leading asset manager of both third party                                                  partial year contribution from Antarius, which was sold to Societe
and Aviva assets. It is achieving this by focussing on three key areas:                                            Generale in April 2017. Excluding Antarius, adjusted operating
• Providing solutions - where the AIMS range of funds seeks to                                                     profit1 increased 13% in local currency terms to £507 million (2016:
  achieve investors' desired outcomes with reduced volatility.                                                     £421 million).
• Real Assets expertise - where our capability and expertise in real                                                   In life insurance, adjusted operating profit1 excluding Antarius
  estate and infrastructure origination supports both the growing                                                  increased 8% in local currency to £403 million (2016: £351 million).
  need of Aviva's annuity portfolio and the requirements of external                                               Fee revenues benefitted from higher average AUM2 and our results
  investors, including defined benefit pension schemes.                                                            were further supported by the continued evolution of business mix
• Improving investment performance - where we can capitalise on                                                    towards protection and unit linked products.
  our strong fund performance track record, the strength of the                                                        In general insurance, adjusted operating profit1 gained 37% to
  Aviva brand and the acquisition of additional asset management                                                   £104 million (2016: £70 million). Net written premiums increased 3%
  talent to increase our presence in traditional asset classes.                                                    to £1,053 million (2016: £957 million) due to growth in direct
                                                                                                                   personal lines, while lower weather related claims helped the
     In 2017, Aviva Investors achieved another year of strong growth,                                              combined operating ratio2 improve to 94.5% (2016: 97.0%).
with fund management adjusted operating profit1 rising 21% to                                                          In France, we intend to consolidate our distribution into four
£168 million (2016: £139 million). Revenue grew 14% to £577 million                                                key channels under a single Aviva brand. This targets improved
(2016: £506 million) due to higher average AUM2, an increase in                                                    alignment and efficiency within the distribution network,
revenue margin associated with the expansion of the third party                                                    strengthening Aviva’s ability to develop relationships with
business and greater levels of infrastructure asset origination.                                                   customers in the French market across our composite product
Operating expenses2 rose slower than revenues at 11%, leading to                                                   offering.
an improvement in the operating margin to 29% (2016: 27%).
     AUM2 rose to £353 billion (2016: £345 billion). Net inflows of £1.6                                           Canada
billion (2016: £1.0 billion) benefitted from higher inflows into internal                                          Aviva is a scale player in the Canadian general insurance market,
core propositions while market and foreign exchange movements                                                      with a circa 10% market share. We have a leading position in the
added £5.9 billion to AUM2.                                                                                        broker channel and, following our recent acquisition of RBC General
     Looking forward, the priority for Aviva Investors is to continue                                              Insurance (RBCGI), have expanded our presence into the direct and
the targeted shift toward external funds and Aviva core                                                            bank channels. Canada has provided attractive returns on capital in
propositions, along with increased origination activity in                                                         most years and our current positioning provides a long-term
infrastructure and real estate financing. This should further increase                                             opportunity to be a leader in the general insurance market while
revenue margins and adjusted operating profits1 and more than                                                      seeking to develop elements of a composite footprint for the benefit
offset the net outflow in legacy Aviva life products that are no longer                                            of customers.
actively marketed.                                                                                                     In 2017, Canada had a very challenging year, with adjusted
                                                                                                                   operating profit1 falling to £46 million (2016: £269 million). Net
Ireland                                                                                                            written premiums grew 15% to £3,028 million (2016: £2,453 million)
In Ireland, Aviva is a composite insurer with a leading market                                                     due to a full 12 month contribution from RBCGI (acquired in July
position in general insurance and a top four position in life                                                      2016) and long term investment return rose to £115 million (2016:
insurance. Our strategy in Ireland is to leverage the strong                                                       £105 million). However, the underwriting result deteriorated from a
capabilities of the Aviva group, bringing together leading digital                                                 profit of £168 million in 2016 to a loss of £64 million in 2017.
propositions and a large-scale composite business model to
capitalise on Aviva’s strong brand recognition.
1   Group adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section, note 4
    ‘Segmental Information’ and ‘Other Information’ within the Annual report and accounts for further information.
2   This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
    (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.




                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     15
                                        Strategic report                              Governance                       IFRS financial statements                       Other information


Chief Financial Officer’s Review                       Continued


The increase in the combined operating ratio2 to 102.2% (2016:                                                         profit1 of £168 million (2016: £170 million) represented an 8% decline
93.0%) was attributable to adverse prior year reserve development                                                      in local currency terms. General insurance adjusted operating
across auto and property insurance portfolios together with weaker                                                     profit1 was stable at £45 million (2016: £42 million), reflecting an
accident year profitability in the auto insurance market, where                                                        increase in net written premiums to £412 million (2016: £395 million)
bodily injury claims inflation rose sharply. In 2016, prior year reserve                                               and a slight deterioration in combined operating ratio2 to 94.2%
releases added £130 million to adjusted operating profit1, while in                                                    (2016: 92.5%).
2017, reserves were strengthened by £37 million. The underwriting                                                           Aviva Italy is a leader in the market in terms of product design
result in Canada also suffered from heightened levels of large losses                                                  and this is translating into attractive new business volumes and net
in the commercial insurance portfolio, while weather and natural                                                       inflows. We remain focussed on strengthening our strategic
catastrophe claims remained at elevated levels.                                                                        positioning in Italy by expanding distribution and increasing
     Looking forward, the priority in Canada is to restore adjusted                                                    emphasis on our composite business model.
operating profit1 to historical levels. We have undertaken a number
of remedial actions, including increasing premium rates across a                                                       Singapore
number of product classes. Our medium term objective is to return                                                      We are a major player in the Singapore life and health insurance
our combined operating ratio2 to a 94-96% target range. However,                                                       market and our strategy is to encourage the evolution of
the impact of these actions may take time to be reflected in our                                                       distribution in the market towards financial advisors. We believe
results, and our combined operating ratio2 is likely to remain above                                                   this will benefit customers, providing greater convenience,
our target range in 2018 and 2019.                                                                                     increased choice and superior value for money. Aviva Financial
                                                                                                                       Advisors now has more than 670 financial advisors, to whom we
Poland                                                                                                                 provide technology, compliance and administrative support. Our
Aviva is one of the leading composite insurers in Poland, with a                                                       ambition is the further expand this channel, where Aviva is a leading
number two position in life insurance underpinned by strong multi-                                                     provider of long term savings and protection products.
channel distribution.                                                                                                       In 2017, Singapore delivered adjusted operating profit1 of £110
      Aviva Poland increased adjusted operating profit1 by 12% in                                                      million (2016: £100 million), an increase of 5% in local currency
local currency to £177 million (2016: £140 million). In life insurance,                                                terms. Life insurance adjusted operating profit1 of £118 million
adjusted operating profit1 rose 8% to £156 million (2016: £132                                                         (2016: £112 million) was stable in local currency terms. Aviva’s
million) while general insurance adjusted operating profit1 was £21                                                    financial advisor network began to build momentum in new
million (2016: £8 million).                                                                                            business production, increasing value of new business2 by 24% to
      Growth was supported by higher average AUM2 in life insurance                                                    £123 million. In general insurance and health, adjusted operating
helped by improved productivity in our direct sales force and higher                                                   losses1 narrowed to £8 million (2016: £12 million).
retention. In general insurance, increased volumes in direct retail
and commercial lines together with lower motor claims frequency                                                        Strategic investments
helped to support growth. Adjusted operating profit1 from both the                                                     In addition to its major markets, Aviva has strategic investments
life insurance and general insurance businesses also benefitted                                                        which are managed to produce long term growth in adjusted
from consolidating the joint venture with Bank Zachodni WBK SA                                                         operating profit1 and value. These strategic investments are in
for the first time in 2017.                                                                                            China, Hong Kong, Turkey, India, Vietnam and Indonesia. Within
      The emphasis in Poland is maintaining positive momentum in                                                       this, we are currently delivering attractive and growing profits in our
the life insurance business and continuing to build scale across the                                                   joint ventures in China and Turkey, however these are offset by
composite.                                                                                                             losses from less mature businesses in Indonesia and Vietnam,
                                                                                                                       coupled with our acceleration of investment into Digital.
Italy
Aviva has a composite position in the Italian market supported by
joint ventures and distribution relationships with leading banks and
a growing franchise among independent financial advisors. We have
an opportunity to deploy our digital expertise in Italy to further
strengthen our propositions for customers and distribution
partners.
    Aviva Italy has generated strong growth in life new business
volumes and delivered £2.3 billion of net fund inflows reflecting the
success of their hybrid product and expansion of the distribution
footprint. However, this also gave rise to short term strain in
profitability against what was a record result in 2016. As a result
adjusted operating profit1 from Aviva’s Italian business was stable in
2017 at £213 million (2016: £212 million), despite a 7% benefit from
foreign exchange translation. In life insurance, adjusted operating

1   Group adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section, note 4
    ‘Segmental Information’ and ‘Other Information’ within the Annual report and accounts for further information.
2   This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
    (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
3   This measure is derived from the Group adjusted operating profit APM. Further details of this measure are included in the other information section.
4   The estimated Solvency II position represents the shareholder view. This excludes the contribution to Group Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) and Group Own Funds of fully ring fenced with-profits funds of £3.3 billion
    (2016: £2.9 billion) and staff pension schemes in surplus of £1.5 billion (2016: £1.1 billion). These exclusions have no impact on Solvency II surplus. The estimated Solvency II position includes the pro forma impacts of the
    disposals of Friends Provident International Limited (£0.1 billion increase to surplus) and the Italian Avipop Assicurazioni S.p.A (£0.1 billion increase to surplus). The 31 December 2016 Solvency II position included pro forma
    adjustments for the impact of the announced disposal of Antarius and the future impact of changes to UK tax rules announced by the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s Autumn statement, which was removed following
    clarification in the 13 July 2017 Finance Bill. The 31 December 2016 Solvency II position also includes an adverse impact of a notional reset of the transitional provisions (TMTP) to reflect interest rates at 31 December 2016 £0.4
    billion decrease to surplus.




                                                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                        16
                                       Strategic report                            Governance                     IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Chief Financial Officer’s Review                     Continued


Capital & cash                                                                                                     Outlook
At 31 December 2017, Aviva’s Solvency II capital surplus2,4 was £12.2                                              Having strengthened our balance sheet and streamlined our
billion (2016: £11.3 billion), equivalent to a cover ratio2,4 of 198%                                              business, Aviva is now at a turning point in terms of our capacity for
(2016: 189%). We increased our Solvency II cover ratio2,4 by 9                                                     growth. Our eight major markets are Aviva’s strongest businesses,
percentage points, whilst also paying off approximately £500 million                                               with leading distribution, brand strength, scale efficiency and
of subordinated debt and completing a £300 million share                                                           underwriting expertise driving attractive growth potential.
repurchase programme during 2017. Operating capital generation2                                                         We continue to invest in our businesses to build on Aviva’s
of £2.6 billion (2016: £3.5 billion) remained well above underlying                                                competitive advantage. We are strengthening our capabilities in
levels due to benefits associated with merging legal entities in the                                               data science and digital innovation to deliver leading propositions
UK and other actions as we continue to adapt to the Solvency II                                                    for customers. This is already providing tangible results in terms of
regime. Underlying capital generation remained stable at £1.7                                                      engagement with customers and distribution partners. We have
billion (2016: £1.7 billion), despite higher premium volumes in                                                    increased our investment in talent to support growth across the
general insurance, increased new business sales in life insurance,                                                 group, with notable examples being Aviva Investors, bulk-purchase
lower profitability from our Canadian business and the impact of                                                   annuity origination and Global Corporate and Specialty insurance.
divestitures. Cash remittances2 from our business units were £2,398                                                We also continue to develop our strategic partnerships in emerging
million (2016: £1,805 million). The increase in remittances was                                                    markets.
mainly attributable to the UK, which contributed £1,800 million                                                         This investment requires us to prioritise and reallocate
(2016: £1,187 million). Remittances from the UK general insurance                                                  resources. We are initiating a zero-based budgeting programme and
business increased and special remittances from the life business                                                  are seeking improvements in efficiency by reorganising functional
arising from the Friends Life integration doubled to £500 million.                                                 processes through global shared services. We have also chosen to
Remittances from Europe of £485 million (2016: £449 million) and                                                   exit markets or product segments, with proceeds from these
Aviva Investors of £58 million (2016: £39 million) both grew in                                                    divestitures, together with special remittances from UK Insurance,
conjunction with adjusted operating profit1 progression while                                                      providing capacity for investment.
Canada’s weaker results led to a decline in remittances to £55                                                          We have outlined an ambition to maintain higher growth in
million (2016: £130 million).                                                                                      operating EPS2,3. Aviva is now a more focussed business, with
     At our Capital Markets Day event in Poland in November 2017,                                                  operations in countries that have attractive economic prospects
we upgraded our target for total cash remittances2 to Group centre                                                 and segments where there are sustainable and growing demand
over the three year period from 2016 to 2018 inclusive to £8 billion                                               dynamics. Turning specifically to the drivers of our results and other
(previously £7 billion). With cumulative remittances inclusive of                                                  large or notable items, we highlight the following factors for our
announced divestiture proceeds at £5.4 billion, we remain on track                                                 2018 results:
to deliver this target.
     Aviva’s Group centre cash resources are £2.0 billion (February                                                • Organic growth – we are targeting greater than 5% growth in
2017: £1.8 billion). Our intention is to maintain this in a range of £1.0                                             Group adjusted operating profit1 from our major markets;
billion to £1.5 billion over time. In view of our surplus capital and                                              • Canada – we expect a partial recovery in adjusted operating
liquidity position and expected level of Group centre cash receipts                                                  profit1 to provide an approximately 1-2% incremental benefit for
over the coming year, we anticipate having £3 billion available for                                                  Group adjusted operating profit1 in 2018;
deployment in 2018 and 2019.                                                                                       • Capital management – the debt retirement and share repurchase
     Our priorities for deployment of surplus cash and capital remain                                                undertaken in 2017 are expected to support operating EPS2,3
unchanged. We prioritise profitable organic growth in our existing                                                   growth by approximately 2% in 2018. Additional actions in 2018,
businesses. After allowing for this, we will look to reduce debt                                                     including additional planned debt retirement, are expected to
balances, consider bolt-on acquisitions and provide additional                                                       provide a further 1% to 1.5% benefit to operating EPS2,3 in 2018.
capital returns.                                                                                                   • Divestitures – the expected completion of disposals in Spain, Italy
     In 2018, we have signalled our intention to reduce hybrid debt                                                  and Friends Provident International are expected to reduce
by £900 million. We are targeting more than £500 million in                                                          operating EPS2,3 by approximately 4% in 2018 depending upon
additional capital returns, incorporating liability management and                                                   the timing of completion;
returns to shareholders. In this regard, we have the ability to cancel                                             • Tax rate – our operating tax rate, which was 21% in 2017, may be
preference shares4 at par value through a reduction of capital,                                                      higher in 2018 depending on business mix of actual profitability.
subject to shareholder vote and court approval. The preference                                                       This may reduce operating EPS2,3 growth by approximatiely 1-2%.
shares carry high coupons that are not tax-deductible and they will
not count as regulatory capital from 2026. As we evaluate the                                                      With positive and negative items largely offsetting, we expect
alternatives, one of the things we are considering is how to balance                                               fundamental business performance in our major markets to drive
the interests of ordinary and preferred shareholders. We have                                                      our 2018 results. We are targeting greater than 5% growth in
committed €130 million to acquire Friends First in Ireland and have                                                operating EPS2,3 subject to the impacts from foreign exchange,
further appetite for bolt-on acquisitions in our major markets. Any                                                weather and other items.
unused M&A budget will be diverted to further reduce debt balances
or fund additional returns.
                                                                                                                   Tom Stoddard
                                                                                                                   Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                                                   7 March 2018




1. Group adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section, note 4
   ‘Segmental Information’ and ‘Other Information’ within the Annual report and accounts for further information.
2. This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
   (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
3 This measure is derived from the Group adjusted operating profit APM. Further details of this measure are included in the other information section.
4 Par value includes accrued interest, arrears and in the case of the General Accident plc preference shares, issue premium.



                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     17
                                       Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Market review



UK                                                                                                                 Financial performance
                                                                                                                   £m

                                                                                                                   Adjusted operating profit5,7
                                                                                                                                                                                                        2017

                                                                                                                                                                                                     2,201
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2016

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         1,946
                                                                                                                   Cash remittances6                                                                 1,800               1,187
                                                                                                                   Operating expenses6                                                               1,493               1,408
                                                                                                                   Solvency II Value of New Business (VNB)6                                            527                 429
                                                                                                                   Combined Operating Ratio (COR)6,8                                                93.9%               93.9%

Overview
Aviva is the UK’s largest insurer with a 18%1 share of the UK life and                                             UK Insurance was created in 2017 by bringing our UK life, health and
savings market, a 10%2 share of the UK General Insurance and                                                       general insurance businesses together under a common leadership
Health market. We offer a market leading range of propositions to                                                  team to unlock the potential of our unique position as a large scale
individual and corporate customers covering their savings,                                                         composite. The business delivered an increase of 13% in adjusted
retirement, insurance and health needs. We also have one of the                                                    operating profit5,7 to £2,201 million (2016: £1,946 million), including a
largest legacy books in the UK life and pensions market.                                                           6% increase from our legacy and core product segments.
     We look after over £260 billion of assets for our customers,                                                  demonstrating the value of our market leading franchise. Dealing
helping people save for their long-term goals, in particular their                                                 with the main components of UK Insurance in turn:
                                                                                                                   • UK life adjusted operating profit5,7 increased by 15% to £1,758
retirement. A key focus is on helping our customers provide for a
more comfortable retirement. We support them with secure income                                                      million (2016: £1,523 million) driven by an improvement in new
from annuities, paying out over £2.6 billion each year. And we are a                                                 business profit, continued growth of the long-term savings
leading supplier of equity release (lifetime mortgages), lending over                                                franchise, further optimisation of the annuity asset mix and an
£700 million in 20173.                                                                                               additional £139 million year on year benefit arising from the
     Market leading service is at the heart of our business and we                                                   annual assumptions review, including longevity. Profit before tax
insure 2.6 million motor customers and 2.8 million home                                                              attributable to shareholders’ profits7 is broadly unchanged at
customers. Customers publicly review their claims experiences with                                                   £1,619 million (2016: £1,616 million), with the increase in adjusted
Defaqto ratings of 5.0 for our Motor policies and 4.6 for Home                                                       operating profit5,7 primarily offset by more favourable life
policies. Over 4.5 million people rely on us to protect them and their                                               investment variances and economic assumption changes9.
                                                                                                                   • UK general insurance adjusted operating profit5,7 increased by 4%
families financially against death or illness and we keep those
promises paying over £900 million in individual protection claims.                                                   to £408 million (2016: £392 million) owing to an improvement in
     We are also a leading supplier of services to the corporate                                                     the underwriting result, reflecting broad-based organic premium
marketplace, servicing 5 million customers, including 21%4 of the                                                    growth of 4% and a continued focus on our core underwriting
workplace pensions market. We offer pensions, protection, and bulk                                                   competencies. Adjusted operating profit5,7 in the prior year
annuity propositions to both large and small companies, as well as                                                   excludes an exceptional charge of £475 million associated with
health and general insurance. Our relationship management teams                                                      the change in the Odgen discount rate. As the impact of Odgen on
work hard to ensure they understand our clients’ needs so we can                                                     our current year results is not material, this has resulted in a profit
bring the best of what we have to offer so our corporate customers                                                   before tax attributable to shareholders’ profits7 of £336 million
can fulfil more of their requirements with Aviva.                                                                    (2016: loss before tax attributable to shareholders’ profits7 of £246
     We continue to support our corporate clients and the health of                                                  million).
their employees with the launch of our low cost ‘Health Essentials’
products and the Aviva Wellbeing app. Health Essentials enables                                                    The Friends Life Part VII transfer was completed on 1 October 2017,
employers to offer simple top-up cancer and physiotherapy cover to                                                 delivering further capital benefits, with the final payment towards
their employees, intended to complement care customers receive                                                     the £1 billion target to follow in 2018. Special cash remittances6 of
through NHS health services. The Wellbeing app helps employees                                                     £500 million (2016: £250 million) were made to Group during 2017
track and improve their overall wellbeing and better manage                                                        due to the Friends Life integration, taking the total paid to date to
specific conditions and fitness priorities.                                                                        £750 million. These remittances were a key driver behind an overall
     We have access to customers across the UK through our                                                         increase in the cash remitted to Group to £1,800 million (2016:
unparalleled distribution network, with a growing Digital Direct                                                   £1,187 million). UK general insurance cash remitted increased to
offering for sales and service, strong relationships with independent                                              £434 million (2016: £91 million), due to cash being used to fund an
financial advisers, brokers, employee benefit consultants, banks                                                   increase in the internal reinsurance arrangement in 2016.
and we have single-tie agreements with three of the largest estate                                                      Operating expenses6 increased by 6% to £1,493 million (2016:
agencies.                                                                                                          £1,408 million) as we invested in growth and simplification initiatives
     Among our many awards, we have won the Insurance Times                                                        in the second half of 2017, and incurred the cost of increased
‘Insurer of the Year’ award four years running, ‘Health insurer of the                                             general insurance levies. Excluding these initiatives and levies, UK
year’ at the Health Insurance Awards for the eighth year running in                                                Insurance operating expenses were broadly flat, reflecting tight
2017, and ‘Platform of the year’ in 2017 from the LangCat.                                                         control of the direct expense base as we absorb growth.
                                                                                                                        Solvency II VNB6 increased by 23% to £527 million (2016: £429
                                                                                                                   million) with growth across all segments. Annuities were impacted
                                                                                                                   by a change in product and asset mix, offset by a £96 million benefit
                                                                                                                   to VNB following a clarification to Solvency II transitional rules.



1   Association of British Insurers (ABI ) 9 months to end Q3 2017.
2   GlobalData plc online database.
3   Equity Release Council and ABI.
4   PRA returns and Aviva analysis.
5   Adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section, note 4
    ‘Segmental Information’ and ‘Other Information’ within the Annual report and accounts for further information.
6   This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
    (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
7   The amounts shown above in respect of adjusted operating profit and profit before tax attributable to shareholders’ profits do not reconcile to the corresponding amounts in note 4 ‘Segmental information’ within the Annual
    report and accounts due to i) the inclusion of our Health business within UK general insurance and ii) the reclassification of non-insurance business to Other Group activities.
8   The 2016 Combined Operating Ratio above excludes the impact of Ogden.
9   Further information in respect of life investment variances is included within the APM section in the Annual report and accounts.



                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     18
                         Strategic report            Governance           IFRS financial statements    Other information


Market review      Continued


    UK general insurance COR of 93.9% was stable year on year                  In general insurance, market conditions have remained
(excluding the one-off 2016 impact of the change in the Ogden              competitive across our entire product range, and we expect that to
discount rate), reflecting further improvement in the underlying           continue. In 2017, the UK Government changed the Ogden discount
underwriting performance and premium growth, offset by lower               rate, which is used by the courts to calculate awards for cases
levels of prior year reserve releases, with weather experience             involving bodily injury. This increased the cost of bodily injury
broadly flat.                                                              compensation claims significantly. However, the Government has
                                                                           agreed to review the way the rate is calculated. We believe injured
Operational highlights                                                     claimants should be fully compensated for the injuries they receive,
• Combining our life, general insurance and health operations in           but it is also vital that individuals are not over-compensated to a
  the UK to form a single UK Insurance division. This is helping us to     level which increases the cost of insurance premiums for individuals
  build deeper relationships with our customers, clients and               and businesses, large and small.
  partners.                                                                    We have supported the need for motor insurance reform
• Transferring the Friends Life customers’ policies to the Aviva           through our Road to Reform campaign. We will continue to
  brand and welcoming them to the wide range of Aviva services             champion Road to Reform until it becomes law and Aviva has
  and products.                                                            promised to pass on 100% of the savings to its customers when it
• All UK customers who are registered on MyAviva are able to               does.
  manage their policies online, and we have 5.7 million active                 To keep things simple, we’re reviewing the number of variations
  registered customers by the end of 2017.                                 of our products and intend to materially reduce them. We’re also
• To support business customers wishing to reduce defined benefit          publishing guides to explain how an insurance premium is
  (DB) pension risk from their balance sheets, we have built up our        calculated and offering specialist training programmes to help our
  DB de-risking and bulk annuity capabilities from focussing on            customer-facing teams recognise the needs of vulnerable
  smaller, sub-£100 million schemes, to winning large schemes, for         customers.
  example the £600 million deal with Pearson covering around                   We strongly believe in harnessing Digital capabilities to benefit
  2,400 members.                                                           customers and will continue to be at the forefront of using
• We have secured a ten year distribution deal with HSBC to provide        technology; we have made a strategic investment in start-up
  home and travel insurance to their customers through HSBC’s              Wealthify – a robo-investment platform that allows customers to
  extensive digital channels, the branch network and over the              save from as little as £1 with transparent fees. Our chatbots help
  telephone. This partnership is one of the UK’s largest general           customers in seconds or provide an insurance quote in minutes.
  insurance bancassurance deals and presents us with significant           Customers can make most claims online and we settle simple
  growth opportunities.                                                    claims within seconds. And we help people plan for the life they
• We continued to defend our customers against claims fraud,               want in retirement with our Shape my Future tool.
  cancelling over 9,000 fraudulent policies and detecting more than
  £89 million of suspect and fraudulent claims in 2017.                    Priorities for 2018
• We’ve implemented our ‘Ask It Never’ technology to some of our           • We will deliver growth by leveraging the power of Aviva’s breadth
  products. Ask it Never uses advanced analytics, deep data and              of offering within the UK to deliver compelling propositions to
  customer value to make smarter decisions. We ask fewer                     meet our customer needs.
  underwriting questions, making it as simple as possible for our          • Driving digitisation of the Insurance business through customer
  customers to find the best solution to suit their needs.                   services, propositions and ensuring we are easy for customers to
• ‘Aviva Plus’ is an initiative to reward loyal customers and tackle         do business with us, however they choose.
  industry wrongs. Customers often get a low first year premium,           • Grow our business and deepen customer relationships by
  but see a much higher renewal quote in the second year. We are             expanding our propositions in targeted markets such as
  piloting a project with 50,000 customers to benefit from our               corporate multinational, bulk purchase annuities, home, digital
  industry-first renewal price promise, which means that customers           SME and wellbeing.
  who sign up will pay less than new customers for their home or           • We will drive simplicity across our operating model for example
  motor insurance at renewal.                                                moving all savings products to a single platform to enable us to
                                                                             serve our customers simply through whichever channel they
Market context and challenges                                                choose, whether they are employees of a group pension scheme,
Brexit continues to drive uncertainty, but we are well placed to             advised clients or direct customers.
manage with the implications.                                              • We will continue to lead the industry on the big customer issues
     We are continuing to prepare for regulatory change in our UK            by implementing what they’ve told us: simplifying our products
markets, with the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID),        and customer experience, increasing transparency and launching
the Insurance Distribution Directive (IDD) and the General Data              disruptive solutions to market. We will meet our customers’ needs
Protection Regulation (GDPR ) coming into force in 2018.                     in ways that are easier and more convenient for them.
     We continue to support our customers through the wide range
of choices they have as they approach and move through their
retirement with market leading propositions (investment,
drawdown, annuity, equity release), information through our Aviva
Retirement Centre, online guides and tools and our in-house advice
service, Aviva Financial Advice.
     We look forward to further improvements in the market over the
next two to three years. We would like to see a fairer pension
taxation system and a simpler regulatory environment which allows
us to better serve the needs of our customers.
     2018 will also see Auto-Enrolment minimum contributions start
to increase from the current base of 1% employee contributions to
3% in April 2018, and then to 5% in April 2019. This is a key period in
establishing better retirement prospects for all UK workers.


                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        19
                                        Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Market review                  Continued



International                                                                                                        Market context and challenges
                                                                                                                     During 2017 we experienced a number of challenges in the
                                                                                                                     Canadian market which have impacted on performance. These
                                                                                                                     included a second successive year of weather claims being adverse
                                                                                                                     to the long-term average following numerous storms and the
                                                                                                                     wildfires in British Columbia. We experienced unfavourable changes
                                                                                                                     in claims patterns, predominantly in our motor business, which
CANADA                                                                                                               affected prior year reserve development.
Overview
We are the second largest general insurance provider in the market                                                   Priorities for 2018
place, providing a range of personal and commercial lines products                                                   • Our primary focus is to return the business to target levels of
to over 2.8 million customers with an 10% market share4.                                                               profitability. We have a comprehensive plan to improve pricing,
    Our business is primarily intermediated, sold through a network                                                    risk selection and indemnity management.
of 1,100 independent broker partners. We diversified our                                                             • We will continue to work with the regulator, leading the market
distribution through the 2016 acquisition of RBC General Insurance                                                     changes motor product reform so that affordable insurance
(RBC GI) and through affinity partnerships such as Maple Leaf Sports                                                   solutions can be provided to our customers.
Entertainment.                                                                                                       • We will invest in innovative digital experiences and propositions
    Our objective is to be the customer-centric leader in Canadian                                                     to disrupt the market and better serve our customers and our
insurance by building on our strong service to customers and                                                           broker partners.
distributors, enhancing our digital capabilities and leading product
innovation.                                                                                                          EUROPE
                                                                                                                     Overview
Financial performance                                                                                                Aviva has a focussed approach in Europe with insurance operations
£m                                                                                    2017                2016       in France, Italy, Poland, Ireland3 and Turkey.
Adjusted operating profit1,5                                                         46                 269              Our European markets are a major contributor to the Group,
Cash remittances2                                                                    55                 130          providing a valuable source of diversification.
Operating expenses2                                                                478                  396              We have over nine million customers and operate a composite
Combined Operating Ratio (COR) 2                                                102.2%                93.0%
                                                                                                                     model across all of our European businesses with the exception of
                                                                                                                     Turkey where we offer life and savings products.
All percentage movements below are quoted in constant currency                                                           We are present in attractive markets where we have a
unless otherwise stated.                                                                                             competitive advantage and ability to source skills. We believe this
     In 2017, adjusted operating profit1,5 decreased by 84% to £46                                                   offers us clear potential for future profitable growth whilst at the
million (2016: £269 million). The lower underwriting result was                                                      same time benefitting from positive economic outlook and resilient
mainly driven by a change in the trend of prior year reserve                                                         economies.
development, which deteriorated from £130 million favourable to                                                          We remain cognisant of low interest rates and challenging
£37 million unfavourable. This change was the primary factor                                                         regulatory environments, and believe we are well positioned to
behind a current year loss before tax attributable to shareholders’                                                  succeed.
profits5 of £54 million (2016: profit before tax attributable to
shareholders’ profit of £165 million).                                                                               Financial performance
     Cash remittances2 have decreased to £55 million (2016: £130
million) due to lower adjusted operating profit1.                                                                    £m                                                                                   2017                2016

     Operating expenses2 increased to £478 million (2016: £396                                                       Adjusted operating profit1,5                                                      1,096              1,044
million) mainly due to a full twelve months of RBC GI.                                                               Cash remittances2                                                                   485                449
     The combined operating ratio2 was 102.2% (2016: 93.0%).                                                         Operating expenses2                                                                 820                765
Excluding prior year development and adverse weather experience,                                                     Solvency II Value of New Business (VNB)2                                            533                429
the COR was 3.0pp higher due to increased claims frequency and                                                       Combined Operating Ratio (COR)2                                                  93.3%              95.1%
severity.
                                                                                                                     All percentage movements below are quoted in constant currency
Operational highlights                                                                                               unless otherwise stated.
• Integrated RBC GI with the implementation of Guidewire platform                                                         At an overall level, adjusted operating profit1,5 is down by 2%
    in 2017, an automated policy management and billing system.                                                      compared to 2016. However, our continuing businesses have
• Launched an Accident & Health product for Commercial                                                               delivered an increase in adjusted operating profit1,5 of 7%,
    customers.                                                                                                       demonstrating the strength of our focussed approach. Profit before
• Released the Aviva Fraud report, the first of its kind in the industry,                                            tax attributable to shareholders’ profits5 has increased to £1,044
    raising public awareness on the impact of auto insurance fraud                                                   million (2016: £837 million), with the adverse impact of economic
    and the need for reforms.                                                                                        assumption changes in France partly offset by the profit of £180
                                                                                                                     million arising as a result of the disposal of Antarius6.

1    Adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section, note 4
     ‘Segmental Information’ and ‘Other Information’ within the Annual report and accounts for further information.
2    This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
     (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
3    Following the launch of UK insurance which brings UK Life, UK General Insurance and UK Health into a combined business, the Ireland Life and General Insurance businesses have been aligned to the new management
     structure and reported within Europe. As a result, comparative balances have been restated. This realignment was not implemented for cash remitted to Group, as this metric is managed at a legal entity level and Ireland
     constitutes a branch of the United Kingdom business.
4    Market Security & Analysis Inc. 2016 online database.
5    The amounts shown above in respect of adjusted operating profit and profit before tax attributable to shareholders’ profits do not reconcile to the corresponding amounts in note 4 – ‘Segmental information’ within the Annual
     report and accounts due to the reclassification of non-insurance business to Other Group activities.
6    Further information in respect of life investment variances is included within the APM section of the Annual report and accounts.




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       20
                                       Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Market review                 Continued


Cash remitted2 to the Group increased to £485 million (2016:                                                             POLAND
£449 million) mainly due to an increased dividend in France,                                                             We are a leading life insurer in Poland and also provides health
partly offset by a reduction in cash remitted from Spain,                                                                and general insurance products through the largest direct sales
following disposals.                                                                                                     networks, a financial adviser network and bancassurance
     The Solvency II Value of New Business (SII VNB)2 increased                                                          partners.
by 17%, and by 27% excluding disposed businesses, with strong                                                                 Our results in 2017 were driven by a rebound in general
performance in Italy which was up 102% as a result of higher                                                             insurance profitability. The government has recently announced
unit-linked and hybrid product volumes and an improved                                                                   its intention to launch mandatory pension auto-enrolment
margin on with-profits products.                                                                                         providing further impetus to grow our life insurance business.
     Operating expenses2 of £820 million (2016: £765 million) were                                                            Operational and financial highlights in 2017 include:
flat in constant currency, despite the significant increase in sales.                                                    • Introduced innovative products and launched MyAviva, an
This includes a decrease due to the disposal of Ireland Health in                                                           online customer self-service platform, leveraging group
2016, offset by the consolidation of the Polish joint ventures and                                                          capabilities.
investment in growth in our continuing businesses.                                                                       • Delivered adjusted operating profit1,4 of £177 million (2016:
     The European COR2 has improved by 1.8pp primarily due to                                                               £140 million).
France’s COR2 reducing by 2.5pp due to lower large losses and
improved claims experience. Our claims ratio has decreased by                                                            In 2018, we will start developing a market leading composite
2.9pp to 63.1 % (2016: 66.0%) with improvement across all                                                                insurance proposition via a mobile application while expanding
markets except Italy.                                                                                                    functionalities of implemented digital solutions.

FRANCE                                                                                                                   IRELAND3
We offer a full range of life, general, protection, health insurance                                                     We are a market leading composite insurer with a multi-
and asset management products in France with significant                                                                 distribution network and strong brand presence. With the
strengths in distribution through large tied-agents, Financial                                                           announcement to acquire the life insurer, Friends First, we will
Advisers, broker networks and direct to customers.                                                                       become one of the largest composite insurers with market share
    France is a mature and stable market with an improved                                                                of 15% in Life and General Insurance.
growth outlook and strengthened business confidence as a                                                                     The Irish economy shows signs of continued growth1 and we
result of pro-business reforms led by the new government.                                                                are well placed to benefit from government reform in general
    Operational and financial highlights in 2017 include:                                                                insurance compensation and pension auto-enrolment.
• Improved the customer experience by making it easier for our                                                           Operational and financial highlights in 2017 include:
  direct customers to do business with us and offering a                                                                 • Launched a new composite offering that rewards customer
  composite set of products in our SME space.                                                                              loyalty.
• Completed the sale of our shareholding in Antarius to Crédit                                                           • Delivered adjusted operating profit1,4 of £86 million (2016: £80
  du Nord in April 2017.                                                                                                   million).
• Excluding the Antarius disposal, delivered adjusted operating
  profit1,4 of £507 million (2016: £422 million).                                                                        In 2018, our plan is to integrate Friends First while continuing to
                                                                                                                         deliver differentiated digital products and services.
In 2018, we aim to digitise across all channels and implement
differentiated customer propositions under a single Aviva brand
to grow our customer base significantly.

ITALY
We offer life, general and health insurance in Italy. We distribute
through two major bancassurance partnerships, multi-agents
and Independent Financial Advisers.
    Aviva Italy continues to grow in a stable market with good
asset flows of £2.3 billion and a positive economic outlook.
    Operational and financial highlights in 2017 include:
• Grew volumes of our capital-light ‘hybrid product’ that
  combines unit-linked, with-profit and protection
  characteristics.
• Announced the termination of our distribution agreement with
  Banco BPM S.p.A.
• Delivered adjusted operating profit1,4 of £213 million (2016:
  £212 million).

In 2018, our priority is to implement a new strategy and increase
digital capabilities to further enhance our customers’
experience.


1   Adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section, note 4
    ‘Segmental Information’ and ‘Other Information’ within the Annual report and accounts for further information.
2   This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
    (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
3   Following the launch of UK insurance which brings UK Life, UK General Insurance and UK Health into a combined business, the Ireland Life and General Insurance businesses have been aligned to the new management
    structure and reported within Europe. As a result, comparative balances have been restated. This realignment was not implemented for cash remitted to Group, as this metric is managed at a legal entity level and Ireland
    constitutes a branch of the United Kingdom business.
4   The amounts shown above in respect of adjusted operating profit and profit before tax attributable to shareholders’ profits do not reconcile to the corresponding amounts in note 4 – ‘Segmental information’ within the Annual
    report and accounts due to the reclassification of non-insurance business to Other Group activities.




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      21
                                        Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Market review                  Continued



Asia                                                                                                                 have contributed to a loss before tax attributable to shareholders’
                                                                                                                     profits3 of £146 million (2016: profit of £48 million).
                                                                                                                         No dividends were remitted to Group during the year (2016: £nil)
                                                                                                                     as we continue to reallocate capital to support growth initiatives.
                                                                                                                         Operating expenses2 increased by 13% to £207 million (2016:
                                                                                                                     £177 million) reflecting the additional half year of expenses from
                                                                                                                     Vietnam, higher distribution costs to support volume growth in
Overview and strategy                                                                                                Singapore and investment in digital and analytics capabilities.
We have presence in six markets across Asia, from large populous                                                         The SII VNB2 of our life businesses increased by 47% to £162
nations like China, India and Indonesia, to advanced regional                                                        million (2016: £106 million) reflecting higher volumes from
wealth management centres such as Hong Kong and Singapore.                                                           Singapore’s financial advisory channel. In China, SII VNB2 increased
These markets provide an accessible population of around three                                                       to £45 million (2016: £19 million) driven by sales growth in agency
billion, and most of them have relatively low insurance penetrations                                                 and broker channels and higher interest rates.
compared to more developed Western markets. This offers                                                                  Net written premiums were £13 million (2016: £11 million). COR2
tremendous growth potential.                                                                                         deteriorated by 13.3pp to 123.2% (2016: 109.9%) due to
     We currently provide life and health insurance solutions to                                                     unfavourable claims experience and the continued softening of
around 4.2 million customers across our markets in Asia. We                                                          market premium rates for motor insurance in Singapore.
operate a multi-distribution strategy which includes tied agency,
financial advisers, bancassurance, digital, telemarketing, direct                                                    Operational highlights
sales force and group.                                                                                               • We established Asia Digital (located in the Singapore Digital
     Our strategy is to disrupt current market practices by placing a                                                  Garage) to accelerate the delivery of our ‘Digital First’ strategy
greater emphasis on our customers. We offer products individually                                                      using global assets such as MyAviva, websites, marketing and
or in tailored combinations to meet their needs and create real                                                        analytics systems.
value in line with our multi-distribution strategy.                                                                  • We continued to work with partners, Hillhouse Capital and
     Investment in distribution channels, digital and analytics                                                        Tencent, to create Hong Kong’s first truly digital insurer
capabilities continued throughout 2017. We are starting to see the                                                   • We acquired the remaining 50% shareholding from VietinBank to
benefits of earlier investments in Singapore and China, and the                                                        form Aviva Vietnam in April and entered into a long-term
overall repositioning of Asia is now starting to take shape.                                                           distribution agreement with the bank to sell products through its
                                                                                                                       network
Financial performance                                                                                                • We announced the disposal of FPI which will enable us to focus
£m                                                                                    2017                2016         on allocating capital to areas where we can generate strong
Adjusted operating profit1,3                                                       227                 228             returns
Cash remittances2                                                                    –                   –
Operating expenses2                                                                207                 177           Market context and challenges
Solvency II Value of New Business (SII VNB)2                                       162                 106           We believe the long-term favourable trends of the emerging middle-
Combined Operating Ratio (COR)2                                                 123.2%              109.9%           class, increasing awareness in retirement planning and a growing
                                                                                                                     market share in healthcare will persist across the region. We also
All percentage movements below are quoted in constant currency                                                       believe Asia will continue to outperform other markets in insurance
unless otherwise stated.                                                                                             growth.
     Adjusted operating profit1,3 from our Life and General Insurance                                                    The increased use of digital applications in our daily lives and a
and health businesses remained broadly flat at £227 million (2016:                                                   heightened sense of fintech development play to our strengths in
£228 million). Excluding Friends Provident International (FPI), life                                                 digital and innovation. We are encouraged by multiple Asian
adjusted operating profit1,3 increased by 10% to £116 million (2016:                                                 governments’ support in this area and we are ever more enthused
£101 million) driven by higher profit generated from existing                                                        in seeing consumers’ rapid adoption.
business in China, coupled with new business growth in Singapore
from its financial advisory channel which was partially offset by our                                                Priorities for 2018
continued investments in digital and analytics capabilities.                                                         • We will continue to execute and accelerate the growth of our
Including FPI, life adjusted operating profit1,3 was broadly                                                           financial adviser platforms in Singapore and look to maximise the
unchanged at £235 million (2016: £241 million).                                                                        expertise to capture similar opportunities in other Asian markets
     The general insurance and health business reported a £8 million                                                 • We will continue to invest in our digital business and distribution
loss (2016: £13 million loss) as a result of higher claims experience                                                  channels so that we can improve customer experiences, innovate
from our health business in Singapore partly offset by an input tax                                                    and respond quickly to the changing needs of our customers and
refund from the local authority.                                                                                       broker partners
     Our announcement to dispose of FPI and Taiwan resulted in a                                                     • We will accelerate our operational efficiency through
loss of £125 million as these businesses have been remeasured at                                                       digitalisation and optimisation of structures and processes
fair value. A further charge of £65 million has arisen as a result of an
annual impairment review of our investment in India. These charges


1    Adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section, note 4
     ‘Segmental Information’ and ‘Other Information’ within the Annual report and accountsAnnual report and accounts for further information.
2    This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
     (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
3    The amounts shown above in respect of adjusted operating profit and profit before tax attributable to shareholders’ profits do not reconcile to the corresponding amounts in note 4 – ‘Segmental information’ within the Annual
     report and accounts due to the reclassification of non-insurance business to Other Group activities.




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       22
                                        Strategic report                            Governance                      IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Market review                  Continued



Aviva Investors                                                                                                          Assets under management2 increased by 3% to £353.2 billion
                                                                                                                    (2016: £344.5 billion) due to a combination of net fund inflows of £1.6
                                                                                                                    billion, favourable foreign exchange rate movements of £3.3 billion,
                                                                                                                    favourable liquidity movements of £1.9 billion and the effect of
                                                                                                                    market movements of £2.6 billion offset by the disposal of the Real
                                                                                                                    Estate fund of £0.7 billion.

Overview and strategy                                                                                               Operational highlights
We are Aviva’s global asset management business with expertise in                                                   • We achieved significant growth in our AIMS range of funds, with
multi-asset, fixed income, equity, real estate and alternative                                                        the combined assets under management2 increasing from £9
investments. We currently invest more than £353 billion on behalf of                                                  billion to £12.6 billion.
our customers across a number of major markets. This gives us the                                                   • We added to our range of outcome-oriented funds with the
size and scale to successfully seek out opportunities that will deliver                                               launch of our Alternative Investment Solutions aimed at
specific investor outcomes.                                                                                           Institutional investors looking for long-term income and can
    Our aim is to be a global leader in outcome-oriented investing,                                                   invest in multiple illiquid asset classes.
leveraging our international reach and expertise to solve our clients’                                              • We secured significant mandate wins in global high yield,
problems – most notably with the Aviva Investors Multi-Strategy                                                       emerging market debt, long income real estate and illiquid
(AIMS) range of funds – and increase investments in real assets such                                                  alternatives.
as real estate and infrastructure debt and equity.
    In a world of low interest rates and Solvency II, we provide the                                                Market context and challenges
solutions for the Group to achieve the returns it needs. We offer                                                   The uncertainty of Brexit remains a challenge for the asset
winning solutions to the Group and external investors alike.                                                        management industry. Aviva Investors already has a significant
    Aviva’s development of the digital platform provides us with                                                    presence in France, Luxembourg and Warsaw and have been
significant opportunities with direct clients: if these clients select                                              looking at all outcomes.
Aviva Investor funds on Aviva’s digital platforms, we are confident                                                     The asset management industry is under intense pressure to
that they will benefit from a high quality solution and a seamless                                                  demonstrate value to customers and in June the Financial Conduct
customer experience.                                                                                                Authority (FCA) announced the findings of its asset management
                                                                                                                    market study, highlighting that there is room for improvement. We
Financial performance                                                                                               believe outcome orientated investing aligns well with these findings
£m                                                                                    2017               2016
                                                                                                                    and we support the push for greater transparency: it is imperative
                                                                                                       139          we can prove our value to society and demonstrate how we can
Fund management adjusted operating profit1                                         168
Revenue                                                                            577                 506          support economic growth and development.
Operating expenses2                                                                409                 367              Market conditions have been benign despite considerable
Cash remittances2                                                                   58                  39          economic and geo-political uncertainty. These conditions have
Assets under management2                                                         353bn               345bn          rewarded high levels of exposure to market risk, making strategies
                                                                                                                    with good downside protection strategies look less attractive in the
We have made progress in externalising the business and                                                             short term.
developing higher value outcome-oriented propositions for our                                                           We continue to invest in our Global Responsible Investing
clients.                                                                                                            credentials, winning the coveted Responsible Investor Innovation
     Fund management adjusted operating profit1 increased by 21%                                                    and Industry Leadership award. Environmental and social thinking
to £168 million driven by growth in revenue, with operating                                                         and governance (ESG) is embedded within our investment decision
expenses increasing at a slower rate. This led to a 2pp improvement                                                 making process across all asset classes. Read more in the
in the adjusted operating profit1 margin, calculated as fund                                                        ‘Corporate responsibility’ section later in this report.
management adjusted operating profit1 expressed as a percentage
of revenue, to 29% (2016: 27%).                                                                                     Priorities for 2018
     Revenue has increased by 14% to £577 million due to the full                                                   • We will improve our already strong investment performance
year impact of on-boarding £14 billion of Friends Life assets in 2016,                                                through better research, challenge and debate, higher conviction
a 40% growth in the AIMS assets under management to £12.6 billion                                                     and improved portfolio construction.
(2016: £9.0 billion) and a 24% increase in the origination of                                                       • We will grow and protect our asset base by investing in
infrastructure assets to £4.1 billion (2016: £3.3 billion). The share of                                              distribution and creating attractive savings solutions for the rest
revenue from external clients increased to 34% (2016: 32%).                                                           of the Group.
     Operating expenses2 increased to £409 million (2016: £367                                                      • We will simplify our business by removing complexity, introducing
million). Cost increases have been controlled and reflect the                                                         robotics for routine tasks and leveraging big data to give us better
investment required to support the growth of the business.                                                            insights.
Integration and restructuring costs were £3 million (2016: £19                                                      • We will accelerate our Real Assets business, with a particular
million).                                                                                                             emphasis on the origination of illiquid assets to support Aviva’s
     Cash remitted2 to Group increased by 49% to £58 million (2016:                                                   expected growth in bulk purchase annuities.
£39 million) due to growth in the profitability of the business.                                                    • We will further embed our risk and control framework to look after
                                                                                                                      customers and shareholders better and protect our reputation.



1    Adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section, note 4
     ‘Segmental Information’ and ‘Other Information’ within the Annual report and accounts for further information.
2    This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
     (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      23
                           Strategic report             Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Risk and risk management



Risk and risk                                                                Types of risk inherent to our business model
                                                                             Risks customers transfer to us
                                                                             • Life insurance risk includes longevity risk (annuitants living longer

management                                                                     than we expect), mortality risk (customers with life protection),
                                                                               critical illness risk, expense risk (the amount it costs us to
                                                                               administer policies) and persistency risk (customers lapsing or
                                                                               surrendering their policies)
                                                                             • General insurance risk is the risk arising from loss events (fire,
                                                                               flooding, windstorms, accidents etc)
                                                                             • Accident and Health insurance risk covers healthcare costs and
Risk management is key to Aviva’s success. We accept the risks
                                                                               loss of earnings arising from customers falling ill
inherent to our core business lines of life, accident and health, and
general insurance and asset management. We diversify these risks             Risks arising from our investments
through our scale, geographic spread, the variety of the products            • Credit risks (actual defaults and market expectation of defaults)
and services we offer and the channels through which we sell them.             create uncertainty in our ability to offer a minimum investment
    We receive premiums which we invest in order to maximise risk-             return on our investments
adjusted returns, so that we can fulfil our promises to customers            • Liquidity risk is the risk of not being able to make payments as
while providing a return to our shareholders. In doing so we have a            they become due because there are insufficient assets in cash
preference for retaining those risks we believe we are capable of              form
managing to generate a return.                                               • Market risks result from fluctuations in asset values, including
    Looking forward, these risks may be magnified or dampened by               equity prices, property prices, foreign exchange, inflation and
current and emerging external trends which may impact upon our                 interest rates
current and longer term profitability and viability, in particular our
ability to write profitable new business.                                    Risks from our operations and other business risks
    This includes the risk of failing to adapt our business model to         • Operational risk is the risk of direct or indirect loss, arising from
take advantage of these trends. The ‘Principal risk trends and causal          inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or
factors’ table in this section describe what these trends are, their           external events including changes in the regulatory environment
impact, future outlook and how we manage these risks.                        • Asset management risk is the risk of customers redeeming funds,
                                                                               not investing with us, or switching funds, resulting in reduced fee
How we manage risk                                                             income
Rigorous and consistent risk management is embedded across the
Group through our Risk Management Framework, comprising our
systems of governance, risk management processes and risk
appetite framework.

Our governance
This includes risk policies and business standards, risk oversight
committees and roles and responsibilities. Line management in the
business is accountable for risk management which, together with
the risk function and internal audit, form our ‘three lines of defence’
of risk management. The roles and responsibilities of the Board
Governance, Audit and Risk Committees and Management
Disclosure, Asset Liability and Operational Risk Committees in the
oversight of risk management and internal control is set out in the
‘Directors’ and corporate governance report’ in the Annual report
and accounts.

Our process
This comprises the processes we use to identify, measure, manage,
monitor and report risks, including the use of our risk models and
stress and scenario testing. Having identified and measured the
risks of our business, depending on our risk appetite, we either
accept these risks or take action to reduce, transfer or mitigate
them.

Our risk appetite framework
This refers to the risks that we select in pursuit of return, the risks we
accept but seek to minimise and the risks we seek to avoid or
transfer, including quantitative expressions of the level of risk we
can support (e.g. the amount of capital we are prepared to put at
risk).




                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          24
                                       Strategic report                              Governance           IFRS financial statements   Other information


Risk and risk management                        Continued


Principal risk types
The types of risk to which the Group is exposed, described in the table below, have not changed significantly over the year. All of the risks
below, and in particular operational risks, may have an adverse impact on our brand and reputation.
Risk type                             Risk preference                                        Mitigation
Credit risk                           We like credit risk as we believe                      • Risk appetites set to limit overall level of credit risk
• Credit spread1                      we have the expertise to                               • Credit limit framework imposes limits on credit concentration by issuer,
• Credit default                      manage it and the structural                             sector and type of instrument
                                      investment advantages                                  • Investment restrictions on sovereign and corporate exposure to certain
                                      conferred to insurers with long-                         Eurozone countries
                                      dated, relatively illiquid                             • Credit risk hedging programme
                                      liabilities enable us to earn                          • Specific asset de-risking
                                      superior investment returns.
Market risk                           We actively seek some market                           • Risk appetites set to limit exposures to key market risks
• Equity price1                       risks as part of our investment                        • Active asset management and hedging in business units
• Property                            and product strategy. We have a                        • Scalable Group-level equity and foreign exchange hedging programme
• Interest rate                       limited appetite for interest rate,                    • Pension fund de-risking
• Foreign exchange                    foreign exchange and inflation                         • Asset and liability duration matching limits impact of interest rate changes
• Inflation                           risks as we do not believe that                          and actions taken to manage guarantee risk, through product design
                                      these are adequately rewarded.
Life insurance risk                   We take measured amounts of                            • Risk selection and underwriting on acceptance of new business
• Longevity1                          life insurance risk provided we                        • Aviva’s staff pension scheme longevity swap covering approximately £5
• Persistency                         have the appropriate core skills                         billion of pensioner in payment scheme liabilities
• Mortality                           in underwriting and pricing. We                        • Product design that ensures products and propositions meet customer
• Expenses                            like longevity risk as it diversifies                    needs
                                      well (i.e. has little/no correlation)                  • Use of reinsurance to mitigate mortality/morbidity risks
                                      against other risks we retain.
General insurance                     We take general insurance risk in                      • Use of reinsurance to reduce the financial impact of a catastrophe and
risk                                  measured amounts for explicit                            manage earnings volatility
• GI catastrophe                      reward, in line with our core                          • Application of robust and consistent reserving framework to derive best
• GI reserving (latent                skills in underwriting and             estimate with results subject to internal and external review, including
  and non-latent)                     pricing. We have a preference for      independent reviews and audit reviews
• GI underwriting                     those risks that we understand       • Extensive use of data, financial models and analysis to improve pricing and
• Expenses                            well, that are intrinsically well      risk selection
                                      managed and where there is a         • Underwriting and claims management disciplines
                                      spread of risks in the same          • Underwriting appetite framework linked to delegations of authority that
                                      category. GI risk diversifies well     govern underwriting decisions
                                      with our Life Insurance and          • Product development and management framework that ensures products
                                      other risks.                           and propositions meet customer needs
                                                                           • Formal and documented claims management philosophies and procedures
Liquidity risk2                       The relatively illiquid nature of    • Maintaining committed borrowing facilities (£1.65 billion) from banks
                                      insurance liabilities is a potential • Asset liability matching methodology develops optimal asset portfolio
                                      source of additional investment        maturity structures in our businesses to ensure cash flows are sufficient to
                                      return by allowing us to invest in     meet liabilities
                                      higher yielding, but less liquid,    • Commercial paper issuance
                                      assets such as commercial            • Use of the limit framework covering minimum liquidity cover ratio and
                                      mortgages.                             minimum central liquidity
                                                                           • Contingency Funding Plan in place to address liquidity funding
                                                                             requirements in a significant stress scenario
Asset management                      Risks specific to asset              • Product development and review process
risk                                  management should generally          • Investment performance and risk management oversight and review
• Fund performance,                   be reduced to as low a level as is     process
  liquidity and                       commercially sensible, on the        • Propositions based on customer needs
  margin, Product,                    basis that taking-on these risks     • Client relationship teams managing client retention risk
  and Persistency                     will rarely provide us with an
  risks                               upside.
Operational risk                      Operational risk should              • Application of enhanced business standards covering key processes
• Conduct                             generally be reduced to as low a • Our Operational Risk & Control Management Framework which includes the
• Legal & regulatory                  level as is commercially sensible,     tools, processes and standardised reporting necessary to identify, measure,
• People                              on the basis that taking               manage, monitor and report on the operational risks and the controls in
• Process                             operational risk will rarely           place to mitigate those risks within centrally set tolerances
• Data security                       provide us with an upside.           • Enhanced scenario based approach to determine appropriate level of
• Technology                                                                 capital for operational risks
                                                                           • On-going investment in simplifying our technology estate to improve the
                                                                             resilience and reliability of our systems
1   Top three risks ranked by diversified Solvency II Solvency Capital Requirement
2   Not quantifiable in terms of economic capital



                                                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                        25
                           Strategic report               Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Risk and risk management          Continued


Principal risk trends and causal factors
This table describes the external trends and causal factors impacting our inherent risks, their impact, future outlook and how we take
action to manage these risks:
Key trends and movement                       Risk management                                         Outlook
Uncertain interest rate                       Over the last few years we have taken significant       While interest rates are still well below pre-
environment – if current low                  steps to reduce the sensitivity of our balance          financial crisis levels, during 2017, the US Fed
interest rates continue for a                 sheet to interest rates. Our exposure to interest       raised interest rates on three occasions, the
prolonged period it will adversely            rates movements is mitigated by investing in fixed      Bank of England reversed its 2016 rate
affect the return we earn on our              interest securities which closely match the interest    reduction and the ECB has begun to reduce its
investments, as well as the                   rate sensitivity of our liabilities. Actions taken      asset purchases. Although rates may remain
attractiveness of the returns we can          include close asset liability matching, reducing        below pre-2008 financial crisis levels in the EU
offer to new customers.                       sales of products with guarantees (in particular in     and UK for some time to come, there is a risk
                                              Italy and France), and shifting our sales towards       that a rapid increase in rates could result in a
Trend: Reducing
                                              protection and unit-linked products.                    collapse in bond prices, widening spreads and
Risks impacted: Credit risk, Market                                                                   reducing asset prices.
risks, Liquidity risk
UK-EU relations (Brexit                       Brexit does not have a significant operational          In December 2017, the UK and EU agreed
uncertainty) – 18 months since the            impact on Aviva. We are actively engaged to             separation terms, reducing the risk of a sudden
referendum result there remains               ensure the interests of our customers, the              departure in March 2019. In 2018, negotiations
considerable uncertainty over the             company and the industry are appropriately taken        will begin on transitional arrangements and a
UK’s future relationship with the EU,         into account. Our plans to address the loss of the      future trade agreement. Uncertainty over the
economic growth and productivity,             ability for UK firms to passport business into the      ultimate outcome is heightened by the UK
as well as the status of EU                   EU are currently in progress. Given our corporate       Government’s lack of parliamentary majority.
employees working in the UK and               structure, this is not a major risk. We are also
longer term implications for                  reviewing our data arrangements to ensure that
financial services regulation,                adequate measures are in place to allow
including Solvency II.                        continued uninterrupted flow of personal data.
                                              Our Financial Event Response Plan ensures that
Trend: Volatile
                                              we will be able to respond swiftly and effectively
Risks impacted: Credit risk,                  to any severe adverse financial event.
Market risks, Operational risk
Medical advances and healthier                We monitor our own experience carefully and             There is considerable uncertainty over the
life styles – these contribute to an          analyse external population data to identify            extent that improvements in life expectancy
increase in life expectancy of our            emerging trends. Detailed analysis of the factors       experienced over the last 40 years will continue
annuitants and thus future                    that influence mortality informs our pricing and        into the future e.g. despite continued medical
payments over their lifetime may be           reserving policies. We add qualitative medical          advances emerging, lifestyle changes and
in excess of the amounts we                   expert inputs to our statistical analysis and           strains on public health services may begin to
currently expect.                             analyse factors influencing mortality and trends in     slow or even reverse this trend.
                                              mortality by cause of death. Aviva’s Staff Pension
Trend: Stable
                                              Scheme hedges its longevity risk covering £5
Risks impacted:                               billion of pensioner in payment liabilities. Since
Life insurance risk (longevity)               2016 we have used longevity reinsurance for bulk
                                              purchase annuities and Aviva guaranteed annuity
                                              options. We continue to evaluate emerging
                                              reinsurance market solutions.
Climate change – potentially                  We are actively engaged in public policy debate         Global average temperatures over the last four
resulting in higher than expected             on the risks and impacts of climate change to our       years have been the hottest on record. Despite
weather-related claims (including             business and customers. We use reinsurance to           the UNFCCC Paris agreement, the current trend
business continuity claims) and               reduce the financial impact of catastrophic             of increasing CO2 emissions is expected to
inaccurate pricing of general                 weather events. Our flood mapping analytics             continue with global temperatures likely to
insurance risk, as well as adversely          helps us identify properties most at risk and           exceed pre-industrial levels by at least 2oC and
impacting economic growth and                 improve our risk selection. Our responsible             weather events (floods, droughts, windstorms)
investment markets.                           investment strategy ensures climate change, as          increasing in frequency (with a possibility of
                                              well as other environmental and social issues are       more cluster events) and severity. Disclosure of
Trend: Increasing
                                              integrated into our investment decisions. Read          impacts against various climate scenarios and
Risks impacted: General insurance             more in respect of the physical, transition and         time horizons will become increasingly
risk, Credit risk, Market risk                liability risks we face as an asset owner, insurer      common for all companies.
                                              and asset manager in our ‘Climate-related
                                              financial disclosure’.




                                                          Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                             26
                           Strategic report              Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Risk and risk management        Continued


Key trends and movement                     Risk management                                         Outlook
Impact of new technologies –                Aviva’s strategy is focussed on transformation into     There is expected to be a five-fold growth in
failure to understand and react to          a digital leader by taking a bold and enterprise-       digital data between now and 2020. Big data is
the impact of new technology and            wide approach to digital and automation. Four           becoming a critical driver of competitive
its effect on customer behaviour and        years ago Aviva announced its strategic                 advantage for insurers.
how we distribute products could            framework and embarked on a digital strategy
potentially result in our business          using predictive analytics, automation and digital      Artificial intelligence and robotic automation
model becoming obsolete. While              sales channels. We are currently integrating data       are likely to increasingly transform the
failure to keep pace with the use of        analytics into our operations, enabling new             efficiency of insurance operations such as
data to price more accurately and to        means of underwriting, personalised customer            underwriting and claims and will transform the
detect insurance fraud could lead to        propositions and operational efficiency now and         customer experience and build deeper
loss of competitive advantage and           in the futuresuch as our Ask it Never initiatives.      customer relationships.
underwriting losses.                        Refer to ‘Our strategy’ for further information on
                                            our digital strategy.
Trend: Increasing
Risks impacted: Operational risk
(developing the right strategy)
Changes in public policy – any              We actively engage with governments and                 The UK Government’s lack of parliamentary
change in public policy (government         regulators in the development of public policy and      majority increases the possibility of a general
or regulatory) could influence the          regulation. We do this to understand how public         election and change of government resulting in
demand for, and profitability of, our       policy may change and to help ensure better             a shift in public policy with consequences for
products. In some markets there are         outcomes for our customers and the company.             the products we sell and our investment
(or could be in the future)                 The Group’s multi-channel distribution and              strategy. In other markets in which we operate:
restrictions and controls on                product strategy and geographic diversification         a general election will be held in Italy in March
premium rates, rating factors and           underpin the Group’s adaptability to public policy      2018; in Poland we face heightened
charges.                                    risk, and often provides a hedge to the risk. For       uncertainty on public policy on pension
                                            example, since the end of compulsory                    reform; and in Ontario, Canada, further
Trend: Volatile
                                            annuitisation in 2015 in the UK we have                 regulatory reform focussed on providing
Risks impacted: Operational risk            compensated for falling sales of individual             affordable motor insurance is required.
(developing the right strategy,             annuities by increasing sales of other life and
regulatory compliance)                      pension products including bulk purchase
                                            annuities.
Cyber crime – criminals may                 We are not complacent. We continue to invest            In 2017 there were a number of high profile
attempt to access our IT systems to         significantly in IT Security, introducing additional    cyber security incidents for corporates in the
steal or utilise company and                automated controls to protect our data, detect          UK and elsewhere (most notably the global
customer data, or plant malware             and prevent cyber-attacks. In addition to               Wannacry attack), and we expect this to
viruses, in order to access customer        implementing secure development practices we            increase in 2018 as cyber criminals and rogue
or company funds, and/or damage             employ our own ‘white hat’ hackers to regularly         states become ever more sophisticated and
our reputation and brand.                   test our IT security defences. We undertake             given the growing importance of digital
                                            regular activities with our people to promote           automation in business strategy.
Trend: Increasing
                                            awareness of cyber and data security, including:
Risks impacted: Operational risk            employee phishing exercises, computer based
(fraud, business interruption)              training and more regular communications about
                                            specific threats as they are identified.
Changes in customer behaviour               Not only do we listen to our customers to ensure        We expect customers will be much more in
– will impact how customers wish to         we meet their needs, we also seek to transform          control, expecting to self-service and self-solve.
interact with us and the product            the customer experience through our digital             They will want to access data and insight and
offering they expect from us,               strategy, creating an effortless customer               use it to guide their own decisions.
including the exercise of options           experience. For information on how we are
embedded in contracts already sold          mitigating this risk through the execution of Digital
by us.                                      First and True Customer Composite strategies
                                            refer to ‘Our strategy’, with further examples
Trend: Stable
                                            provided in the ‘Market review’ section.
Risks impacted: Operational risk
(developing the right strategy,
regulatory compliance)
Outsourcing – we rely on a number           Our businesses are required to identify business        The recent insolvency of Carillion, which was
of outsourcing providers for                critical outsourced functions (internal and             not a direct supplier of services to Aviva, has
business processes, customer                external) and for each to have exit and                 brought added focus to this risk and we expect
servicing, investment operations            termination plans and business continuity and           regulatory scrutiny of outsourcing
and IT support. The failure of a            disaster recovery plans in the event of supplier        arrangements to increase.
critical outsourcing provider could         failure, which are reviewed annually. Business
significantly disrupt our operations.       continuity and disaster recovery plans are subject
                                            to annual testing. We also carry out supplier
Trend: Stable
                                            financial stability reviews at least annually.
Risks impacted: Operational Risk


                                                        Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                           27
                                       Strategic report                            Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Corporate responsibility



Corporate                                                                                               apply to all Aviva directors and employees, business units, and
                                                                                                        operations, and it is the responsibility of CEOs (or equivalent) to
                                                                                                        ensure that their business operates in line with them.
responsibility                                                                                               The Financial Crime Business Standard guides our risk-based
                                                                                                        financial crime programmes, which seek to prevent, detect and
                                                                                                        report financial crime, including any instances of bribery and
                                                                                                        corruption, while complying fully with relevant legislation and
                                                                                                        regulation.
                                                                                                             We implement a risk-based training and awareness framework
Defying uncertainty in uncertain times                                                                  to ensure employees and others acting on Aviva’s behalf know what
At Aviva we have an approach to business that is both responsible                                       is expected of them and how they should manage bribery and
and sustainable and which aligns with our values and supports our                                       corruption risks.
strategy. With a clear purpose to Defy Uncertainty, we are using our                                         We conduct risk-based due diligence when recruiting and when
bright ideas to help tackle some of the most important social and                                       engaging external partners. This includes background checks and a
environmental challenges of our time, such as ageing populations                                        requirement to align to Aviva’s anti-bribery and anti-corruption
and climate change, for the good of our customers, our                                                  principles. Managed suppliers are asked to sign-up to our Supplier
communities and the world.                                                                              Code of Behaviour and are also made aware of our Business Ethics
                                                                                                        Code, both of which also include reference to human rights and
Meeting our customers’ needs                                                                            modern slavery. In 2017, 81% of Group and UK managed suppliers
We offer a wide range of insurance and savings products to help our                                     agreed to our Code of Behaviour (or had their own equivalent code
33 million customers protect what’s important to them and save for                                      of behaviour) which requires compliance with all applicable
a comfortable future.                                                                                   financial crime laws and regulations, including bribery and
     In 2017, globally we paid out £34.6 billion in benefits and claims,                                corruption. In 2017, we engaged 88% of our managed suppliers on
supporting our customers when they needed us the most.                                                  corporate responsibility issues.
     In addition, nearly two thirds of our markets offered our                                               To ensure that anti-bribery and anti-corruption controls are
customers a product which enabled them to be more                                                       operating effectively we assess relevant management information
environmentally responsible or gave them easier access to the                                           such as key performance indicators on financial crime risks;
protection they needed for themselves and their families1. For                                          compliance oversight; reporting to the appropriate local
example, in Poland we funded 300 external air quality sensors                                           governance committee; annual attestation to compliance with the
which were added to the national network in places selected by                                          Standard; and inclusion in Internal Audit’s risk based audit
local communities. By helping people monitor the air quality where                                      programme. At a Group level, the Chief Risk Officer provides Aviva’s
they live, they can take action to protect themselves, their families,                                  Board Governance Committee with regular reporting on financial
and their communities. We are also offering discounts for in-home                                       crime matters, including Aviva’s anti-bribery and anti-corruption
air quality sensors to life and health insurance customers in Poland.                                   programme.
     We continue to improve our processes for the benefit of our                                             Our malpractice helpline, Right Call, makes it easy to report any
customers. For example, Aviva Singapore has implemented e-                                              concerns in confidence, with all reports referred to an independent
submission for new business applications for individual life and                                        investigation team. In 2017, 41 cases were reported through Right
health customers. This has reduced the need for paper forms and                                         Call (2016: 25), including one related to bribery and corruption
made applications easier for customers and advisers by providing                                        concerns. 35 cases reached conclusion, and 6 remain under
an immediate underwriting decision.                                                                     investigation. There has been no material litigation arising from any
     We work hard to offer great customer service and this is                                           case reported in 2017.
reflected in our NPS score® which shows that seven out of ten of our
businesses are in or above the upper quartile relative to the local                                     Supporting communities
market average.                                                                                         In 2017, we launched the Aviva Community Fund in more markets,
     However, we know that we do not always get it right and any                                        giving hundreds of organisations across ten countries the chance to
complaints and feedback we receive are taken seriously and                                              secure the support they need to make a difference in their local
investigated thoroughly. This commitment is reflected in the                                            communities. We also increased our community investment by 5%,
customer business standard all our markets abide by (see the                                            totalling £11.9 million (2016: £11.3 million) and the number of
policies section of aviva.com/social-purpose).                                                          inspirational local projects we supported by 50%, totalling 2,400
                                                                                                        (2016: 1,600). This in turn helped 792,000 people. We harnessed the
Ethical practice                                                                                        passion and talent of our people at Aviva, with 13% of our
We are committed to high standards of ethical behaviour. Our                                            employees contributing 48,400 hours of volunteering time and
Business Ethics Code outlines our high ethical standards and                                            giving or fundraising over £1.2 million. Our Voice of Aviva results
ensures we operate responsibly and transparently. We require all                                        show that 88% of our people believe that Aviva is a good corporate
                                                                                                        citizen, up 8% since 2015 and 15% above the industry benchmark.
our people, at every level, to read and sign-up to our Code every
                                                                                                        These employees are 58% more likely to be proud of Aviva.
year (99% of our employees did so in 2017). In 2017, we also
                                                                                                             We are now two years into our strategic partnership with the
reviewed and improved our business ethics training that                                                 British Red Cross (BRC), working together to help communities to
accompanies the Code, to reinforce its importance and practical                                         be better informed, prepared, and therefore more resilient if
application for our people.                                                                             disaster strikes. This year we identified and funded four new Red
    We have a zero tolerance approach to acts of bribery and                                            Cross community resilience projects across our markets in Canada,
corruption. To manage bribery and corruption risks, Aviva operates                                      Singapore, Italy and Poland. In the UK we supported the BRC to
within a risk management framework which sets high-level policies                                       help those impacted by the Grenfell Tower fire, and the terror
and standards across all markets. These policies and standards
1   For a definition of these products, please see www.aviva.com/CRreportingcriteria2017.




                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     28
                           Strategic report          Governance          IFRS financial statements    Other information


Corporate responsibility      Continued


attacks in Manchester and Westminster. We are also the sponsor of         Shaping markets for sustainability
the UK-wide BRC Community Reserve Volunteer project, which will           We believe the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) can
create a network of 10,000 people to help out when disaster strikes       guide us, our customers and society towards a brighter, more
their local communities and working together with the BRC during          sustainable future. However, it is only by changing the rules of
major emergencies such as flooding.                                       capital markets and making finance longer-term and more
    In 2018, we plan to increase the impact of the Aviva Community        sustainable that these ambitious goals will be met. We are therefore
Fund across the world and aim to support 2.5 million beneficiaries        spearheading the creation of the World Benchmarking Alliance and
through our community activities by 2020.                                 the establishment of public, transparent and authoritative league
                                                                          tables, ranking companies on their contribution to the SDGs. In
Reuniting our customers with their policies                               September 2017, we jointly launched a global consultation to shape
Maintaining contact with our 10.6 million UK life and pension             this work and set-up the World Benchmarking Alliance. We continue
customers is extremely important to us and we work proactively to         to engage with a range of governments and wider stakeholders
reunite them with their policies. Our focus in 2017 has been on re-       worldwide.
engaging with customers whose policies are administered by our                 Aviva has been a member of the EU High Level Expert Group on
third party partners, or who are members of a Corporate Pension           Sustainable Finance, which is making recommendations to the
scheme. We have also worked closely with the life and pensions            European Commission on policy changes required to make the
industry and the Association of British Insurers on developing a          flows of finance more sustainable. Among these are proposals to
framework for dealing with ‘gone away’ customers.                         consider capital adequacy rules for investments, reviewing
    By the end of 2017, we managed to re-establish contact with           European Supervisory Authorities and clarifying fiduciary duty in the
nearly 118,000 customers. Our work in the early part of 2018 will         EU through regulation. Aviva will continue to advocate for these
focus on re-establishing contact with those customers who hold            changes at the global level too.
annuity products.
                                                                          Starting with ourselves
Championing responsible investment                                        In 2017, Aviva received a UN Momentum for Change Award
Aviva is committed to responsible investment, using our influence         recognising our work over the last decade to reduce the
to support more sustainable businesses and ultimately a more              environmental impact of our business and help inspire action on
sustainable economy and society. As part of our commitment to             climate change. We are a carbon neutral company, and continue to
responsible investment we use Environmental, Social and                   offset 100% of any remaining carbon emissions, with our offsetting
Governance (ESG) insight to re-orientate capital away from short-         projects helping over 1 million people since 2012 live better lives
term thinking and towards longer term investment decisions.               (e.g. through provision of clean cook-stoves in Kenya). We are also
    We actively promote good practice among the companies we              driving efficiency in our operations. For example, in 2017 our
invest in. We aim to identify and reduce ESG risks in our portfolios.     Canadian head office moved into a Gold LEED certified building and
For example, by understanding the quality of the Board of directors       we are currently merging four other locations into one energy
of a company and its strategy on issues, such as climate change or        efficient office site. To date we have achieved a 53% reduction in
the Living Wage, we can gauge how well prepared they are to deal          CO2e against the 2010 baseline, meeting our 2020 target (of 50%)
with current or emerging ESG issues.                                      early. We continue work towards our ambitious long-term target of
    As an example of our work in this area, Aviva Investors, Aviva’s      a 70% reduction by 2030. Under the Carbon Reduction
global asset management company, is focussing on reducing                 Commitment Energy Efficiency Scheme, we reported total
antibiotic resistance at 40 large food producing and retailing            emissions of 128,185 tonnes of CO2e in 2017 costing £2.2 million.
companies with high exposure to excessive antibiotic use within           This mandatory scheme is limited to UK business emissions from
their supply chains.                                                      building energy, and includes the property portfolio of our
    Our investments also support the transition to a low-carbon           investment funds managed by Aviva Investors. We are also looking
economy (see below for more details).                                     at ways to further reduce plastic use in our UK offices.

Investing with impact                                                     A challenge for today, not tomorrow
Across the world, we are working with entrepreneurs to nurture            Aviva has a long-term commitment to tackle climate change. In
their ideas and grow their businesses, with the aim of changing           2015, we announced an investment target of £500 million annually
insurance for the better. In 2014 Aviva France launched ‘Aviva            for the next five years in low-carbon infrastructure. We also set an
Impact Investing France’, becoming the first financial institution in     associated carbon savings target for this investment of 100,000
the country to create an investment fund dedicated to financing           tonnes of CO2e annually. In 2017, Aviva Investors signed £527.5
socially and environmentally responsible companies. This fund is          million of new investment in wind, solar, biomass and energy
now endowed with €30 million. With this pioneering initiative, Aviva      efficiency.
wants to participate in the development of social entrepreneurship,            Aviva continues to manage the impact of our business on the
a particularly innovative sector that creates viable economic             environment. Our Corporate Responsibility, Environment and
solutions to address major social issues. Aviva France also wants to      Climate change business standard focuses on the most material
demonstrate that investments can create social good as well as            operational environmental impacts, which we have identified as
healthy financial earnings.                                               greenhouse gas emissions. We report these as carbon dioxide
    During 2017, Aviva Ventures, our global capital investment            equivalent emissions (CO2e) on an operational basis in respect of
business, also invested in a number of start-ups having a positive        Aviva’s Group-wide operations. See the table below.
social impact on people’s lives. This included in the UK, investment           More details of our environmental KPI data and our
in Owlstone Medical Ltd, a medical diagnostics company                    independent assurance process can be found on
developing a breathalyser that can detect diseases at a very early        www. aviva.com/CRkpisandassurance2017
stage. The company is currently developing tests for lung and
colorectal cancer, two of the most common terminal cancer
conditions worldwide.




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       29
                                    Strategic report                         Governance                  IFRS financial statements   Other information


Corporate responsibility                 Continued


Operational global greenhouse gas emissions data boundaries                                              Respect for human rights
Our carbon footprint boundaries show the scope of the data we                                            We have a human rights policy that identifies our main stakeholders
monitor and the emissions we offset. We report on Greenhouse Gas                                         as well as the most salient human rights issues for our business. The
(GHG) emission sources on a carbon dioxide emissions equivalents                                         scope of this policy is group-wide and sets out the Group’s
basis (CO2e) as required under the Companies Act 2006 (Strategic                                         commitment to respect human rights. It applies to all Aviva
report and Directors’ reports) 2013 Regulations. We also refer to the                                    business units, operations, functions and staff, including but not
GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, and                                            limited to legal entities (including joint ventures), acquisitions,
emission factors from the UK Government’s GHG Conversion                                                 disposals, outsourcing arrangements, new products, new asset
Factors for Company Reporting 2017.                                                                      classes and strategic projects.
Tonnes CO2e                                                  2017              2016             2015
                                                                                                             Our approach to modern slavery is part our overall approach to
                                                                                                         human rights. In 2017, we updated our human rights policy to make
Scope 1                                                 17,915             19,210           19,112
Scope 2                                                 31,280             41,008           49,595       explicit mention of modern slavery as an area of focus. In addition,
Scope 3                                                 19,305             19,193           19,991       we:
Absolute CO2e**                                         68,500             79,410           88,698       • Engaged with our UK managed suppliers on their work to prevent
Carbon offsetting***                                   (68,500)           (79,410)         (88,698)        modern slavery in their operations;
Total net emissions                                          -                  -                -       • Worked with our UK procurement teams to further improve their
                                                                                                           processes, ensuring that new suppliers are required to agree to
Scope 1 – natural gas, fugitive emissions, oil, and company owned                                          abide by our Business Code of Behaviour and our Business Ethics
cars.                                                                                                      Code (both make explicit reference to modern slavery);
Scope 2 – electricity.                                                                                   • Reviewed the clauses in our supplier contract templates that
Scope 3 – business travel and grey fleet, waste and water.                                                 reference modern slavery, to ensure they remain fit for purpose
                                                                          CO2e tonnes        CO2e per
                                                                                                           and continued providing training on modern slavery to
                                                                         per employee        £m GWP        employees;
2017                                                                              1.6          2.48      • Created a page on our UK intranet dedicated to human rights and
2016                                                                              2.0          3.12        modern slavery to keep employees informed;
2015*                                                                             2.2          4.05      • Collaborated with the UN Global Compact as part of the UK
* This includes Friends Life business operations for the whole of 2015.                                    working group on modern slavery (which brings together peers
** 2017 Assurance provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP available at aviva.com/CRkpisandassurance2017
*** Carbon offsetting through the acquisition and surrender of emissions units on the voluntary and        from across different industry sectors to share learnings; and
    compliance markets.                                                                                    information to support our work in tackling modern slavery) and
                                                                                                           are also a founding member of the Business Against Slavery
Governance and risk management                                                                             working group convened by the UK Home Office.
Our Board Governance Committee oversees our responsible and
sustainable business strategy and the policies that underpin it. As a                                    As part of our human rights due diligence, in 2017 we have looked at
company we are subject to the UK Corporate Governance Code (the                                          how our community investment projects include women as
Code), which we aim to comply with fully. Details of the Company’s                                       beneficiaries. This is in line with our commitment to respect human
compliance with the Code can be found in the Directors’ and                                              rights and women empowerment.
Corporate Governance Report in the Annual report and accounts                                                We also have a set of internal policies (Business Standards) that
and online at www.aviva.com/investors/corporate-governance. The                                          support our commitment to respect human rights including:
activities of the Board Governance Committee can be found in the                                         • People Standard and supporting policies and procedures
Governance Committee Report in the Annual report and accounts.                                             (covering non-discrimination, freedom of associations, access to
    We have assessed the environmental risks that we face as a                                             grievance mechanisms); and
business at a global and local level. The most significant of these is                                   • Procurement and Outsourcing Standard (covering requirements
the potential impact of climate change on our customers’ lives and                                         from suppliers regarding human rights and wider corporate
our company’s assets. More detail can be found in this report in the                                       responsibility issues).
‘Risk and Risk Management’ section and in our high level response
to the recommendations of the Financial Stability Boards’ Taskforce                                      We will use the human rights due diligence data, covering all areas
on Climate-related Financial Disclosure, in the ‘Aviva’s climate-                                        identified in our human rights policy, to inform our work on human
related financial disclosure’ section.                                                                   rights in 2018. For our complete modern slavery statement, please
    We also manage the risks associated with our community                                               see www.aviva.com/modernslaverystatement.
investment activities through the controls outlined in our Corporate                                         Corporate responsibility (CR) key performance indicators
Responsibility Business Standard. This includes a governance                                             (including 2015-2017 figures) and the accompanying limited
framework for our charitable donations and partnerships and                                              assurance statement by PwC can be found on
details of how we manage the risks associated with employee                                              www.aviva.com/social-purpose, alongside Aviva’s 2017 CR
volunteering (for example, through robust child safeguarding). This                                      Summary and Environmental, Social and Governance Data sheet.
standard is reviewed each year and communicated to all Aviva                                                 More details of our internal diversity, inclusion and wellbeing
businesses. We review compliance annually, and all businesses                                            approach can be found in the ‘Our People’ section of this report.
demonstrate how they are complying with the requirements. Where
a gap is identified the business is required to produce an action
plan to ensure that is rectified.




                                                                            Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                               30
                                    Strategic report                         Governance                   IFRS financial statements                 Other information


Our climate-related financial disclosure



Our climate-related                                                                                       ensure we can cover our future commitments and meet the
                                                                                                          promises we have made to our customers, so insurance claims and
                                                                                                          pensions will be honoured. To do this we look very carefully at how
financial disclosure                                                                                      different investments meet our risk appetite in the longer term,
                                                                                                          when transition risks become much more important.
                                                                                                               Aviva’s strategy to implement the TCFD recommendations
                                                                                                          includes conducting climate-related scenario analysis consistent
                                                                                                          with the recommendations, wherever possible using commonly
                                                                                                          agreed sector/subsector scenarios and time horizons. This will
As an international insurance group1, our sustainability and                                              enable us to better anticipate and manage climate risks, as well as
financial strength is underpinned by an effective risk management                                         identify climate-related opportunities. This work will involve an
system. Our business will be directly impacted by the effects of                                          inter-disciplinary team including Group Risk, Group Capital, Aviva
climate change and therefore we need to build resilience to and                                           Investors, Group Reinsurance, the General and Life insurance
mitigate the risk of the impact of climate change for our customers                                       businesses, and the Corporate Responsibility and Public Policy
and investors.                                                                                            team. We will partner with industry associations and sector peers to
    We believe unmitigated climate change presents a real threat to                                       drive consistency in scenarios, including one for limiting average
financial stability over the coming decades, both at a governmental                                       temperatures from rising by more than 2oC by the end of the
and corporate level, to the point where it will permanently impair                                        century. We will report on the progress of our work on scenarios to
total asset value.                                                                                        Aviva’s relevant board committees and aim to first report against
    We have been reporting on climate change in our Annual report                                         scenarios in our disclosure next year.
and accounts since 2004. This disclosure builds on our 2016 initial                                            We recognise that the increased severity and frequency of
response and takes into account the final version of the Taskforce                                        weather-related losses has the potential to change events that
on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) recommendations                                            could benefit our earnings, to ones that will negatively impact our
published in July 2017.                                                                                   profitability. Consequently, large catastrophic (CAT) losses are
    These pages, along with an expanded version (available at                                             already explicitly considered in our economic capital modelling to
www.aviva.com/TCFD) are Aviva plc’s second annual response to                                             ensure we are resilient to such CAT scenarios.
the TCFD framework in our multiple roles as an asset owner, insurer,                                           We are closely monitoring sectors or subsectors particularly
investor and asset manager.                                                                               exposed to transition risk and analysing the risk to Aviva of our
                                                                                                          individual company level investments. In 2017, we worked with 2
Governing climate-related risks                                                                           Degree Investing Initiative to analyse how close we are as an asset
At the Aviva Plc Board level, the following two Committees oversee                                        owner to achieving a 2oC future. Using the European Commission’s
our management of climate related risks:                                                                  Sustainable Energy Investment metrics, the reports show how our
                                                                                                          equity and bond portfolios are aligned to the Paris Agreement, both
Board risk committee                                                                                      now and in 5 years’ time. We have fed them into the investment
This Committee met eight times in 2017 and reviews, manages and                                           strategy review of our businesses to help further shape our ongoing
monitors all aspects of risk management in the Group, including                                           response. Further strategic work is ongoing to understand the
climate risk. Climate change is highlighted as an emerging risk in                                        impacts of our investments through all asset classes and on a more
the ‘Risk and risk management’ section of this report and it is                                           granular basis. Climate change is part of our asset management
therefore assessed for its proximity and significance to Aviva via our                                    House View, which outlines the framework we use to analyse the
local markets and group emerging risk processes. The Committee                                            global financial markets. It is updated quarterly to provide key
has incorporated emerging risk scenarios into our scenario                                                climate-related physical or policy trends and developments.
planning, enabling us to review the most significant risks that would                                          Over the past few years we have developed insurance products
affect the Company’s strategy.                                                                            and services that support customers’ choices to reduce their
                                                                                                          environmental impact, such as bespoke electric vehicle policies and
Board governance committee                                                                                a generation of domestic scale renewables. We are also building our
One of this Committee’s responsibilities is to oversee the way Aviva                                      support of commercial-level opportunities around environmental
meets its corporate and societal obligations. This includes setting                                       goods and services. In 2017, we had 20 such products across our
the guidance, direction and policies for Aviva’s customer and                                             markets.
corporate responsibility agenda and advising the Board and
management on this. This Committee met six times in 2017 and                                              Risk management – identification, assessment and management
formally considered Aviva’s strategic approach to climate change                                          When making investments we need to think long term, since many
during the year. The Committee continues to ensure the Board                                              of our liabilities fall decades in the future. This means we need to be
remains informed on the issue.                                                                            careful and considered in our investments. Within these constraints
                                                                                                          we have an appetite to invest in low carbon projects around the
Strategy                                                                                                  world.
While Aviva’s climate change strategy relates to the entire Group,                                            The ways in which the insurance sector could be impacted by
the businesses that form Aviva work to different risk horizons. For                                       climate change are diverse, complex and uncertain. However, for
example, general insurance (GI) has primarily an 18 month outlook                                         the purposes of our response we have focussed on the three risk
(although recognising there are longer term risks) and focuses on                                         factors that the Prudential Regulation Authority identified in its 2015
the physical impacts of climate change. As a life insurer and pension                                     report2– Physical, Transition, and Liability.
provider we also make investments. This is, first and foremost, to


1   Aviva is an asset owner with assets to the value of £490 billion and Aviva Investors has assets under management of £353 billion.
2   https://www.bankofengland.co.uk/-/media/boe/files/prudential-regulation/publication/impact-of-climate-change-on-the-uk-insurance-sector.pdf?la=en&hash=EF9FE0FF9AEC940A2BA722324902FFBA49A5A29




                                                                            Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                               31
                           Strategic report            Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Our climate-related financial disclosure   Continued


1. Physical risk                                                             challenges and any associated fines are likely to be limited to
a. Insurance risks                                                           specific companies.
We recognise that weather-related events may become more
frequent, severe, clustered and persistent. These single and                 Metrics and targets
cumulative losses may impact our ability to write profitable new             Operational
business over the longer term. This has driven a focus on explicitly         We have measured, monitored and reduced our operational carbon
considering the impact of climate and weather in financial planning          emissions since 2004, on an absolute and relative basis, and
and pricing. Our GI business exposure is limited by being                    disclose related metrics on an annual basis in our public filings.
predominantly in Northern Europe and Canada. We require our GI               Although we do not consider these material, we have a long-term
businesses to protect against all large, single catastrophe events in        reduction target of 70% by 2030, from a baseline of 2010. These
line with local regulatory requirements, or where none exist, to at          figures can be found at www.aviva.com/ESGdatasheet 2017
least a 1 in 250 year event. Factors determining these decisions
include: capital efficiency, appetite for GI earnings volatility,            Investment
predictability of cash flows and dividend paying capability and              We have enhanced our Environmental, Social, and Governance heat
reinsurance market competitiveness. Canada is moving to 1:500                map to include proxy climate risk metrics. This heat map is
reinsurance limits in line with government requirements.                     available to our analysts and fund managers and updated on a
     We consider our top insurance climate-related risks to be:              monthly basis. It includes a composite carbon exposure metric
• Our actuarial pricing assumptions and projections which may                based on the carbon-intensity of business activities, the extent of
   prove incorrect                                                           operations in jurisdictions with stringent carbon emissions
• The levels of coverage available to make assets insurable                  regulations and the quality of a company’s carbon management.
• Financial results volatility resulting from the potentially increasing          We targeted a £500 million annual investment in low-carbon
   scale of weather losses.                                                  infrastructure from 2015-2020, and an associated carbon saving
                                                                             target of 100,000 CO2e tonnes annually. In 2017, we signed £527.5
We purchase reinsurance to protect against the severity and                  million of new investment into wind, solar, biomass and energy
frequency of large CAT events, and review the adequacy of the cover          efficiency. Aviva holds over £744 million in green bonds.
and the programme structure annually at renewal.                                  In 2015, we identified 40 companies with more than 30% of their
     A change in climate can mean that disease may spread to new             business revenue associated with thermal coal mining or coal
and expanded geographic areas. Therefore Aviva uses external                 power generation and undertook focussed engagement with them,
reinsurance for its life business to manage its exposure to life             including 51 in depth conversations. In 2017, we were asked to
insurance risks such as pandemics, and manages capital in an                 review our holdings against a list of 120 coal companies. We had
efficient manner in line with the Aviva Group’s risk appetite.               beneficial holdings in 26 companies with a total market value of
                                                                             £55.6 million or 0.01% of our total assets. 11 of these companies are
b. Investment risks                                                          also part of the list of 40 companies identified and engaged with
When acquiring property, Aviva Investors’ strategy is to commission          since 2015. More details of this engagement can be found on
an Environmental Assessment Report. This covers important                    aviva.com/social-purpose.
potential risks, such as flood exposure and historic and potential                More broadly, in 2017, we engaged with 989 companies on
pollution. Within our real estate portfolio, we use the Global Real          strategic, social and/or governance (ESG) issues. In the same period
Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) to understand the climate            we supported 52% of climate change related shareholder
resilience and broader sustainability of individual properties and           resolutions.
funds. The majority of our real estate and infrastructure investments
are located in Europe.                                                       Insurance
                                                                             We build the possibility of extreme weather events into our planning
2. Transition risk                                                           to help us understand the impact and ensure our pricing is
With the Paris agreement to pursue limiting global temperature               adequate. Catastrophic event model results are supplemented by
increases to below 2oC, there will be an increasing number of                in-house disaster scenarios. A 1:800 CAT event is required in order
climate–related policies and regulations to assist this transition,          for Aviva to incur losses (after reinsurance) above £1 billion.
which will impact sectors in different ways. We consider active              Therefore, multiple very large CAT events would have to occur in a
stewardship to be a fundamental responsibility for us as investors.          year in order to adversely impact Aviva’s capital position (estimated
This includes considered voting at Annual General Meetings (AGMs)            pro forma Solvency II capital surplus £12.2 billion).
and engagement on climate risk, disclosure and performance. We                    Each of our GI businesses has a Major Incident Response in
have focussed on in-depth engagement with companies                          place to provide customer service and manage costs of major claim
strategically exposed to climate related risks due to their significant      events and service demand surges. We continue to invest in
carbon impact and exposure to transition risks (and opportunities).          analytical solutions such as flood mapping, predictive analytics and
We undertake this engagement individually and collaboratively,               risk mitigation techniques that help us better understand risks
actively supporting or co-filing shareholder resolutions as                  being transferred to us from our customers and to respond more
appropriate.                                                                 rapidly when our customers need us.
    We continue to be committed to increasing our investment in                   Find out more about our approach at www.aviva.com/TCFD
low carbon infrastructure and to considering how best we support
the financing of the transition to a lower carbon economy.

3. Liability risk
Aviva has negligible exposure to litigation risks on the insurance
side through liability contracts such as professional indemnity for
Directors and Officers and Pension Trustee Liability insurances.
However, we may have holdings in companies that could be subject
to regulatory and legal challenges due to their climate-related
impacts and level disclosures. The direct impact from legal



                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          32
                       Strategic report      Governance           IFRS financial statements   Other information




Governance
In this section                                         Page
Chairman’s governance letter                            34
Our Board of Directors                                  36
Directors’ and corporate governance report              39
Directors’ remuneration report                          61




                                             Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                33
                         Strategic report           Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Chairman’s Governance Letter



Chairman’s                                                                member of the Committee since June 2016. To further the
                                                                          execution of our Digital First Strategy, Claudia was also appointed
                                                                          as Chair of UK Digital in September 2017.
Governance Letter                                                         Our stakeholders
                                                                          In December 2017 the FRC issued proposals for a refresh of the UK
                                                                          Corporate Governance Code and we are participating in the
                                                                          consultation process and are largely supportive of the planned
                                                                          changes. We recognise the importance of responding to increased
Our governance                                                            scrutiny on how companies are run and the emphasis on the
A strong system of governance, with effective and prudent controls        importance of considering the interests of a broad stakeholder
to assess and manage risk, is central to helping any organisation         group in making business decisions.
anticipate and adapt to changing external circumstances. It is very            During 2017, we began the process of creating an Evolution
pleasing that this year we ranked second in the FTSE 100 IOD/Cass         Council, which will comprise high calibre leaders from across the
Business School Good Governance Index 2017. This external                 business with a specific focus on the generation X/Y view of our
recognition is testament to the dedication of the team and all our        colleagues, and will be in operation from March 2018. The Council
colleagues who work to ensure high standards of corporate                 will receive a broad selection of materials ahead of each Board
governance throughout our business.                                       meeting with a focus on digital, brand and marketing, and will be
    We are not, however, complacent and constantly assess and             asked to provide insight and comments on the matters covered.
reassess how we are performing against the risks that we face. For        This will be an invaluable way of ensuring the views of our
example, in 2018 as we continue to implement our Digital First            employees’ are fed back to the Board on our strategic and business
strategy, we are not only conscious of the benefit of the ever-           matters, and that we have insight from the heart of our operations.
evolving technological developments but alert to the risks they can       At the outset, I will Chair the Council, with a view to rotating this in
represent. We strive to mitigate these risks by ensuring our controls     due course around other Non-Executive Directors.
continue to be strong and that we are well equipped to protect our             Additionally, the Board will be developing a programme to
business and customers from whatever new threats emerge. More             receive further input from employee forums, suppliers and the
information on our principal risks can be found in the ‘Risk and risk     communities in which we operate during the 2018 year. An example
management’ section of this report.                                       of our planned interactions with the employee forum is set out in
                                                                          the Remuneration Committee report.
Our culture                                                                    The Board remains focussed on all our stakeholders be they our
As Chairman, I am responsible for establishing and embedding the          people, our customers, our shareholders, and the communities
culture of the Board, which in turn sets the tone from the top for the    which we are part of. I am proud that we put people at the heart of
culture for the Company. Culture has remained high on the Board’s         our business. You can read about the work that we do in these areas
agenda in 2017 and I support the Financial Reporting Council’s            in the ‘Corporate responsibility’ and ‘Our people’ sections of this
(FRC) proposals for the new UK Corporate Governance Code to give          report.
more prominence to the Board’s role in considering the culture of
the Company.
    We are proposing to shareholders an updated remuneration
policy to help achieve our aim of building a culture that promotes
our ambitions for growth in both earnings and revenue, by
encouraging innovation and reinforcing our strong values. The
Board and I have a strong belief that the way we conduct business         Sir Adrian Montague CBE
and the way we engage with our customers, shareholders and other          Chairman
stakeholders, needs to be aligned to our values and purpose to Defy       7 March 2018
Uncertainty, and this in turn will ensure our long-term success.

Changes to the Board
In line with our structured approach to succession planning, there
have been a number of Board changes during the year. Maurice
Tulloch joined as an Executive Director in June 2017, taking the role
of Chief Executive Officer of International Insurance. Having worked
for Aviva for over 25 years, Maurice’s appointment is a great
example of our investment in talent from within the Company.
     Our succession planning has also been reflected at Non-
Executive level. At the 2017 Annual General Meeting, Bob Stein and
Sir Malcolm Williamson retired as Non-Executive Director and
Senior Independent Director (SID) respectively, with Glyn Barker
becoming SID, having been on the Board for five years. Following
the 2017 half year results, Glyn stepped down as Chair of the Audit
Committee to focus further on his role as SID, and Keith Williams
assumed this role as the Chair of the Audit Committee and also
joined the Risk Committee. Claudia Arney was appointed as
Governance Committee Chair in January 2017 having been a

                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       34
                                             Strategic report            Governance             IFRS financial statements   Other information


Chairman’s Governance Letter                                 Continued


Board and Group executive diversity                                                             continued support for the diversity and inclusiveness programme
The charts below illustrate the diversity of the Board and senior                               throughout the business. The statement can be found on our
management as at the date of this report.                                                       website at www.aviva.com/corporate-governance
                                                                                                    The Board also recognise the issue of unconscious bias, which
           Board of Directors
Non-Executive        Executive                                                Group Executive
                                                                                                could affect decisions in our workplace. We are committed to
                                           Composition                                          increasing awareness throughout the Company and plan to deliver
—                    4                     Executive                          10                training to all senior leaders throughout the Group during 2018. The
8                    —                     Non-Executive                      —                 Board received training on this during the year, demonstrating our
                                           Gender                                               approach to lead from the top down.
5                    4                     Male                               7
3                    —                     Female                             3
                                           Experience and Skills*
4                    4                     Insurance                          9
8                    4                     Banking                            5
3                    4                     Actuarial                          6
8                    4                     Transformation                     5
5                    2                     Law                                3
7                    3                     Government                         4
8                    4                     Customer                           7
5                    2                     IT/Digital                         3
8                    4                     Strategy                           7
                                           International experience*
8                    4                     Europe                             9
3                    2                     Asia Pacific                       4
1                    2                     The Americas                       3
1                    1                     Middle East & Africa               2
                                           Tenure
—                    —                     >10 years                          —
3                    1                     5-10 years                         2
2                    1                     4 years                            3
—                    1                     3 years                            2
2                    —                     2 years                            2
1                    —                     1 year                             —
—                    1                     <1 year                            1
                                           Age
—                    —                     30-39                              1
1                    1                     40-49                              3
3                    3                     50-59                              5
4                    —                     60+                                1
*individual directors may fall into one or more categories



There has rightly been a continued focus on diversity during the
year with the publication of the Hampton-Alexander review and
McGregor Smith and Parker reviews during 2017. The Board and I
support the increased spotlight on this area and are committed to
improving diversity throughout the Company, not just with regards
to gender and ethnicity, but in the broader sense to include
diversity of thought, tenure, age, experience, skills, geographical
expertise, educational and professional background.
     We support the target for women to represent a minimum of
33% of Boards, and a minimum of 33% of Executive Committee
members and direct reports, by 2020. As at the date of this report
our percentage of women on the Board has increased from 23% in
2016 to 25% in 2017. The percentage of female representation on
our Group Executive has fallen from 36% in 2016 to 30% in 2017,
due to Monique Shivanandan leaving the Group. Future
appointments to the Board and Group Executive will be made in
line with our Global Inclusive Diversity Strategy, which is described
in the Directors’ and Corporate Governance report.
     We welcome efforts to remove the barriers preventing women
advancing into senior roles, and we are proud that we are part of
the Future Boards Scheme, and that both myself and the Group
Chief Executive Officer (Group CEO) are active members of the FTSE
100 30% Club.
     The Board published a Board Diversity and Inclusion Statement
in May 2017, to formalise our approach to diversity, and reflect the


                                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                            35
                           Strategic report           Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Our Board of Directors: Biographies



Our Board of                                                               Andy Briggs ■
                                                                           Position: Chief Executive Officer, UK Insurance

Directors                                                                  Nationality: British
                                                                           Committee Membership: N/A
                                                                           Tenure: 2 years 11 months. Appointed to the Board as Executive
                                                                           Director in April 2015
                                                                           Qualifications: Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries
                                                                           Skills and Experience: Andy is the CEO of UK Insurance and is
                                                                           responsible for all Aviva’s insurance businesses in the UK. Previously
Sir Adrian Montague, CBE ▲                                                 CEO of the Friends Life business, Andy’s knowledge and experience
Position: Chairman
                                                                           of the UK insurance sector are invaluable to the Board. His role as
Nationality: British
                                                                           chairman of the Association of British Insurers gives him a unique
Committee Membership: Nomination Committee (Chair)
                                                                           perspective of the UK insurance and regulatory environment.
Tenure: 5 years 2 months. Appointed to the Board as a Non-
                                                                           External Appointments: Chairman of the NSPCC’s Fundraising
Executive Director in January 2013, and as Chairman in April 2015
                                                                           Committee and a member of the Board of Trustees. Andy is also the
Qualifications: MA, Law (Cambridge); Qualified Solicitor
                                                                           Government’s Business Champion for Older Workers.
Skills and Experience: Having held appointments as Chair of
Anglian Water Group Ltd, Friends Provident plc, British Energy
                                                                           Maurice Tulloch ■
Group plc, Michael Page International plc and Crossrail Ltd, Sir
                                                                           Position: Chief Executive Officer, International Insurance
Adrian brings a wealth of experience as a Chairman. His diverse skill-
                                                                           Nationality: British/Canadian
set and strategic awareness facilitate open discussion and allow for
                                                                           Committee Membership: N/A
constructive challenge in the Boardroom.
                                                                           Tenure: 9 months. Appointed to the Board as an Executive Director
External Appointments: Chairman of The Manchester Airports
                                                                           in June 2017
Group, Cadent Gas Ltd and The Point of Care Foundation.
                                                                           Qualifications: Maurice is a Chartered Professional Accountant
                                                                           (CPA,CMA), and he holds a Master’s degree in Business
Mark Wilson ■                                                              Administration (MBA) from Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh and a
Position: Group Chief Executive Officer
                                                                           BA Economics (University of Waterloo, Ontario)
Nationality: New Zealander
                                                                           Skills and Experience: Maurice has more than 25 years experience
Committee Membership: N/A
                                                                           within Aviva and was appointed as CEO of International Insurance in
Tenure: 5 years 3 months. Appointed to the Board in December
                                                                           June 2017. Maurice has responsibility for Aviva’s insurance
2012 and as Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in January 2013
                                                                           operations in France, Canada, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Spain, Turkey
Qualifications: MSc Management Studies (Waikato University)
                                                                           and India. His addition to the Board brings expertise and focus to
Skills and Experience: Mark is a dynamic leader with extensive
                                                                           the Group’s International businesses.
experience of leading major insurance companies. This included
                                                                           External Appointments: Non-Executive Director of Pool Re and a
Asian insurance giant (AIA). At Aviva Mark has developed and driven
                                                                           member of the Insurance Development Forum.
the strategy for Aviva to put Digital First and be a leader in offering
convenience to insurance customers. Mark is also a champion of
                                                                           Claudia Arney ▲
sustainability and as a result of this was invited to speak at the
                                                                           Position: Independent Non-Executive Director
United Nations in New York to further the efforts of companies in
                                                                           Nationality: British
achieving the Sustainable Development Goals.
                                                                           Committee Membership: Governance Committee (Chair),
External Appointments: N/A.
                                                                           Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee, Risk Committee
                                                                           Tenure: 2 years 1 month. Appointed to the Board in February 2016
Thomas Stoddard ■                                                          Qualifications: MBA (INSEAD)
Position: Chief Financial Officer
                                                                           Skills and Experience: Claudia has significant experience of
Nationality: American
                                                                           building digital businesses, strategy formulation, business
Committee Membership: N/A
                                                                           transformation and customer strategy. Claudia previously worked
Tenure: 3 years 11 months. Appointed to the Board and as Chief
                                                                           for the Financial Times, where she was part of the team that
Financial Officer in April 2014
                                                                           launched FT.com. In addition, Claudia acted as CEO of the internet
Qualifications: BA Economics (Swarthmore College); Juris Doctor
                                                                           start up, TheStreet.co.uk.
(University of Chicago Law School)
                                                                           External Appointments: Non-Executive Director of Derwent
Skills and Experience: Tom’s financial expertise and strategic
                                                                           London plc, Halfords Group plc and the Premier League.
decision-making skills play a fundamental role in driving Aviva to
attain its financial goals. As a result of Tom’s work Aviva has
strengthened its financial position and now has a capital surplus
that it can deploy in the years to come. Prior to joining Aviva, Tom
worked in senior positions as an investment banker in highly
respected US firms, including Blackstone Advisory Partners LP,
where he was responsible for successfully driving Blackstone’s
business advising banks, insurers and other financial institutions
globally.
External Appointments: N/A




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        36
                           Strategic report        Governance           IFRS financial statements    Other information


Our Board of Directors: Biographies   Continued


Glyn Barker ▲                                                            Michael Hawker, AM ▲
Position: Senior Independent Non-Executive Director                      Position: Independent Non-Executive Director
Nationality: British                                                     Nationality: Australian
Committee Membership: Audit Committee, Nomination                        Committee Membership: Risk Committee (Chair), Audit
Committee, Risk Committee, Governance Committee,                         Committee, Nomination Committee
Remuneration Committee.                                                  Tenure: 8 years 2 months. Appointed to the Board in January 2010
Tenure: 6 years 1 month. Appointed to the Board in February 2012         Qualifications: BSc (University of Sydney), Senior Fellow of the
and became Senior Independent Non-Executive Director in May              Financial Services Institute of Australia
2017                                                                     Skills and Experience: Michael brings to the Board experience from
Qualifications: Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of      his career in both the banking and insurance industries within
England and Wales; BSc Economics and Accounting (Bristol                 Europe, Asia and Australia, which included 7 years as CEO of
University)                                                              Australia’s largest General Insurer (IAG). Michael’s tenure at Aviva
Skills and Experience: Glyn’s knowledge of the Aviva Group brings        makes him well placed to determine the nature and extent of the
an in depth understanding of the issues and concerns of                  potential risks that could stop Aviva achieving its strategic
shareholders. Glyn’s experience enables him to support the               objectives and maintaining sound risk management and internal
Chairman and the Board by instilling the appropriate culture, values     controls.
and behaviour in the Boardroom. Glyn was previously a vice               External Appointments: Non-executive director of Macquarie
chairman of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) and was                     Group Ltd, Macquarie Bank Ltd, Washington H Soul Pattinson Pty
responsible for leading the strategy and business development for        and Company Ltd (investment) and Rugby World Cup Ltd. Michael is
Europe, the Middle East, Africa and India.                               also Chairman of The George Institute for Global Health.
External Appointments: Chairman of Irwin Mitchell and Interserve
plc, and a non-executive director of Berkeley Group Holdings plc         Michael Mire ▲
and Transocean Ltd.                                                      Position: Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                         Nationality: British
Patricia Cross ▲                                                         Committee Membership: Governance Committee, Nomination
Position: Independent Non-Executive Director                             Committee, Remuneration Committee, Risk Committee
Nationality: Australian                                                  Tenure: 4 years 6 months. Appointed to the Board in September
Committee Membership: Remuneration Committee (Chair), Audit              2013
Committee, Nomination Committee                                          Qualifications: MBA (Harvard)
Tenure: 4 years 3 months. Appointed to the Board in December             Skills and Experience: Michael has a detailed understanding of the
2013                                                                     financial services sector and experience in business transformation.
Qualifications: BSc (Hons), International Economics (Georgetown          Formerly a senior partner at McKinsey & Company, Michael
University), Life Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company          focussed on developing strategies for retail and financial services
Directors                                                                companies, which alongside his governmental experience at the
Skills and Experience: Patricia is an experienced company Director       Central Policy Review Staff (now the Number 10 Policy Unit), allows
having served on six ASX-30 Boards, including National Australia         Michael to bring a unique perspective and insight to the Board.
Bank, AMP, and Qantas. She followed service in the U.S.                  External Appointments: Chairman of HM Land Registry, Non-
Government working in foreign affairs with a long career in senior       Executive Director of the Department of Health and senior adviser
executive roles in banking and investment management, including          to Lazard (investment bank).
large international treasury and markets operations. She has lived
and worked in seven countries in Europe, the U.S. and Australia.         Keith Williams ▲
External Appointments: Chairman of the Commonwealth                      Position: Independent Non-Executive Director
Superannuation Corporation, a Non-Executive director of                  Nationality: British
Macquarie Group Ltd and Macquarie Bank Ltd. Chair of the                 Committee Membership: Audit Committee (Chair), Governance
30% Club in Australia.                                                   Committee, Nomination Committee, Risk Committee
                                                                         Tenure: 1 year 7 months. Appointed to the Board in August 2016
Belén Romana García ▲                                                    Qualifications: Associate member of the Institute of Chartered
Position: Independent Non-Executive Director                             Accountants
Nationality: Spanish                                                     Skills and Experience: Keith has significant financial experience
Committee Membership: Governance Committee, Nomination                   including a detailed knowledge of business planning, capital
Committee, Risk Committee                                                projects and project finance gained in a number of industries. Keith
Tenure: 2 years 8 months. Appointed to the Board in June 2015            has more than 10 years of executive experience as Chief Financial
Qualifications: BSc, Business and Economics (Universidad                 Officer and CEO at British Airways plc and, during his time, Keith
Autonomo de Madrid)                                                      transformed the Company into a customer focussed organisation.
Skills and Experience: Belén has governmental and regulatory             External Appointments: Non-Executive Deputy Chairman of John
experience and a detailed knowledge of the financial services            Lewis, Non-Executive Director of Royal Mail plc and member of the
industry and European regulation that together makes her an              Audit Committee of the British Museum.
invaluable member of the Board. Belén has held senior positions at
the Spanish Treasury and represented the Spanish government at
the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
External Appointments: Independent Non-Executive Director of
Banco Santander.


                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                      37
                              Strategic report                  Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Our Board of Directors: Biographies        Continued


Kirstine Cooper ◆
Position: Group General Counsel and Company Secretary
Nationality: British
Committee Membership: N/A
Tenure: 7 years 3 months. Appointed as Company Secretary in
December 2010
Qualifications: Bachelor of Laws degree (Glasgow University) and
qualified solicitor. Graduate of the General Manager Programme
(INSEAD)
Skills and Experience: Kirstine has over 25 years experience at
Aviva and is a trusted advisor to the Board. As a qualified solicitor
Kirstine is able to execute the role of Company Secretary by advising
the Board on governance issues and the regulatory environment.
Kirstine established the legal and secretarial function as a global
team and is responsible for the provision of legal services to the
Group. She also leads the team on public policy and corporate
responsibility.
External Appointments: Trustee of the Royal Opera House and
Commissioner on the Cabinet Office’s Dormant Assets Commission.
The full biographies for all our Board and Group Executive
committee members are available online at www.aviva.com.
Key
■ Executive
▲ Non-Executive
◆ Group General Counsel and Company Secretary

Sir Malcolm Williamson and Bob Stein retired from the Board at the Annual General
Meeting on 10 May 2017.




                                                               Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                  38
                          Strategic report          Governance          IFRS financial statements    Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report



Directors’ and                                                                The statement sets out our beliefs around the importance of
                                                                         diversity and inclusion in the Group, and how these are reflected in
                                                                         our Global Inclusive Diversity Strategy (Diversity Strategy). It also
Corporate                                                                details how we implement the Diversity Strategy, our objectives,
                                                                         and the timelines in which we aim to implement it.
Governance report                                                             The implementation of our Diversity Strategy is monitored by
                                                                         the Nomination Committee which reviews the balance of skills,
                                                                         knowledge, experience and diversity on the Board; leads succession
                                                                         planning for appointments to the Board and the senior executive
                                                                         team; and oversees the talent development and broader talent
                                                                         pipeline across the Group. The Board’s skills matrix supports this
The UK corporate governance code                                         approach by enabling us to map the broad diversity of the Board in
As a UK premium listed company, Aviva has adopted a governance           regard to gender, ethnicity, geographical expertise, and current
structure based on the principles of the 2016 UK Corporate               skills and experiences, and to link these to our strategy.
Governance Code (the Code). Details of how we have applied the                We recognise that the Board sets the tone for inclusion and
Code principles and complied with its provisions, are set out in this    diversity across the Group and believe we should have a diverse
report and the directors’ remuneration report. The Board can             leadership team to support good decision making. Diversity at Aviva
confirm that the Company was compliant with the Code throughout          encompasses more than just gender and includes, amongst other
the financial year under review. Further information on the Code         things, experience, skills, tenure, age, geographical expertise,
can be found on the Financial Reporting Council’s (FRC’s) website        professional background, gender, ethnicity, disability and sexual
www.frc.org.uk.                                                          orientation. While our percentage of women on the Board has
                                                                         increased from 23% in 2016 to 25% as of the date of this report, we
The Board
                                                                         are committed to achieving the target of 33% of women on the
Details of the role of the Board and its committees is described on
                                                                         Board by 2020, as evidenced from our participation in initiatives
the next page. The duties of the Board and of each of its committees
                                                                         such as Future Boards Scheme and the 30% Club. The diversity
are set out in their respective Terms of Reference. Our committees’
                                                                         charts in the Chairman’s Governance Letter show that we have a
Terms of Reference can be found on the Company’s website at
                                                                         Board with a broad balance of skills and experience.
www.aviva.com/committees and are also available from the Group
                                                                              The Board is focussed on creating an inclusive culture in line
Company Secretary. The Terms of Reference list both matters that
                                                                         with Aviva’s values and the Diversity strategy, which we believe will
are specifically reserved for decision by our Board and those
                                                                         lead to greater diversity both on our Board and throughout the
matters that must be reported to it. The Board delegates clearly
                                                                         Company. You can read more on the Board’s approach to diversity
defined responsibilities to various committees and reports from the
                                                                         in the Nomination Committee report.
Audit, Governance, Nomination and Risk Committees are contained
in this report. A report from the Remuneration Committee is              Activities and allocation of agenda time during 2017
included in the directors’ remuneration report.                          Board strategy and business plans – 31% of agenda time
                                                                         • Approved the 2018-2020 Group Plan and received presentations
2017 – 2018 Board changes                                                  and reports from markets in respect of strategy execution and
As at the date of this report the Board comprised of the Chairman,         performance against the Group Plan
four Executive Directors and seven Independent Non-Executive             • Held an annual Board strategy meeting in June 2017 to review
Directors (NEDs). Maurice Tulloch was appointed to the Board as an         and agree the Group’s strategy
Executive Director on 20 June 2017. Maurice is Chief Executive           • Reviewed and constructively challenged reports from the Group
Officer of International Insurance, with responsibility for Aviva’s        Chief Executive Officer (Group CEO) and Chief Financial Officer
insurance operations in France, Canada, Ireland, Spain, Italy,             (CFO), proposals for significant transactions, changes in senior
Poland, Turkey and India. His appointment gives further focus at           management, regulatory developments, the control environment,
Board level to the Group’s International businesses, with the UK           and progress against the Group Plan and the Group’s strategy
already being represented at Board level through Andy Briggs.            • Received regular updates from the Chairman on Board matters for
    Sir Malcolm Williamson retired on 10 May 2017, after serving two       which he is responsible such as Board composition
years on the Board. Bob Stein also retired on 10 May 2017, after
serving four years on the Board.                                         Customer – 10% of agenda time
    Glyn Barker became Senior Independent Director (SID) on 10           • Received updates on customer metrics and the processes to
May 2017 and, following announcement of the half year results on 3         reduce complaints
August 2017, stepped down as Chair of the Audit Committee (but           • Undertook deep dives into renewal pricing, customer journeys,
remained as a member), with Keith Williams becoming the Audit              and customer operations and transformation
Committee Chair. Claudia Arney became Governance Committee
Chair on 1 January 2017, following the retirement of Scott Wheway        Oversight of risk and risk management – 6% of agenda time
on 31 December 2016.                                                     • Received reports from the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), and assessed
                                                                           the Group’s significant risks and regulatory issues, approved the
Board diversity                                                            Group’s risk appetite, approved the Group risk policies which
In May 2017, the Board adopted a Diversity and Inclusion                   provide the risk framework for managing risk across the Group,
Statement, which supports the Nomination Committee in its                  and received updates on the Group’s capital and liquidity position
approach to succession planning. The statement can be found on
the Company’s website at www.aviva.com/corporate-governance.




                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                      39
                          Strategic report          Governance           IFRS financial statements    Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report    Continued


Corporate governance – 12% of agenda time                                 • Regularly discussed the current Group culture, its alignment with
• Reviewed regular updates from its committees and management               strategy, and how it has been embedded during the year
  on legislation and proposed consultations that may affect the
  Group’s legal and regulatory obligations                                Board appointments
• Received assurance that governance structures remained                  The Board appoints Independent Non-Executive Directors (NEDs)
  appropriate for the businesses and the global markets in which          who can apply their wider business skills, knowledge and
  we operate, while supporting the overall strategy and culture           experience to the oversight of the Group, and provide input and
• Maintained a continued focus on the governance framework for            challenge in the boardroom to assist in the development and
  the Group’s subsidiaries and supported the further embedding of         execution of our strategy. Executive director appointments are
  the Subsidiary Governance Principles                                    made to ensure that the appropriate business focus is represented
                                                                          on the Board to support effective implementation of the Group
Significant transactions and expenditure – 11% of agenda time             strategy. The Board reviews and refreshes the skills of Board
• Approved financial matters in line with the Group Funding Plan,         members, identifying any areas of skills, experience and knowledge
  including a capital return to shareholders via a share buyback          that we can further strengthen. Director appointments are made by
  programme, which was completed on 20 September 2017, and                the Board and are subject to a formal, rigorous, and transparent
  the redemption of debt                                                  process and the appropriate regulatory approvals. The Nomination
• Approved external and inter-group financing                             Committee report sets out the steps taken to identify and appoint
• Reviewed M&A transactions, including the acquisition of Friends         new NEDs, which includes consideration of diversity criteria.
  First in Ireland                                                        Executive director appointments follow the executive succession
                                                                          planning process that ensures there is a pipeline of executive talent
Financial reporting and controls, capital structure and dividend          available. All Board appointments are also subject to continued
policy – 15% of agenda time
                                                                          satisfactory performance following the Board’s annual effectiveness
• Reviewed the Group’s financial performance, financial results, and
                                                                          review, and the Company’s articles of association, which prescribe
  approved dividend payments
                                                                          that all serving directors will retire and stand for election or re-
• Assessed the Group capital and liquidity requirements, arising
                                                                          election at each AGM. The NEDs assist management in the
  from the Group’s strategy and Group Plan
                                                                          development of the Group’s strategy, which is set by the Board, so it
• Reviewed reports provided by its committees on key matters of
                                                                          is important that they have experience of strategy formulation,
  financial reporting, providing the opportunity for the Board to
                                                                          business planning and transformation. To be effective, it is the
  input and challenge where necessary
                                                                          Board’s view that the majority of our NEDs should also have a
People, culture, succession planning and Board effectiveness – 15%        sound understanding of the financial services industry to effectively
of agenda time                                                            evaluate the information they receive and for them to provide
• Reviewed the succession plan for the Board                              appropriate challenge. The diversity charts in the Chairman’s
• Undertook an external evaluation of the Board’s effectiveness, the      Governance Letter show the financial experience of the Board
  effectiveness of each committee and individual directors                members.
• Reviewed the results of the 2017 Voice of Aviva survey, and
  discussed the organisational results in respect of culture

Board and Committee structure

                                                                Aviva plc Board
  Collectively responsible for promoting the long-term sustainable success of the Company, generating value for shareholders and
  contributing to wider society. The Board sets the Group’s purpose, strategy and values, and satisfies itself that these are aligned with
  the overall culture of the Group. The Board sets the Group’s risk appetite and satisfies itself that financial controls and risk
  management systems are robust, while ensuring the Group is adequately resourced. It also ensures there is appropriate dialogue with
  shareholders on strategy and remuneration. Details of the responsibilities of each of the Board’s committees are set out in this report
  and the directors’ remuneration report.




 ■ = Board committee




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       40
                          Strategic report           Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report     Continued


                                                                           for the Chairman and the Group Chief Executive Officer (Group CEO)
Board independence                                                         which set out the duties of each role. The Chairman’s priority is to
The Nomination Committee, having considered the matter                     lead the Board, monitor the Group’s culture and ensure its
carefully, is of the opinion that the current NEDs remain                  effectiveness and the Group CEO’s priority is the management of
independent, in line with the definition set out in the Code, and are      the Group. The Board has delegated the day-to-day running of the
free from any relationship or circumstances that could affect, or          Group to the Group CEO within certain limits, above which matters
appear to affect, their independent judgement. Over half of the            must be escalated to the Board for determination.
Board members, excluding the Chairman, are independent NEDs.
    Mike Hawker has served since his appointment in January 2010.          Senior independent director (SID)
Accordingly, in early 2017 his performance, including his                  The SID’s role is to act as a sounding board for the Chairman, to
independence, was the subject of a particularly rigorous review            serve as an intermediary for the other directors where necessary
pursuant to the recommendations of the Code, having been on the            and to be available to shareholders should they have concerns they
Board for longer than six years. The Board remains satisfied that          have been unable to resolve through normal channels, or when
Mike Hawker is independent and will continue to make a valuable            such channels would be inappropriate. Sir Malcolm Williamson and
contribution. Due to his tenure, Glyn Barker will be subject to a          Glyn Barker met each NED from time to time, providing a forum in
similar review in 2018. The review of the directors’ other interests       which they could raise matters. Role profiles for the Chairman, SID,
included the ‘cross directorships’ of Patricia Cross and Mike Hawker       Group CEO and NEDs are on the Company’s website at
who are both directors at Macquarie Group, Glyn Barker’s former            www.aviva.com/roles
position as partner of the Group’s current auditors and Bob Stein’s
Non-Executive Directorship at Resolution Life Holdings Inc. The            Induction, training and development
Nomination Committee was satisfied this did not affect the                 The Board believes strongly in the development of the directors and
judgement or independence of Patricia Cross, Mike Hawker, Glyn             the Group’s employees. It is a Company requirement that each
Barker or Bob Stein. Claudia Arney’s Non-Executive Directorship at         director commits to continuing their professional development.
Halfords Group plc provided an example of the Board’s conflicts of         During the year, the directors attended a number of internal training
interest procedure in practice during the year, as Halfords moved          sessions on topics including Solvency II (SII) benchmarking and
their group insurances to Aviva and this potential conflict of interest    unconscious bias. An independent IT adviser to the Board was
was notified to the Board.                                                 retained for a short period to provide additional bespoke support
                                                                           and a holistic view on technological developments and the cyber
Time commitment                                                            security environment in the context of the Company’s strategic
Each NED must be able to devote sufficient time to the role in order       objectives. The Board will keep its IT expertise under review as the
to discharge his or her responsibilities effectively. The Chairman         Company’s IT strategy develops. Training sessions have been built
assesses the time commitment of the NEDs as part of the annual             into the Board and committees’ plans for 2018 and is scheduled to
review of their effectiveness, and the SID reviews the time                include directors’ duties. The Chairman ensures all new directors
commitment of the Chairman. This assessment takes into account             receive a comprehensive induction programme over a number of
the number of external commitments each director has and that              months, tailored to their particular needs. All new directors receive
each director has demonstrated they have sufficient time to devote         induction materials, which include: the current strategic and
to their present role within Aviva including under potential periods       operational plan; recent Board and committee minutes and
of corporate stress. Under the Board’s policy on this matter,              meeting packs; organisation structure charts; role profiles; a history
executive directors may hold one external directorship and must            of the Group; and relevant policies, procedures and governance
obtain the prior consent of the Board before accepting a non-              material. Any knowledge or skill enhancements identified during
executive directorship in any other company. Executive Directors           the director’s regulatory application process are also addressed
may retain the fees from any external directorship. Maurice Tulloch        through their induction programme. Maurice Tulloch completed his
is a director of Pool Reinsurance Company Ltd and the fees he              induction programme following his appointment during the year.
receives from this role are disclosed in the Directors’ Remuneration
report. No other Executive Director holds an external directorship.        Board calendar
                                                                           During 2017, ten Board meetings were held, of which eight were
Independent advice                                                         scheduled meetings and two were additional meetings called at
All directors have access to the advice and services of the Group          short notice. In addition, the Board delegated responsibility for
Company Secretary and directors wishing to do so may take                  certain items to specially created Board committees, which met
independent professional advice at the Company’s expense. No               seven times.
such requests were made during 2017. The Company arranges                      The Board visits different markets whenever it can and, during
appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal actions against its        2017, two Board meetings were held at Aviva offices in France and
directors. The Company has also entered into indemnities with its          Bristol. This gave the Board the opportunity to meet the senior
directors as described in Other Statutory Information.                     management teams and to gain a deeper understanding of the
                                                                           operations and performance of each market. The Board also held a
The Chairman and Group Chief Executive Officer                             strategy meeting offsite in the UK to set and monitor progress
Consistent with the Board Terms of Reference, and separately the           against the Group’s strategy. During 2018, it is planned that the
Senior Insurance Managers Regime (SIMR), role profiles are in place        Board will continue this pattern and visit Italy in September.




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        41
                                           Strategic report                               Governance                         IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report                                     Continued


Board and Committee meetings attendance during 2017
                                                                                                                                                          Audit          Governance           Nomination         Remuneration                 Risk
                                                                                                                                      Board1          Committee          Committee            Committee            Committee             Committee
Number of meetings held                                                                                                                  10                   7                   6                    4                    8                    6

Chairman
Sir Adrian Montague                                                                                                                 10/10                     —                    —                  4/4                   —                      —
Executive Directors
Mark Wilson                                                                                                                         10/10                     —                    —                    —                   —                      —
Tom Stoddard                                                                                                                        10/10                     —                    —                    —                   —                      —
Andy Briggs                                                                                                                         10/10                     —                    —                    —                   —                      —
Maurice Tulloch                                                                                                                        5/5                    —                    —                    —                   —                      —
Non-Executive Directors
Glyn Barker2,6                                                                                                                        9/10                  7/7                  3/3                  4/4                 5/5                     6/6
Patricia Cross2                                                                                                                       9/10                  7/7                    —                  4/4                 8/8                      —
Belén Romana García                                                                                                                 10/10                     —                  6/6                  4/4                   —                     6/6
Michael Hawker2                                                                                                                       9/10                  7/7                    —                  4/4                   —                     6/6
Michael Mire2                                                                                                                         9/10                    —                  6/6                  4/4                 8/8                     6/6
Bob Stein2, 4, 5                                                                                                                       2/4                  2/3                    —                  1/2                 2/3                     2/3
Sir Malcolm Williamson2,4                                                                                                              3/4                  3/3                  3/3                  2/2                 3/3                      —
Claudia Arney                                                                                                                       10/10                     —                  6/6                  4/4                 8/8                     6/6
Keith Williams                                                                                                                      10/10                   7/7                  6/6                  4/4                   —                     3/3
1   During the year there were 10 Board meetings, of which eight were scheduled meetings and two were called at short notice.
2   The Board meeting on 26 January 2017 was called at short notice. Due to this Glyn Barker, Mike Hawker, Bob Stein, Michael Mire, Patricia Cross and Sir Malcolm Williamson were unable to attend due to other prior commitments. Papers were
    circulated to all directors before the meeting and those unable to attend could raise issues and give comments to the Chairman in advance of the meeting.
3   Maurice Tulloch was appointed as an Executive Director on 20 June 2017.
4   Bob Stein and Sir Malcolm Williamson retired at the AGM on 10 May 2017.
5   Bob Stein missed the Board, Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee, Audit Committee and Risk Committee meetings on 8 May 2017 and 9 May 2017 respectively, as they fell immediately prior to his retirement date.
6   Glyn Barker was appointed as a member of the Governance Committee on 10 May 2017.




Conflicts of interest                                                                                                             During 2018, the Board’s agenda will focus on refining our
In accordance with the Companies Act 2006, the Company’s Articles                                                            strategic propositions, pursuing growth in our traditional and newer
of Association allow the Board to authorise potential conflicts of                                                           markets and accelerating the rollout of new products and the Aviva
interest that may arise and to impose such limits or conditions as it                                                        Signature processes. Digital First will remain, and we will continue
thinks fit. The decision to authorise a conflict of interest can only be                                                     to monitor our controls around IT and Cyber Security, to protect us
made by non-conflicted directors (those who have no interest in the                                                          against new threats that emerge. Our customer agenda will evolve,
matter being considered) and in making such a decision the                                                                   and the Board will continue to drive progress with a view to
directors must act in a way they consider, in good faith, will be most                                                       achieving consistently excellent customer service with a product
likely to promote the Company’s success for the benefit of its                                                               offering that continues to meet customer needs. Offsite strategy
shareholders as a whole. The Board’s procedure is to review and                                                              days are used to set, and reflect on progress with the Company’s
approve actual and potential conflicts of interest as they arise. This                                                       strategy. In these sessions the Board discuss the strategic priorities
procedure operated effectively during the year.                                                                              for the year ahead and set the three year strategic plan and these
                                                                                                                             will continue to occur in 2018.
Board priorities for 2018                                                                                                         The Audit, Governance and Risk Committees will continue to
The Board has made considerable progress during 2017 on the                                                                  consider the opportunities and risks associated with each market
objectives set at the beginning of the year. This included exiting                                                           and the Remuneration Committee will assess any consequential
from Taiwan and Spain, demonstrating that we are delivering on                                                               impact on reward decisions. As the culture programme progresses,
our strategy of Not Everywhere by focusing our resources in markets                                                          the Board will remain close to the annual all-employee survey
where we believe we have a clear competitive advantage, and                                                                  results, ‘Voice of Aviva’. Succession planning and the continued
further increasing value for our shareholders by increasing our                                                              development of the talent pipeline will continue to be a focus for
growth and cash flow.                                                                                                        the Board and Nomination Committee.
    We continued to make considerable progress on our Digital First
ambition to disrupt the insurance industry, and during the year                                                              Board evaluation
developed market leading digital propositions, while continuing to                                                           The effectiveness of the Board is vital to the success of the Group. The
embed our approach to digital throughout the Group. We have                                                                  Board has undertaken a rigorous evaluation process each year to
made continued progress on our targets for earnings, growth, cash                                                            assess how it, its committees and individual directors are performing.
and dividends, with our capital surplus having tripled over the last                                                         The normal process is for an evaluation to be undertaken by way of
four years. We have also focussed on strengthening our                                                                       an internal questionnaire, supported by discussions with the
relationships with our customers; the Board continuously monitors                                                            Chairman, with an external evaluation conducted every third year.
customer metrics to ensure that we deliver on our purpose to Defy                                                            The Board decided to conduct an external evaluation a year earlier
Uncertainty through our product offering, and customer service.                                                              than required by the Code in 2017, following changes to the Board
These areas of focus were in addition to the Board’s routine                                                                 during the course of the year. The external evaluation was facilitated
standing agenda which included financial reporting and strategic                                                             by Independent Board Evaluation (IBE). IBE is an external Board
planning.                                                                                                                    evaluation facilitator which has no other connection with Aviva.



                                                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                            42
                          Strategic report            Governance           IFRS financial statements    Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report      Continued


    Interviews were conducted during the year with every Board              which are outlined in the table below. This will be reviewed during
member, according to a set agenda tailored for the Board, which             2018.
had been agreed with the Chairman and the Group Company                         In addition, during the year the NEDs, led by the Chairman, met
Secretary. In addition, interviews were held with senior managers           to discuss the executives’ performance. The NEDs, led by Sir
and advisers together with former Board members. Following the              Malcolm Williamson, and subsequently Glyn Barker, also met
final report, recommendations were considered by the Board and              without the Chairman present to consider the Chairman’s
each committee, and an action plan for areas of focus was agreed,           performance.


Outcomes and steps taken in 2017
Focus area               Theme                    Feedback/actions
Shareholders             Investors views on       Investors’ views are regularly sought and incorporated into the Board’s planning. During the
                         the impact of            year the Board undertook an independent investor survey in order to gain further insight
                         strategic decisions      into shareholder expectations, which will feed into the Board’s strategy going forward. The
                                                  Chair of the Remuneration Committee met with institutional shareholders and advisory
                                                  groups in respect of the new Remuneration Policy to be put to shareholders for approval at
                                                  the 2018 AGM.
Succession planning      Board and executive      This remains a continued focus as evidenced, at Board level, by the appointment of Maurice
                         level succession         Tulloch in 2017. Maurice brings expertise and focus to the Board of the Group’s International
                         planning                 businesses, with the UK already being represented at Board level through Andy Briggs.
Governance               Developing the           To enhance the relationship between Aviva plc and subsidiary boards, the Chairman’s
                         relationship between     conference was again held in November 2017 allowing the Board to engage with various
                         Aviva plc and            subsidiary company board members. The ‘INED Portal’ was launched in 2017 in order to
                         subsidiary boards        strengthen communication lines between the Aviva plc Board and the Independent Non-
                                                  Executive Director community and further align the strategy across the Group. We have also
                                                  appointed Non-Executives from the plc Board to material subsidiaries to continue to
                                                  strengthen the communications and strategic linkage.
Board Schedule           Time commitment          The Board’s delegations of authority have been refreshed and the Group Company
                         for the Board            Secretary and Chairman continue to seek opportunities to simplify reporting lines.
                                                  Board and committee schedules have been reviewed to ensure the number and timing of
                                                  meetings are appropriate throughout the year.
Strategy                 Customer agenda          Given the importance of this area, the strategic direction of the customer experience has
                                                  become a matter for the Board as a whole. As such, ‘customer’ is a standing agenda item on
                                                  the Board and Governance Committee agendas. In addition, the customer dashboard is
                                                  reviewed at each Board meeting.
Diversity                Diversity and            The Board is committed to having a diverse and inclusive leadership team and, as such, in
                         Inclusion Statement      2017 the Aviva plc Board Diversity and Inclusion Statement was adopted. The statement is in
                                                  line with the Group’s overall values and also supports the Nomination Committee in its
                                                  approach to succession planning.

Committee effectiveness                                                     associated with the Group’s operations is delegated to the Risk,
As part of the Board effectiveness review process, each committee           Governance and Audit Committees which report regularly to the
undertakes a rigorous review of its effectiveness annually. In 2017         Board. However, the Board retains ultimate responsibility for the
the committee reviews were conducted alongside the evaluation of            Group’s systems of internal control and risk management and has
the Board and also facilitated by IBE. The committees will each             reviewed their effectiveness for the year. The frameworks are
consider the feedback from the evaluation and responses as                  designed to identify and manage, rather than eliminate, the risk of
appropriate.                                                                the Group failing to achieve its business objectives. These
                                                                            frameworks were in place for the financial year under review and up
Frameworks for risk management and internal control                         to the date of this report, and they help to ensure the Group
The Board is responsible for promoting the long-term success of the         complies with the Financial Reporting Council’s (FRC) guidance on
Company for the benefit of shareholders, as well as taking account          Risk Management, Internal Controls and Related Financial and
of other stakeholders including employees and customers. This               Business Reporting.
includes ensuring that an appropriate system of risk governance is              A robust assessment was conducted by the Board of the
in place throughout the Group. To discharge this responsibility, the        principal risks facing the Company, including those that would
Board has established frameworks for risk management and                    threaten its business model, future performance, solvency and
internal control using a ‘three lines of defence’ model and reserves        liquidity. During 2017 these included geopolitical risks (including
for itself the setting of the Group’s risk appetite. Further details are    Brexit), the elevated prices of assets, the emerging strategic risks
contained on the following pages.                                           posed by technology and market changes, risks posed by climate
     In-depth monitoring of the establishment and operation of              change, the heightened risk of cyber threats and data security,
prudent and effective controls in order to assess and manage risks


                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         43
                          Strategic report              Governance          IFRS financial statements        Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report        Continued


ongoing regulatory change and other emerging risks and market                First line – management monitoring
uncertainty. Further information is contained in the Risk Committee          The Group Executive members and each market chief executive
report.                                                                      officer are responsible for the application of RMF, for implementing
                                                                             and monitoring the operation of the system of internal control and
Risk management framework                                                    for providing assurance to the Audit, Governance and Risk
The Risk Management Framework (RMF) is designed to identify,                 Committees and the Board.
measure, manage, monitor and report the principal risks to the
Group of achieving its business objectives and is embedded                   Second line – risk management, compliance and actuarial functions
throughout the Group. It is codified through risk policies and               The Risk Management function is accountable for the quantitative
business standards which set out the risk strategy, appetite,                and qualitative oversight and challenge of the identification,
framework and minimum requirements for the Group’s worldwide                 measurement, monitoring and reporting of principal risks and for
operations. Further detail is set out in note 56.                            developing the RMF.
                                                                                 The Actuarial function is accountable for the Group-wide
Internal controls                                                            actuarial methodology, reporting to the relevant governing body on
Internal controls facilitate effective and efficient operations, the         the adequacy of reserves and capital requirements, as well as
development of robust and reliable internal reporting and                    underwriting and reinsurance arrangements. The Compliance
compliance with laws and regulations.                                        function supports and advises the business on the identification,
    Group reporting manuals in relation to IFRS and Solvency II              measurement and management of its regulatory, financial crime
reporting requirements and a Financial Reporting Control                     and conduct risks. It is accountable for maintaining the compliance
Framework (FRCF) are in place across the Group. FRCF relates to the          standards and framework within which the Group operates, and
preparation of reliable financial reporting, covering both IFRS and          monitoring and reporting on its compliance risk profile.
Solvency II reporting activity. The FRCF process follows a risk-based
approach, with management identification, assessment                         Third line – internal audit
(documentation and testing), remediation (as required), reporting            The third line of defence is Internal Audit. This function provides
and certification over key financial reporting related controls.             independent and objective assessment on the robustness of the
Management regularly undertakes quality assurance procedures                 RMF and the appropriateness and effectiveness of internal control
over the application of the FRCF process and controls.                       to the Audit, Governance and Risk Committees, market audit
    A Major Control Improvement Topic programme is also in place,            committees and the Board. Further information can be found in the
designed to focus attention on enhancing our control environment             Audit Committee report.
around six areas identified by management. Of these, four have
been closed during 2017. The areas that have been closed include
Outsourcing, Compliance Effectiveness, Fraud Management and
Data Governance. Disaster Recovery and Cyber Security are the two
remaining areas. Further information can be found in the Audit and
Risk Committee reports.



 The principal committees that oversee risk management are as follows
 The Risk Committee                                 The Governance Committee                            The Audit Committee
 Assists the Board in its oversight of risk and     Works closely with the Risk Committee and           Works closely with the Risk Committee and
 risk management across the Group and               is responsible for assisting the Board in its       is responsible for assisting the Board in
 makes recommendations on risk appetite             oversight of operational risk across the            discharging its responsibilities for the
 to the Board. Reviews the effectiveness of         Group, particularly in respect of the risk of       integrity of the Company’s financial
 the Risk Management Framework, and the             not delivering good customer outcomes.              statements, the effectiveness of the system
 methodology in determining the Group’s                                                                 of internal controls and for monitoring the
 capital and liquidity requirements.                                                                    effectiveness, performance and objectivity
      Ensures that risk management is                                                                   of the internal and external auditors.
 properly considered in setting
 remuneration policy.




                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          44
                          Strategic report          Governance           IFRS financial statements    Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report    Continued


Board oversight                                                           Communication with shareholders
The Board’s delegated responsibilities regarding oversight of risk        The Company places considerable importance on communication
management and the approach to internal controls are set out on           with shareholders. The Executive Directors have an ongoing
the previous pages. There is a good working practice between each         dialogue and a programme of meetings with institutional investors,
committee and they provide regular reports to the Board on their          fund managers and analysts which are managed by the Company’s
activities and escalate significant matters where appropriate. The        Investor Relations function. The Chairman met a number of the
responsibilities and activities of each Board committee are set out       Company’s major shareholders during 2017. At these meetings a
in the committee reports.                                                 range of issues are discussed including strategy, financial
                                                                          performance, management, remuneration and governance, within
Assessment of effectiveness of risk management                            the constraints of information already made public, to understand
The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Risk Officer of each market is      any issues of concern. In November 2017, we held a Capital Markets
required to make a declaration that the Group’s governance,               Day in Warsaw to update investors and analysts on our financial
internal control and risk management requirements are effective           objectives. Shareholders’ views are regularly shared with the Board
and fit for purpose across the business and that they are kept under      through the Group CEO’s and CFO’s reports and periodic briefings
review through the year.                                                  from the corporate brokers and other specialist advisors, especially
     Any material risks not previously identified, control weaknesses     around report publications and policy formations. Further details of
or non-compliance with the Group’s risk policies or local                 shareholder engagement regarding our new Remuneration Policy
delegations of authority must be highlighted as part of this process.     can be found in the Directors’ remuneration report. The SID was
This is supplemented by investigations carried out at Group level         available to meet with major investors to discuss any concerns that
and a Group CEO and CRO certification for Aviva plc.                      could not be resolved through normal channels.
     The effectiveness assessment also draws on the regular cycle of
assurance activity carried out during the year, as well as the results    2018 AGM
of the certification process. During 2017, this has been enhanced by      The 2018 AGM will be held on Thursday 10 May 2018 and the Notice
the application of the Group’s improved Operational Risk & Control        of AGM and related papers will, unless otherwise noted, be sent to
Management (ORCM) framework. Through ORCM the Group has                   shareholders at least 20 working days before the meeting. The AGM
defined a common system and methodology for the management                provides a valuable opportunity for the Board to communicate with
of operational risks and controls to be deployed throughout the           private shareholders. All directors normally attend the Company’s
Group. This framework includes tools, processes and standardised          AGM, however, Bob Stein did not attend the 2017 AGM due to his
reporting necessary to identify, measure, manage, monitor and             retirement. All serving directors plan to attend the 2018 AGM.
report on the operational risks to which the Group is, or could be,            We have an email address, aviva.shareholders@aviva.com, for
exposed and the controls in place to mitigate those risks within          shareholders to ask questions on the business of the AGM.
centrally set tolerances. The details of key failings or weaknesses            A presentation on the Group’s performance will be given at the
are reported to the Audit Committee and the Board on a regular            AGM and made available on the Company’s website after the
basis and are summarised annually to enable them to carry out an          meeting at www.aviva.com/agm.
effectiveness assessment.                                                      Shareholders are invited to ask questions related to the
     The Audit Committee, working closely with the Risk Committee         business of the meeting at the AGM and have an opportunity to
on behalf of the Board, last carried out a full review of the             meet with the directors following the conclusion of the meeting.
effectiveness of the systems of internal control and risk                 Further details on the AGM are provided in the Shareholder Services
management in March 2018 covering all material controls, including        section.
financial, operational and compliance controls and the RMF.
Through regular reporting and the annual review, a number of areas
of improvement have been identified and the required actions have
been or are being taken. The committee reports refer to a number
of areas where significant control improvement is needed and in
progress such as cyber security and disaster recovery, as well as
financial crime prevention, data management and preparedness for
the EU General Data Protection Regulation. We are investing in
improvements in these areas and will continue to monitor them.
     The risk management framework of a small number of our joint
ventures and strategic equity holdings differs from the RMF outlined
in this report. We continue to work with these entities to understand
how their risks are managed and to align them, where possible, with
our framework.




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       45
                                       Strategic report                           Governance               IFRS financial statements    Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report                            Continued



Nomination                                                                                                      A skills matrix for Board members and the Company’s executive
                                                                                                           management has been developed and it supported the
                                                                                                           Committee’s discussions during the Board and committee
Committee report                                                                                           appointment process. The skills matrix sets out the expertise and
                                                                                                           experience of each Board member and the Group Executive and
                                                                                                           assists the Committee in identifying those who possess the desired
                                                                                                           skills and experience to join the Board and its committees, both
                                                                                                           now and in the future.
                                                                                                                In the year, the skills matrix was used to identify our need to
Committee focus for the 2017 year
                                                                                                           give greater focus to the Group’s European and International
I am pleased to present the Nomination Committee’s report for the
                                                                                                           businesses at Board level and, coupled with the Board’s desire to
year ended 31 December 2017.
                                                                                                           appoint an additional Executive Director, it was agreed that Maurice
     During 2017, the Committee supported the appointment of
                                                                                                           Tulloch should join the Board. Maurice’s promotion demonstrates
Maurice Tulloch as an Executive Director of the Board, and the
                                                                                                           how we continue to develop our talent in the Group.
Independent Non Executive Director (NEDs) succession process
                                                                                                                Executive and Board succession planning continues to be a
following the retirement of Bob Stein and Sir Malcolm Williamson at
                                                                                                           priority for the Committee and throughout the year the Committee
the conclusion of the 2017 Annual General Meeting (AGM) on 10 May
                                                                                                           monitored the future leader pipeline and the available pool of
2017.
                                                                                                           talent in the Company.
Committee membership                                                                                            With respect to the wider people agenda, the Board is heavily
The members of the Committee are shown in the table below.                                                 involved in managing and strengthening the talent pipeline across
Details of their experience, qualifications and their attendance at                                        the Group. Members of the Board have been involved in various
Committee meetings during the year are shown within the                                                    initiatives including an ongoing programme of talent breakfasts
Directors’ and corporate governance report.                                                                where high potential employees meet the Board at least four times
                                                                                                           a year. Further information on our people strategy can be found in
                                                                                            Years on the
Name                                                                      Member Since       Committee
                                                                                                           the Strategic report.
Sir Adrian Montague*                                                    06/03/2013                    5
                                                                                                           Diversity
Claudia Arney                                                          08/02/2016                     2
                                                                                                           The Board is committed to having a diverse and inclusive
Glyn Barker                                                             01/07/2012                    5    leadership team which provides a range of perspectives, insights
Patricia Cross                                                         01/12/2013                     4    and the challenge needed to support good decision making.
Belén Romana García                                                     26/06/2015                    2    Diversity at Aviva includes but is not limited to gender; it comprises
Michael Hawker                                                          01/07/2012                    5    an inclusive environment which respects all strands of diversity
Michael Mire                                                            12/09/2013                    4    including skills and experience, geographical expertise, ethnicity,
Bob Stein**                                                             06/03/2013                    5    disability and sexual orientation.
Sir Malcolm Williamson**                                               14/05/2015                     2         In May 2017, the Board adopted a Diversity and Inclusion
Keith Williams                                                          01/08/2016                    1    statement which supports the Committee in its approach to
* Chair
                                                                                                           succession planning. The Board’s Diversity and Inclusion statement,
** Retired from the conclusion of the 2017 Annual General Meeting (10 May 2017)                            which is in line with the overall Group Diversity and Inclusion
                                                                                                           strategy, is available on the Company’s website at
Committee purpose                                                                                          www.aviva.com/corporate-governance
The main purpose of the Committee is to monitor the balance of
                                                                                                                We are supportive of the recommendations set out in the
skills, knowledge, experience and diversity on the Board and the
                                                                                                           Hampton-Alexander Review and are committed to raising the
succession plans for the Executive Directors. Last year the
                                                                                                           representation of women on the Board to 33%. As at the date of this
Committee expanded its responsibility to include the oversight of
                                                                                                           report, 25% of the Board are female, which is an increase from 23%
talent development for the wider Group. This ensures that a holistic
                                                                                                           in 2016. In terms of our senior management, 30% of our Group
approach to talent development and securing a future talent
                                                                                                           Executive members are female.
pipeline is taken throughout the Group.
                                                                                                                We actively support women advancing into senior roles, as
                                                                                                           evidenced by our participation in initiatives such as the Future
Board and executive succession planning
There have been a number of changes to the Board during the year.                                          Boards Scheme. In addition, the Group Chief Executive Officer
In June 2017 it was agreed that Maurice Tulloch, Chief Executive                                           (Group CEO) and I are active members of the 30% Club. The Board
Officer of International Insurance, would join the Board as an                                             will continue to monitor Aviva’s talent management programmes
Executive Director. Maurice brings significant general insurance and                                       and practices with a special regard to those designed for women
international experience to the Board.                                                                     with high potential.
     Glyn Barker, who has been a member of the Board for six years,                                             The Board is also supportive of the recommendations set out in
was appointed as Senior Independent Director (SID) following Sir                                           the Parker Review and we aim to increase the ethnic diversity of the
Malcolm’s retirement and as a consequence stepped down as Chair                                            Board by 2021.
of the Audit Committee. He also became a member of the
                                                                                                           Board effectiveness review
Governance and Remuneration Committees. In line with our
                                                                                                           The Board and its committees conduct an evaluation of their
approach to succession planning, Keith Williams became Chair of
                                                                                                           performance each year and in accordance with the UK Corporate
the Audit Committee and a member of the Risk Committee and in
                                                                                                           Governance Code, we conduct external evaluations at least every
January last year, Claudia Arney was appointed Chair of the
                                                                                                           three years. Our 2017 evaluation was conducted by ‘Independent
Governance Committee and a member of the Risk Committee.


                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     46
                          Strategic report           Governance           IFRS financial statements   Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report     Continued


Board Evaluation’, a firm that has no other connection with the
Company.
    Further information about the 2017 effectiveness review can be
found in the Directors’ and Corporate Governance Report.
    The Committee will review the outcomes of the 2017
effectiveness review, agree any actions and monitor these going
forward.

2018 priorities
In 2018 the Committee will continue to focus on succession
planning at Board and senior management level, developing our
people to ensure we maintain a strong talent pipeline and
supporting the leadership programmes that underpin this.

Sir Adrian Montague
Chair of the Nomination Committee
7 March 2018

Committee activities and agenda time during 2017
Evaluation and annual assessment – 15% of agenda time
• Assessment of non-executive directors independence
• Considered and recommended to the Board the election/re-
  election of each continuing director ahead of their election/re-
  election by shareholders at the Company’s 2017 AGM
• Reviewed and made recommendations to the Board in respect of
  each directors actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interests

Board composition and diversity – 34% of agenda time
• Reviewed the composition of the Board and its committees and in
  particular, whether the Board required additional skills and
  experience which would complement those of the existing
  members and the Company’s risk profile and strategy
• Recommended the appointment of Glyn Barker as Senior
  Independent Director and various committee changes
• Considered specific steps to be taken in relation to diversity in
  Board and executive succession planning

Succession planning – 24% of agenda time
• Continued to focus on succession planning arrangements at both
  Board and executive level, against a specification for the role and
  capabilities required for the position and the composition of the
  Board
• Considered plans for succession for each Group Executive
  member, including talent development below Group Executive
  level
• Identified and endorsed the appointment of Maurice Tulloch to
  the Board in June 2017

Talent pipeline – 27% of agenda time
• Reviewed the career and development plans for the Group
  Executive to ensure that there is an adequate talent pool of
  potential executive directors
• Oversaw talent development throughout the Group and ensured
  there is a sufficient pipeline of talent available to achieve the
  Company’s current and future strategy




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        47
                          Strategic report          Governance           IFRS financial statements                    Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report    Continued



Risk Committee                                                                During the year, Bob Stein retired from the Committee at the
                                                                          conclusion of the 2017 Annual General Meeting on 10 May 2017, and
                                                                          Keith Williams was appointed as a Committee member on 3 August
report                                                                    2017.
                                                                                                                                                                   Years on the
                                                                                                                                                    Member Since    Committee

                                                                          Michael Hawker*                                                         01/01/2010                 8
                                                                          Glyn Barker                                                             02/05/2012                 5
                                                                          Belén Romana García                                                     26/06/2015                 2
Committee focus for the 2017 year
                                                                          Michael Mire                                                            12/09/2013                 4
I am pleased to present the Committee’s report for the year ended
31 December 2017.                                                         Bob Stein**                                                             06/03/2013                 5
     The Company’s approach to risk and risk management together          Claudia Arney                                                          01/01/2017                  1
with the principal risks that face the Group are explained within the     Keith Williams                                                          03/08/2017               <1
Risk and risk management section of this report.                          * Chair
                                                                          ** Retired from the conclusion of the 2017 Annual General Meeting (10 May 2017)
     During the year the Committee’s focus remained on geopolitical
risks (including Brexit), the elevated prices of assets, the emerging     Committee purpose
strategic risks posed by technology and market changes, risks             The main purpose of the Committee is to assist the Board in its
posed by climate change, the heightened risk of cyber threats and         oversight of risk within the Group, with particular focus on the
data security, ongoing regulatory change and other emerging risks         Group’s risk appetite, risk profile in relation to capital, liquidity and
and market uncertainty.                                                   franchise value and the effectiveness of the Group’s Risk
     Much work has gone into understanding the emerging risk              Management Framework. The Committee reviews the methodology
environment, diversifying the Group’s risks and hedging its risk          used in determining the Group’s capital requirements and stress
exposures against extreme stresses to provide a more stable capital       testing and ensures that due diligence appraisals are carried out on
position. The Committee has incorporated emerging risk scenarios          strategic or significant transactions. In addition to the risks inherent
into its scenario planning, enabling it to review the most significant    in the Group’s investment portfolio, the Committee reviews the
risks that would affect the Company’s strategy both now and in the        Group’s operational risks, and the significant ongoing changes to
future. Cyber risk continues to be managed through the Company            the regulatory framework while monitoring the prudential
wide systemic programme, the Major Control Improvement Topics             regulatory requirements across the Group. The Committee also
(MCIT) programme.                                                         works with the Remuneration Committee to ensure that risk
     The Committee continues to analyse the impact of Brexit              management is properly considered in setting the Remuneration
particularly the potential exit scenarios, as well as the emerging        Policy, and is responsible for promoting a risk awareness culture for
regulatory framework for Global Systemically Important Insurers (G-       the Group.
SIIs), which it will continue to do throughout 2018.
     The Committee recognises the ongoing risk of operational             Financial markets and geopolitical uncertainty
failings and in particular the potential for subsequent regulatory        During 2017 financial markets remained relatively buoyant despite
enforcement or fines. The newly implemented Operational Risk &            heightened geopolitical and national political uncertainty following
Control Management (ORCM) framework provides the Committee                the inauguration of the new Trump administration in the US,
with ongoing data to monitor the progress being made to improve           tensions over North Korea and general elections in the UK, Germany
the Group’s operating controls and to upgrade its systems. The            and France. The Committee considered that management actions
Board has undertaken a number of training sessions and deep dives         including hedging activities and the Group’s balance sheet strength
into the risks of the business during the year to support this ongoing    were well positioned against the market volatility experienced
oversight at both Board and Committee level.                              during the year.

Committee membership                                                      Credit risk
The members of the Committee are shown in the table below.                The Committee continuously monitored the credit environment
Details of their experience, qualifications and attendance at             throughout the year and considered the current economic factors,
Committee meetings during the year are shown within the                   in particular the unwinding of quantitative easing and the ongoing
Directors’ and Corporate Governance report.                               tightening of monetary policy in many of the major economies,
                                                                          which may cause counterparty credit risks. It also reviewed the level
                                                                          of hedging and protection in place to mitigate these risks and in
                                                                          particular monitored the Group’s exposure to interest rates and
                                                                          widening credit spreads.

                                                                          Capital and liquidity
                                                                          During the year the Committee reviewed the current and projected
                                                                          capital and liquidity position, risk environment and risk profile,
                                                                          including the estimated impact of the change in Ogden discount
                                                                          rate on the SII capital ratio.
                                                                              While reviewing the risk profile the Committee oversaw the
                                                                          analysis of the Group’s current and projected SII capital and




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       48
                          Strategic report             Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report      Continued


liquidity position, which included reviewing forecasted operating           and disaster recovery capabilities of the Group. The Committee’s
capital generation over the plan period. The Committee challenged           focus will remain on the emerging risks, and the potential benefits
the different levels of risk appetite and capital ranges across the         that could be derived from them, particularly around advances in
Group and reviewed the capital positions in the Group’s                     technology across financial services, automotive and the medical
subsidiaries and Group surplus sensitivities.                               services.
    The Committee monitored the ongoing changes to the
regulatory framework and prudential regulatory requirements                 Michael Hawker
across the Group and will continue to provide an open dialogue              Chair of the Risk Committee
with the regulators, particularly in regards to Brexit planning,            7 March 2018
dividend plans and changes to the internal model.
                                                                            Committee activities and agenda time during 2017
                                                                            Risk appetite, risk management and risk reporting – 21% of agenda
IT Infrastructure and data security
                                                                            time
Given the Group’s digital strategy and the increasing external cyber
                                                                            • Reviewed reports from the Chief Risk Officer (CRO) which included
security threat, focus has remained on the transformation of the
                                                                              updates on significant risks facing the Group, the Group’s capital
Group’s IT estate, its resilience, and its ability to support the Group’s
                                                                              and liquidity position, the control environment, emerging risks
strategy and keep customer data safe. During the year the
                                                                              and risk profile, liquidity risk appetite and operational, regulatory
Committee received regular updates on the cyber security
                                                                              and conduct risk
transformation programme in regards to the outcomes, transition
                                                                            • Reviewed and recommended the Group’s risk policies for Board
plans and timings. A broader assessment of the Company’s IT
                                                                              approval
infrastructure was undertaken during the year, ahead of a plan for
                                                                            • Reviewed reports on the updated audit approach under the
the upgrade of legacy systems. The Committee also received
                                                                              Group’s Operational Risk and Control Methodology
updates throughout the year and regularly reviewed the risk of
                                                                            • Reviewed and recommended for Board approval the Group’s SII
service interruption on the business and will continue to receive
                                                                              Capital and Liquidity risk appetite
status reports on global disaster recovery plans and failover tests
                                                                            • Approved the Group’s foreign exchange risk appetite and SII
throughout 2018.
                                                                              capital risk tolerances by risk type
    The introduction of the EU General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) will significantly increase the requirements on Aviva to             Group capital and liquidity, financial plan and stress testing – 21%
protect customer data and in particular the responsibility of our           of agenda time
outsourced suppliers to meet these standards. The management of             • Approved the 2017 Group Capital and Liquidity Plan and
data protection has been brought together through the Cyber                   subsequent updates
Security and Data Governance MCIT programmes which will                     • Reviewed capital and liquidity projections including the Group’s
support the Group’s readiness.                                                shareholder cover ratio and liquidity cover ratio
    The Group’s ORCM requirements and guidance have provided                • Reviewed updates on credit risk and the Company’s exposure and
greater clarity of accountability, with the risk function having              reviewed mitigating actions
specific responsibility for identifying any missing risks and therefore     • Received updates on the asset portfolio; including global
mitigating the risk of further thematic issues developing.                    economics, assessment of macro economic impacts on the equity
                                                                              release market and investment updates
Public policy risk, including Brexit                                        • Received the scenarios for Group-wide stress testing to support
Although we do not believe that Brexit has a significant operational          the Recovery Plan, and the results
impact on our business, the influence that it will continue to have         • Approved the G-SII Plans, including Recovery Plan and Liquidity
on the UK economy will require careful monitoring. During the year            Risk Management Plan
the Committee reviewed the potential exit scenarios and their               • Reviewed the 2018-2020 Group Plan
impact on the Group, and the Group’s operational planning in
response. It also considered the public policy risks that might arise       Internal model – 8% of agenda time
in 2018 if there was another general election in the UK and a change        • Undertook a review of the internal model components, reviewed
of government, and continues to monitor political and public policy           internal model validation reports and governance updates
risk in Aviva’s other principal markets.
                                                                            External factors – 18% of agenda time
Committee effectiveness review                                              • Reviewed regular updates on the performance of the Group’s
The Committee undertakes a rigorous review of its effectiveness               investment portfolios and on the external economic environment,
annually. More information can be found in the Directors’ and                 and assessed the implications on the Group’s asset portfolio
Corporate Governance report.                                                • Monitored the risk of cyber security, the progress against cyber
                                                                              risks and reviewed the results of simulation security attacks
2018 priorities                                                               against the Group
The Committee will continue to monitor the political environment,           • Monitored the impact of Brexit, in particular the exit scenarios and
the exit of Britain from the European Union, and the current global           regularly reviewed updates regarding the potential impact on
economic cycle, with inflated asset values. It will also focus on             capital and liquidity
managing balance sheet volatility and the operational and                   • Reviewed the most significant emerging risk scenarios affecting
economic impacts, with contingency financing available to manage              the delivery of the Company’s strategy, including EU GDPR
any broad market impact.There will be an ongoing and significant
focus on strengthening the control framework, cyber risk reduction




                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         49
                          Strategic report          Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report   Continued


Regulatory, governance and internal audit – 32% of agenda time
• Received updates from the UK Business Units
• Reviewed the Group Own Risk and Solvency Assessment
  Supervisory Report and approved its submission to the regulator
• Received updates on the disaster recovery, IT security,
  outsourcing and cyber risk MCITs, and monitored and challenged
  progress by management
• Received quarterly reports from the Chief Audit Officer (CAO) on
  internal audit which included progress on improving the control
  environment, progress on MCITs, and the review of the Internal
  Audit function
• Approved the refresh of certain Group Business Standards
• Approved the annual objectives of the CRO
• Reviewed the effectiveness of the systems of internal control and
  risk management
• Recommended the 2018 Risk and Control Goal for approval by the
  Remuneration Committee
• Reviewed the adequacy and quality of the risk management
  function
• Assessed the performance of all Group Business Units against the
  2017 Group Risk and Control Goal




                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                      50
                          Strategic report         Governance          IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report   Continued



Audit Committee                                                         Committee membership
                                                                        The members of the Committee are shown in the table below.
                                                                        Details of their experience, qualifications and attendance at
report                                                                  Committee meetings during the year are shown in the Directors’
                                                                        Biographies and Directors’ and Corporate Governance report.
                                                                            Sir Malcolm Williamson and Bob Stein retired from the
                                                                        Committee after the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting on
                                                                        10 May 2017. Glyn Barker stepped down as Committee Chair and
                                                                        became Senior Independent Director, following the announcement
Committee focus for the 2017 year                                       of the 2017 half year results on 3 August 2017. Glyn remains as a
I am pleased to present the Audit Committee’s report for the year       member of the Committee, and I took over as Committee Chair
ended 31 December 2017.                                                 from that date.
     2017 has been a year of continued political and business
                                                                                                                                                                  Years on the
turbulence. Against this background the Committee has continued                                                                                    Member Since    Committee
to focus on the fundamentals of financial reporting, our system of      Keith Williams*                                                         01/08/2016                  1
internal controls and the performance of the internal and external      Glyn Barker**                                                           08/08/2012                  5
auditors. This has included the potential impact of a number of new     Patricia Cross                                                          01/12/2013                  4
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs), including the
                                                                        Michael Hawker                                                          01/09/2011                  6
new insurance accounting standard issued in 2017, for
                                                                        Bob Stein***                                                            14/05/2015                  2
implementation in 2021, on the Company’s financial operations and
                                                                        Sir Malcolm Williamson***                                               14/05/2015                  2
financial reporting.
                                                                        * Chair from 3 August 2017
     On 27 February 2017, the Lord Chancellor announced a               ** Chair until 3 August 2017
reduction in the discount rate factor used to adjust large personal     *** Retired from the conclusion of the 2017 Annual General Meeting (10 May 2017)

injury damages awards for future loss of earnings (the Ogden rate)
                                                                        Committee member requirements
to -0.75%, the impact of which we reported in the Group’s 2016
                                                                        The Committee annually reviews how its members meet the
financial results. The Committee will continue to monitor
                                                                        expertise criteria set out in the UK Corporate Governance Code 2016
developments in the Ogden rate, further discussion in Parliament
                                                                        and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules (DTRs).
and any proposed rate change in the year ahead.
                                                                        Following the review undertaken for 2017, a recommendation was
     The Committee continued to provide oversight on behalf of the
                                                                        made to the Board that I, as Committee Chair, fulfilled each of the
Board of all the Major Control Improvement Topics (MCITs) on
                                                                        requirements for recent and relevant financial experience and
Cyber Security, Compliance Effectiveness, Data Governance,
                                                                        competence in accounting and auditing, as did Glyn Barker. Patricia
Disaster Recovery, Outsourcing and Fraud Management. The
                                                                        Cross and Mike Hawker confirmed that they meet the Code
Committee has specific accountability for the Fraud Management
                                                                        requirement for recent and relevant financial experience. The
MCIT. Four MCITs were closed during the year and are now
                                                                        Committee as a whole has competence relevant to both the
monitored as part of our business as usual processes. The MCIT
                                                                        insurance and financial services industry.
programme assists management in providing even greater focus on
enhancing our control environment around the six thematic areas         Committee purpose
identified.                                                             The main purpose of the Committee is to assist the Board in
     During the third quarter of 2017, Aviva received a comment         discharging its responsibilities for monitoring the:
letter from the Corporate Reporting Review Team (CRRT) of the           • integrity of the Company’s financial statements;
Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in relation to its regular review     • adequacy and effectiveness of our systems of internal control
and assessment of the quality of corporate reporting in the UK. The       including whistleblowing provisions; and,
comment letter focussed on the disclosures of the Alternative           • monitoring the effectiveness, performance and objectivity of our
Performance Measures (APMs) in our 2016 Annual report and                 internal and external auditors.
accounts. The CRRT raised certain questions regarding the
composition and labelling of the Operating Profit measure. Aviva        The Committee acts independently of management and works
responded to the CRRT’s questions providing clarifying information      closely with the Governance, Remuneration and Risk Committees.
and proposing specific enhancements to its 2017 Annual report and       There is cross-membership between these Committees to ensure a
accounts that would address the questions and comments raised.          good understanding and efficient communication of the work of
These enhancements, including the relabelling of the ‘Operating         each.
Profit’ APM to ‘Group Adjusted Operating Profit’, have been applied
in this annual report. The CRRT subsequently confirmed in writing
that it had closed its enquiries.




                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                     51
                              Strategic report                    Governance           IFRS financial statements      Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report                  Continued


Significant issues
The significant issues that the Committee considered during the year are set out in the table below.
Areas of focus                   Actions taken by the Committee

IFRS and Solvency II (SII)       Challenged estimates and judgements for IFRS and SII reporting bases. IFRS judgements included goodwill and intangible
key issues and judgements        asset impairment reviews, restructuring provisions and reserving for insurance contracts, including provisions for the
                                 continuing impact of the 2016 Brexit vote on property values and rental incomes.
Longer Term Viability            Reviewed and challenged the principles underpinning the Statement for 2017, and concluded that the Company and its
Statement (the Statement)        subsidiaries will be able to continue in operation and meet their liabilities as they become due. The Committee therefore
                                 continues to consider it appropriate that the Statement covers a three year period.
SII disclosures                  Reviewed the SII judgements, development of the Group Solvency and Financial Condition Report and the Regulatory
                                 Supervisory Report, and recommended them to the Board for approval, ahead of filing for the first time on 1 July 2017.
MCITs                            Continued to lead the overall progress of the MCIT programme, receiving regular reports from management, particularly on
                                 the Fraud Management MCIT, of which the Committee has ownership.
                                 Challenged the proposed MCIT closure dates and governance around the closure process for the MCIT programme, as
                                 some of the control topics approach satisfying the closure criteria, upon which they will be managed on a business as usual
                                 basis. The Fraud Management, Outsourcing, Compliance Effectiveness and Data Governance MCITs were all closed during
                                 the 2017 year following satisfaction of these criteria.
IFRS and SII Life technical      Challenged the assumptions used in the calculation of the Best Estimate Liability component of the technical provisions,
provisions and reserves          the reserves required under SII, and the expense impacts on SII reserves. Reviewed and challenged the longevity, expense
                                 and credit default assumptions used for the 2017 half and full year. The challenge around the setting of longevity
                                 assumptions was a particularly significant area for review as those judgements could be expected to have a material
                                 impact on Aviva’s SII and IFRS results. During 2017 a detailed analysis was conducted, and reviewed by the Committee, to
                                 validate changes observed in recent mortality experience and the resulting effect on our existing longevity assumptions. In
                                 particular the Committee reviewed the rate of annuitant mortality improvement reflecting recent experience in the UK
                                 market. The Committee met with the Chair of the UK Life Audit Committee, which had conducted its own ‘deep dive’ on
                                 longevity assumptions, together with the UK Life Chief Financial Officer. This provided an additional opportunity to
                                 examine the assumptions in greater detail. Following assessment of the proposed assumption changes the Committee
                                 considered the associated release of margins and the timing of recognition of changes in longevity experience in the
                                 financial statements.
New IFRSs                        Prepared for the implementation of new IFRSs, including IFRS 17, the new insurance accounting standard, IFRS 15, in
                                 respect of revenue from contracts, IFRS 9 on financial instruments, and IFRS 16 on leases. The Committee assessed the
                                 impact of each on the Group’s financial position, processes, systems and data. While the impact of adopting IFRS 17 has yet
                                 to be fully assessed it is expected that it will have a significant impact on the measurement and disclosure of insurance
                                 contracts. It is not possible to assess the effect of adopting IFRS 9 as the Group has elected to apply the deferral approach
                                 permitted by IFRS 4 (with the result that the Standard will be considered alongside IFRS 17). IFRS 15 and IFRS 16 are not
                                 expected to have a significant impact on the Group (although all aspects of IFRS 16 are yet to be fully assessed).
IFRS and SII GI reserving        Reviewed and challenged the principal assumptions underpinning the GI reserves, in particular the continued
issues and judgements            appropriateness of maintaining the provision for Ogden bodily injury claims, which was made in the 2016 financial
                                 statements.



External auditor                                                                        areas of concern. An annual review of the Auditor was undertaken
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) was appointed as the Group’s                           through completion of a questionnaire by the Committee, senior
External Auditor (Auditor) in 2012 following a formal tender process.                   management, and members of the Group’s finance community.
In line with the Company’s policy for the external audit contract to                    Following review of the questionnaire responses received and
be put out to tender at least every ten years, and in conformance                       consideration of the AQRT report, the Committee concluded that
with European rules on mandatory audit rotation, the Committee                          PwC continued to perform effectively and is recommended to
propose that a competitive tender process will next be completed                        shareholders for reappointment at the 2018 AGM.
no later than for the 2022 year end. While there is no requirement to                        The Company has complied with the Statutory Audit Services
rotate audit firms until the current auditor has served a maximum of                    for Large Companies Market Investigation (Mandatory Uses of
20 years, in determining the timing of a tender process the                             Competitive Tender Process and Audit Committee Responsibilities)
Committee is mindful that it is necessary to allow the selected                         Order 2014 for the year ended 31 December 2017.
auditor appropriate time to become independent should the                                    The Company has an External Auditor Business Standard
Committee propose that an auditor other than PwC be selected to                         (Standard) in place which is aimed at safeguarding and supporting
serve shareholders going forwards. For this reason, it is currently                     the independence and objectivity of the Auditor. The Standard is
proposed that a tender process be completed in the 2020 financial                       compliant with all UK and International Federation of Accountants
year for the 2022 year end. The Committee will continue to monitor                      rules and takes into account the FRC’s Revised Ethical Standard
the effectiveness and independence of PwC, as well as considering                       2016 and the EU Audit Directive that became applicable to Aviva
whether this proposed timing remains appropriate in light of                            from 1 January 2017.
business developments.
     The external audit is led by the PwC audit partner, Marcus Hine                    Non-audit fees
who has held the role for three years. The role of audit partner will                   In 2017 the Group paid PwC £22.3 million (2016: £23.9 million) for
be rotated after the 2018 year-end.                                                     audit and audit-related assurance services, with the overall
     In addition, during the year, the Financial Reporting Council's                    decrease due to Friends Life integration and US SEC delisting
Audit Quality Review Team (AQRT) reviewed PwC's audit of the                            savings. In addition, PwC were paid £3.0 million (2016: £9.4 million)
Group's 2016 financial statements as part of their annual inspection                    for other services, including £2.2 million (2016: £8.1 million) for other
of audit firms. The Committee received and reviewed the final                           assurance services, giving a total fee to PwC of £25.3 million (2016:
report from the FRC which indicated that there were no significant                      £33.3 million).


                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                     52
                          Strategic report            Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report     Continued


     In line with the Standard, our Committee satisfied itself that for    2018 priorities
all non-audit engagements, robust controls were in place through a         In 2018, in addition to carrying out its principal function, the
quarterly review process for audit related and non-audit services          Committee will monitor the implementation of the new IFRSs, with
provided, to ensure that PwC’s objectivity and independence was            particular focus on IFRS 17, regarding the accounting treatment of
safeguarded, and concluded that it was in the interests of the             insurance contracts, ahead of it coming into effect on 1 January
Company to purchase these services from PwC due to their specific          2021. The Committee will also monitor the impact of changes in
expertise. Further details are provided in note 12 of the financial        longevity, and other key assumptions and ensure we are prepared
statements.                                                                for the impact of these changes.

Internal control                                                           Keith Williams
The Committee is responsible for supporting the Board in ensuring          Chair of the Audit Committee
a robust system of internal control and risk management in the             7 March 2018
Group. The Committee receives regular reports on the status of the
control environment, reports on our Group’s MCITs, and updates on          Committee activities and agenda time during 2017
the management of operational risks and controls under the                 Financial statements and accounting policies – 57% of agenda time
Operational Risk and Control Management framework (ORCM).                  • Recommended to the Board for approval the 2017 half and full
More information about our system of internal control and risk               year results
management can be found in the ‘Directors’ and Corporate                   • Approved the IFRS and SII technical provisions with the 2017 half
Governance report’ in this report.                                           and full year results
    The Committee also receives quarterly control reports from the         • Recommended to the Board for approval the SII Solvency and
Internal Audit function and reviews and challenges management on             Financial Condition Report
the actions being taken to improve the quality of the overall control      • Reviewed and challenged the reserve positions relating to our UK
environment and the control culture across the Group.                        Life and GI operations
    The Committee reviews and approves the bi-annual Internal              • Reviewed and challenged the treatment and recoverability of
Audit Plan. It also conducts an annual review of the Internal Audit          goodwill and other intangible assets
Function to assess its effectiveness and to satisfy itself that the        • Monitored and prepared for the reduction in the Ogden rate in
quality, experience and expertise of the Internal Audit function is          February 2017
appropriate for the business. This is carried out by reviewing reports     • Reviewed the Chief Financial Officer’s reports which included: the
issued by Internal Audit and the output of an annual stakeholder             IFRS and SII key issues and judgements; accounting
effectiveness survey. This formal process is supplemented by                 developments with particular regard to the new IFRS’s; and
regular private discussions with both executive management and               overview of internal control over financial reporting.
the External Auditor. During the 2017 year, the Chief Audit Officer        • Reviewed and challenged the going concern assumptions for
(CAO) role was transitioned to Julian Woodford, who previously               2017 and the principles underpinning our Longer Term Viability
held the role of Chief Finance Officer of the UK General Insurance           Statement
business. The Committee concluded that for 2017 the function               • Reviewed the Group Risk Actuary’s report on significant issues
performed well and remained effective.                                       related to the technical provisions of SII and IFRS
    For the financial year under review, the Company met the
                                                                           External audit, auditor engagement and policy – 16% of agenda
relevant provisions of the Code relating to internal controls, and the     time
FRC’s 2014 ‘Guidance on Risk Management, Internal Control and              • Reviewed the effectiveness of the External Auditor and was
Related Financial and Business Reporting’.                                   satisfied that the services it provided remained effective, objective
    The Committee is also supported in its work by the Audit                 and fit for purpose
Committees that operate in the Group’s regulated subsidiary                • Reviewed the External Auditor’s compliance with the
entities. These subsidiary Audit Committees review the operation of          independence criteria set out in the Code
internal controls, and actively challenge judgements made by               • Monitored compliance with our External Auditor Business
management, strengthening the overall governance and control                 Standard on a quarterly basis
framework for the Group.                                                   • Refreshed our External Auditor Business Standard to reflect new
                                                                             regulatory requirements
Whistleblowing
                                                                           • Held private meetings with the External Auditor without
The Committee Chair is the whistleblowers’ champion for the Group
                                                                             management present to provide an appropriate forum for issues
and has responsibility to oversee the integrity, independence and
                                                                             to be raised
effectiveness of the Group’s policies. The Committee as a whole is
                                                                           • Reviewed reports from the External Auditor with regard to: the
responsible for establishing and overseeing the effectiveness of
                                                                             2017 Audit Plan and progress against plan and reports on the
controls put in place in accordance with regulatory requirements in
                                                                             audit of the 2017 half and full year results including key
respect of whistleblowing. The Board annually receive a formal
                                                                             assumptions used and outcomes of the audit
report in respect of whistleblowing activity and compliance in line
with updated regulatory requirements.
                                                                           Internal audit – 17% of agenda time
                                                                           • Reviewed and approved changes to our Internal Audit Charter and
Committee effectiveness review
                                                                             Business Standard
The Committee undertakes a rigorous review of its effectiveness
                                                                           • Reviewed and approved our Internal Audit Plan
annually. More information can be found in the ‘Directors’ and
                                                                           • Assessed the independence of the CAO
Corporate Governance report’ in this report.
                                                                           • Held private meetings with the CAO without management present
                                                                           • Reviewed reports from the CAO



                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        53
                          Strategic report         Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report   Continued


Internal controls, including financial reporting control framework
and financial reporting developments – 10% of agenda time
• Received quarterly updates on the effectiveness of our FRCF
  framework and rectification of controls
• Reviewed management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our
  risk management and control environment
• Oversaw the MCIT programme and monitored and challenged
  progress by management to address the Fraud Management
  MCIT, which was closed in September 2017
• Reviewed the Internal Audit function report to ensure adequacy of
  our systems of internal control and risk management
• Ensured an appropriate whistleblowing framework was in place




                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                     54
                                           Strategic report                             Governance              IFRS financial statements     Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report                                        Continued



Governance                                                                                                         The Committee has also been updated on the culture action
                                                                                                                   programme which aims to drive delivery of our customer first
                                                                                                                   and operational simplicity goals, and the Aviva Signature which
Committee report                                                                                                   are the processes that differentiate us from our competitors.

                                                                                                                   Our customers
                                                                                                                   The Committee has worked with management to enhance how
                                                                                                                   we measure customer and brand metrics and to develop a
                                                                                                                   dashboard to help us better meet the vision of a business that is
Committee focus for the 2017 year                                                                                  simple, effortless and easy for our customers to deal with. In
I am pleased to present the Governance Committee’s report for                                                      addition to these enhancements, the Committee has conducted
the year ended 31 December 2017.                                                                                   ‘deep dives’ into customer complaints when our products and
    During 2017, the Committee considered and monitored a                                                          services have not met customer expectation for any reason, and
range of matters which included our customers, our corporate                                                       the resulting upskilling of our people and technology
responsibility agenda, our reputation, our governance                                                              improvements to support our customer contact colleagues. The
operations, organisational redesign and stakeholder                                                                Committee has also reviewed the vulnerable customer support
engagement.                                                                                                        framework that has been implemented during the year.
Committee membership                                                                                               Data
The members of the Committee are shown in the table below.                                                         The Committee has closely engaged with the governance
Details of their experience, qualifications and attendance at                                                      arrangements for preparations for the General Data Protection
Committee meetings during the year are shown within the                                                            Regulation (GDPR) which represents one of the largest changes
Directors’ and Corporate Governance report.                                                                        in data management and protection for many years and comes
    There were a number of changes to the Committee                                                                into effect on 25 May 2018. Associated with GDPR the Committee
membership during the year. I was appointed as Chair of the                                                        has also reviewed the governance of the broader approach to
Committee in January 2017 and Glyn Barker joined the                                                               data privacy and has proactively tested how Aviva could
Committee in May 2017. Sir Malcolm Williamson retired from the                                                     demonstrate that it uses customer information appropriately.
Board and the Committee after the conclusion of the 2017                                                           The Committee continued to have oversight of the Group’s Data
Annual General Meeting (AGM) on 10 May 2017.                                                                       Governance and Compliance Effectiveness Major Control
                                                                              Member                 Years on      Improvement Topics (MCITs) which were closed during the year.
Name                                                                            Since          the Committee

Claudia Arney*                                                       01/06/2016                            1       Corporate responsibility
Glyn Barker                                                          10/05/2017                          <1        The Committee continued to monitor our approach to corporate
Michael Mire                                                         12/09/2013                            4       responsibility and during the year reviewed Aviva’s reporting on
Belén Romana García                                                  26/06/2015                            2       modern slavery. Our commitment to respect human rights is
Keith Williams                                                       01/08/2016                            1       guided by the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business
                                                                                                                   and Human Rights and other internationally recognised
Sir Malcolm Williamson**                                             14/05/2015                            2
                                                                                                                   frameworks and during the year, the Committee also approved
* Chair
** Retired from the conclusion of the 2017 Annual General Meeting (10 May 2017)                                    updates to our Business Ethics Code to reflect these Principles.
                                                                                                                        This year, the Aviva Community Fund was launched in three
Committee purpose                                                                                                  additional markets, giving hundreds of organisations across 10
The main purpose of the Committee is to assist the Board in                                                        countries the chance to secure the support they need to make a
overseeing compliance with our corporate governance                                                                difference in their local communities.
principles and implementation, shaping the culture and ethical                                                          Aviva is committed to being a responsible corporate citizen
values of the Group through overseeing and advising on                                                             and the Committee sets the guidance, direction and policies for
business and customer conduct obligations, reputation,                                                             the Group’s corporate responsibility agenda. Further
community and societal issues, data governance and financial                                                       information on our integrated responsibility and sustainable
crime matters. In addition, the Committee acts as the conduct                                                      business approach can be found on the Company’s website at
committee for Aviva’s UK Digital (UKD) business.                                                                   www.aviva.com/social-purpose
Governance changes                                                                                                 Conduct agenda
Throughout 2017 the Committee focussed on changes in the                                                           In the past year the Committee has paid particular attention to
internal governance of the Group particularly the changes to the                                                   Aviva’s conduct risk agenda.
governance structure from bringing the UK Insurance (UKI)                                                               The Group’s Business Units (BU) reassessed their conduct
businesses together to focus more closely on customers’ needs.                                                     risk performance and conduct risk framework which the
    The Committee has been designated by the Board as the                                                          Committee reviewed. In the year, the Committee received a
body that provides oversight of governance activities and this                                                     deep dive on the conduct risk in our Italian business from the
work has principally focussed on three areas: changes to the                                                       Chief Executive Officer of Aviva Italy.
Boards of the Group’s regulated entities, the culture action                                                            The Compliance Effectiveness and Data Governance MCITs
programme and the development of our Aviva Signature                                                               closed in July 2017 and the Committee receives regular reports
processes.                                                                                                         from the Compliance function which now provides second line
    The Committee has reviewed and provided input to the                                                           oversight of data governance. The MCITs are also detailed in the
changes to the Board and committee composition of the two                                                          Audit Committee report.
regulated subsidiary companies that represent the UKI business.

                                                                                        Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                           55
                          Strategic report         Governance           IFRS financial statements    Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report   Continued


    The Committee continues to receive updates on the lessons               • Reviewed and where appropriate approved changes to the
learned from the Financial Conduct Authority’s (FCA) Client                   composition of the material subsidiary boards
Assets Sourcebook (CASS) enforcement action in 2016, and                    • Discussed the outcomes of the 2017 effectiveness review and
reviewed the actions taken and the progress in addressing these               agreed actions where necessary
actions. An independent review has been conducted following
the enforcement action, and significant progress had been made              People – 9% of agenda time
to address the issues raised.                                               • Reviewed the results of the Voice of Aviva surveys
                                                                            • Reviewed and considered the talent development
Committee effectiveness review                                                programmes for leadership across the Group
The Committee undertakes a rigorous review of its effectiveness             • Approved the Business Ethics Code
annually. More information can be found in the Directors’ and
Corporate Governance report.                                                Regulatory and financial crime – 23% of agenda time
                                                                            • Regularly reviewed updates from the Group Compliance
2018 priorities                                                               Director
In 2018, the Committee will continue to review the customer                 • Reviewed potential financial crime risks and any actions
agenda concentrating on improving Aviva’s customers’                          required in response
experience, embedding the Aviva Signature processes and                     • Monitored the Data Governance and Compliance Effectiveness
reviewing customer conduct risk issues. We will also continue to              MCITs closure
oversee the GDPR programme in order to ensure delivery                      • Monitored the Group’s relationship and interaction with
through 2018.                                                                 regulatory bodies and actions taken in respect of regulatory
    The Committee will also monitor the wellbeing and                         developments
engagement of our people through responses to the Voice of                  • Reviewed and challenged management’s explanations and
Aviva surveys and the embedding of our culture action                         actions in response to issues/events
programme.
                                                                            UK Digital (UKD) – 11% of agenda time
Claudia Arney                                                               • Acted as the conduct committee for the UKD business
Chair of the Governance Committee                                           • Considered UKD’s customer agenda and brand proposition
7 March 2018                                                                • Received updates on UKD at each Committee meeting and
                                                                              considered the conduct risk framework
                                                                            • Constructively challenged the UKD Board on matters in
Committee activities and agenda time during 2017
Customer, risk and reputation – 22% of agenda time                            relation to conduct, regulatory and financial crime risks and
• Focused on the customer agenda and received regular                         the risk management control framework
  updates and monitored progress on customer metrics relating               • Reviewed the Internal Audit Report on UKD
  to sales, retention, claims experience and complaints
• Regularly reviewed updates from the Chief Audit Officer on any
  significant control issues
• Received and considered reports detailing ongoing and
  possible reputational, brand and franchise risks, including
  media and public policy issues

Corporate responsibility – 7% of agenda time
• Continued to drive the corporate responsibility agenda and
  monitored compliance with the Group’s corporate
  responsibility strategy
• Reviewed the Group’s modern slavery statement, annual
  corporate responsibility reporting and the Group’s Financial
  Crime, Regulatory Business and Corporate Responsibility,
  Environment and Climate Change Business Standards
• Received updates on the Group’s health and safety
  performance
• Reviewed the Group’s first response to the disclosure
  recommendations for organisations published by the
  Financial Stability Board’s (FSB) Taskforce on Climate-related
  Financial Disclosure

Governance – 28% of agenda time
• Considered regular updates from the Group Company
  Secretary on governance matters, legal and litigation risks
  which had the potential to impact the reputation of the Group
• Approved the Group’s Conflicts of Interest Policy
• Monitored the Group’s compliance with the UK Corporate
  Governance Code and other areas of regulation and guidance
• Reviewed and updated the Committee’s Terms of Reference



                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                      56
                          Strategic report           Governance           IFRS financial statements                  Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report    Continued



Other statutory                                                            be the case if the dividend was paid. Details of any dividend waivers
                                                                           are disclosed in note 32.

information                                                                Dividend policy
                                                                           For the full year dividend for 2017 the Company has applied its
                                                                           policy to pay out 50% of operating earnings per share as a dividend
                                                                           to shareholders. In November 2017, the Company announced its
                                                                           intention to increase its pay-out ratio target to 55-60% of operating
                                                                           EPS by 2020.
The directors submit their Annual report and accounts for Aviva plc,            Under UK company law, we may only pay dividends if the
together with the consolidated financial statements of the Aviva           Company has ‘distributable profits’ available. ‘Distributable profits’
group of companies, for the year ended 31 December 2017.                   are accumulated, realised profits/(losses) not previously distributed
    The directors’ report required under the Companies Act 2006            or capitalised, less accumulated, unrealised losses not previously
comprises this directors’ and corporate governance report; the             written off based on IFRS. Even if distributable profits are available,
directors’ remuneration report and the following disclosures in the        we pay dividends only if the amount of our net assets is not less
Strategic report:                                                          than the aggregate of our called-up share capital and
• Environment and climate change for disclosure of our greenhouse          undistributable reserves and the payment of the dividend does not
  gas emissions                                                            reduce the amount of our net assets to less than that aggregate.
• Increasing diversity and inclusion for details of our policy on               As a holding company, the Company is dependent upon
  employment of disabled persons                                           dividends and interest from our subsidiaries to pay cash dividends.
• Engaging with our people for details of employee involvement             Many of the Company’s subsidiaries are subject to insurance
• Likely future developments in the business of the Company                regulations that restrict the amount of dividends that they can pay
• Important events since the financial year end                            to us.
                                                                                Historically, the Company has declared an interim and a final
Details of significant post balance sheet events that have occurred        dividend for each year (with the final dividend being paid in the year
subsequent to 31 December 2017 are disclosed in notes 3 and 62.            following the year to which it relates). Subject to the restrictions set
    The management report required under Disclosure and                    out above, the payment of interim dividends on ordinary shares is
Transparency Rule 4.1.5R comprises the Strategic report (which             made at the discretion of the Board, while payment of any final
includes the principal risks relating to our business) and details of      dividend requires the approval of the Company’s shareholders at a
material acquisitions and disposals made by the Group during the           general meeting. Dividends on preference shares are made at the
year which are included in note 3. This directors’ and corporate           discretion of the Board.
governance report fulfils the requirements of the corporate                     The Company pays cash dividends in pounds sterling and
governance statement under Disclosure Guidance and                         euros, although the articles of association permit payment of
Transparency Rule 7.2.1.                                                   dividends on ordinary shares in any currency and in forms other
                                                                           than cash, such as ordinary shares.
Our policy on hedging                                                           Interim dividends have previously been paid in November of
The hedging policy is disclosed in note 57.
                                                                           each year. Following feedback from shareholders, to bring Aviva’s
                                                                           practice in line with its peers and to reduce the gap between the
Related party transactions
Related party transactions are disclosed in note 59 which is               interim results announcement and dividend payment, from 2018
incorporated into this report by reference.                                interim dividends are expected be paid in September, subject to
                                                                           declaration by the Board. A final dividend is typically proposed by
Dividends                                                                  the Company’s Board after the end of the relevant year and
Dividends for ordinary shareholders of Aviva plc are as follows:           generally paid in May. The following table shows certain
• Paid interim dividend of 8.4 pence per ordinary share (2016: 7.42        information regarding the dividends that we paid on ordinary
  pence)                                                                   shares.
• Proposed final dividend of 19.00 pence per ordinary share (2016:                                          Interim dividend   Interim dividend     Final dividend   Final dividend
                                                                                                                   per share          per share          per share        per share
  15.88 pence)                                                             Year                                      (pence)             (cents)*          (pence)           (cents)*
• Total ordinary dividend of 27.40 pence per ordinary share (2016:         2013                                        5.6                N/A              9.40              N/A
  23.30 pence)                                                             2014                                      5.85                 N/A            12.25               N/A
• Total cost of ordinary dividends paid in 2017 was £983 million
                                                                           2015                                      6.75                 N/A            14.05               N/A
  (2016: £871 million)
                                                                           2016                                      7.42                 N/A            15.88             18.71

Subject to shareholder approval at the 2018 AGM, the final dividend        2017                                      8.40                9.50            19.00                  —
                                                                           * Euro dividend rate per share
for 2017 will become due and payable on 17 May 2018 to all holders
of ordinary shares on the Register of Members at the close of
                                                                           Distributable reserve
business on 6 April 2018 (payment date approximately four business
                                                                           Under UK company law, dividends can only be paid if a company
days later for holders of the Company’s American Depositary Shares
                                                                           has distributable reserves sufficient to cover the dividend. At 31
(ADS)). In compliance with the rules issued by the Prudential
                                                                           December 2017, Aviva plc itself had distributable reserves of greater
Regulation Authority in relation to the implementation of the
                                                                           than £3.5 billion, which would have covered five years of historic
Solvency II regime, the dividend is required to remain cancellable at
                                                                           dividend payments to our ordinary shareholders. In UK Life, our
any point prior to becoming due and payable and to be cancelled if,
                                                                           largest operating subsidiary, distributable reserves, which could be
prior to payment, the Group ceases to hold capital resources equal
                                                                           paid to Aviva plc via its intermediate holding company, are based
to or in excess of its Solvency Capital Requirement, or if that would

                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        57
                          Strategic report          Governance          IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report   Continued


on the updated Companies Act 2006 (Distributions of Insurance            and the Company’s website at www.aviva.com/articles, or by
Companies) Regulations 2016 which uses an adjusted Solvency II           writing to the Group Company Secretary. The powers of the
Own Funds measure in determining profits available for                   Company’s directors are subject to relevant legislation and, in
distribution. While the UK insurance regulatory laws applicable to       certain circumstances (including in relation to the issue or buying
UK Life and our other UK subsidiaries impose no statutory                back by the Company of its shares), are subject to authority being
restrictions on an insurer’s ability to declare a dividend, the rules    given to the directors by shareholders in general meeting. At the
require maintenance of each insurance company’s solvency margin,         2018 AGM, shareholders will be asked to renew the directors’
which might impact their ability to pay dividends to the parent          authority to allot new securities. Details are contained in the Notice
company. Our other life and general insurance, and fund                  of 2018 Annual General Meeting (Notice of AGM).
management subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends and make loans
to the parent company is similarly restricted by local corporate or      Restrictions on transfer of securities
insurance laws and regulations. In all jurisdictions, when paying        With the exception of restrictions under the Company’s employee
dividends, the relevant subsidiary must take into account its capital    share incentive plans, while the shares are subject to the plan rules,
position and must set the level of dividend to maintain sufficient       there are no restrictions on the voting rights attaching to the
capital to meet minimum solvency requirements and any additional         Company’s ordinary shares or the transfer of securities in the
target capital expected by local regulators. These minimum               Company.
solvency requirements, are discussed in ‘Other Information’. We do           Where, under an employee share incentive plan operated by the
not believe that the legal and regulatory restrictions constitute a      Company, participants are the beneficial owners of shares but not
material limitation on the ability of our businesses to meet their       the registered owners, the voting rights are normally exercised at
obligations or to pay dividends to the parent company, Aviva plc.        the discretion of the participants. No person holds securities in the
                                                                         Company carrying special rights with regard to control of the
Acquisition of own shares                                                Company. The Company is not aware of any agreements between
In the Annual report and accounts for the year ending 31 December        holders of securities that may result in restrictions on the transfer of
2016, we indicated that our strong Solvency II ratio provided            securities or voting rights.
capacity to deploy surplus capital. A share re-purchase programme
was one method by which we intended to return capital to                 Significant agreements – change of control
shareholders allowing a reduction in hybrid debt.                        There are a number of agreements that take effect, alter or
     During 2017, the Company re-purchased 57,724,500 ordinary           terminate upon a change of control of the Company following a
shares of 25 pence each for an average of £5.20 per share and an         takeover bid, such as commercial contracts and joint venture
aggregate amount of £300 million. The purchased shares represent         agreements. None are considered to be significant in terms of their
1.19% of called-up share capital as at 31 December 2017. All shares      potential impact on the business of the Group as a whole. All of the
purchased have been cancelled.                                           Company’s employee share incentive plans contain provisions
     Details of shares purchased, held or disposed by employee           relating to a change of control. Outstanding awards and options
share plan trusts on behalf of the Company in 2017 are set out in        would normally vest and become exercisable on a change of
note 32.                                                                 control, subject to the satisfaction of any performance conditions
                                                                         and pro rata reduction as may be applicable under the rules of the
Share class and listing                                                  employee share incentive plans.
All the Company’s shares in issue are fully paid up and the ordinary
and preference shares have a Premium and Standard listing                Authority to purchase own shares
respectively on the London Stock Exchange.                               At the Company’s 2017 AGM, shareholders renewed the Company’s
     Details of the Company’s share capital and shares under option      authorities to make market purchases of up to 406 million ordinary
at 31 December 2017 and shares issued during the year are given in       shares, up to 100 million 8¾% preference shares and up to 100
notes 30 to 33. The calculation of earnings per share and the impact     million 8⅜% preference shares. Details of shares purchased during
of the share buy-back is included in note 14.                            2017 are outlined above. At the 2018 AGM, shareholders will be
                                                                         asked to renew these authorities for another year and the resolution
Share capital                                                            will once again propose a maximum aggregate number of ordinary
During the year, 57,724,500 ordinary shares were cancelled               shares which the Company can purchase of less than 10% of the
following repurchase by the Company as outlined above, and               issued ordinary share capital. Details are contained in the Notice of
8,867,985 ordinary shares were allotted to satisfy amounts under         AGM available at www.aviva.com/agm. The Company held no
the Group’s employee share and incentive plans. At 31 December           treasury shares during the year or up to the date of this report.
2017 the:
• issued ordinary share capital totalled 4,012,682,691 shares of 25      Disclosure guidance and transparency rule 5 – major shareholders
  pence each (83% of total share capital)                                The table below shows the holdings of major shareholders in the
• issued preference share capital totalled 200,000,000 shares of £1      Company’s issued ordinary share capital in accordance with the
  each (17% of total share capital)                                      Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules as at 31 December
                                                                         2017 and 7 March 2018.
Further details on the ordinary share capital of the Company are
shown in note 30.                                                        Shareholding interest
                                                                                                                               At 31 December 2017                        At 7 March 2018
Rights and obligations attaching to the Company’s ordinary shares        Shareholder                            Notified holdings Nature of holding   Notified holdings Nature of holding
and preference shares                                                    BlackRock, Inc1                          Above 5%             Indirect        Above 5%              Indirect
Rights and obligations together with the powers of the Company’s         1   Holding includes holdings of subsidiaries.
directors are set out in the Company’s articles of association (the
Articles), copies of which can be obtained from Companies House

                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                      58
                          Strategic report            Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report     Continued


Directors                                                                   convening the meeting describes the business to be conducted
The directors as at the date of this report, together with their            thereat. Any proxy voting instruction, whether provided online, by
biographical details and details of Board appointments,                     post or via CREST, must be received by our Registrar,
resignations and retirements during the year are shown earlier in           Computershare Investor Services PLC, by no later than 11am on
the report.                                                                 Tuesday, 8 May 2018. Further details can be found in the
     The rules regarding the appointment and removal of directors           shareholder information section of the Notice of AGM.
are contained in the Company’s Articles. Under the Articles, the
Board can appoint additional directors or appoint a director to fill a      Articles of association
casual vacancy. The new director must retire at the first AGM               Unless expressly stated to the contrary in the Articles, the
following their appointment and can only continue as a director if          Company’s Articles may only be amended by special resolution of
they are elected by shareholders at the AGM.                                the shareholders. The Company’s current articles were adopted on
     At no time during the year did any director hold a material            29 April 2015. A special resolution seeking authority to amend the
interest in any contract of significance with the Company or any of         Company’s articles is being put to shareholders at the 2018 AGM.
its subsidiary undertakings other than an indemnity provision
between each director and the Company and employment                        Going concern
contracts between each executive director and a Group company.              The Group’s business activities, together with the factors likely to
The Company has purchased and maintained throughout the year                affect its future development, performance and position are set out
directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in respect of itself, its      in the Strategic report. The performance review includes the Risk
directors and others. The Company has also executed deeds of                and risk management section. In addition, the financial statements
indemnity for the benefit of each director of the Company, and each         sections include notes on the Group’s borrowings (note 49); its
person who was a director of the Company during the year, in                contingent liabilities and other risk factors (note 52); its capital
respect of liabilities that may attach to them in their capacity as         management (note 54); management of its risks including market,
directors of the Company or of associated companies. The Articles           credit and liquidity risk (note 56); and derivative financial
allow such indemnities to be granted. These indemnities were                instruments (note 57).
granted at different times according to the law in place at the time             The Group has considerable financial resources together with a
and where relevant are qualifying third-party indemnity provisions          diversified business model, with a spread of businesses and
as defined by section 234 of the Companies Act 2006. These                  geographical reach. The directors believe the Group is well placed
indemnities were in force throughout the year and are currently in          to manage its business risks successfully.
force. Details of directors’ remuneration, service contracts,                    After making enquiries, the directors have a reasonable
employment contracts and interests in the shares of the Company             expectation that the Company and the Group as a whole have
are set out in the directors’ remuneration report.                          adequate resources to continue in operational existence for a
     The Company has also granted indemnities by way of a deed              period of at least 12 months from the date of approval of the
poll to the directors of the Group’s subsidiary companies, including        financial statements. For this reason, they continue to adopt, and to
former directors who retired during the year and directors                  consider appropriate, the going concern basis in preparing the
appointed during the year, which is a ‘qualifying third party               financial statements.
indemnity’ for the purposes of the applicable sections 309A to 309C
                                                                            Longer-term viability statement
of the Companies Act 1985. The deed poll indemnity was in force
                                                                            It is fundamental to the Group’s longer-term strategy that the
throughout the year and remains in force.
                                                                            directors manage and monitor risk taking into account all key risks
Financial instruments                                                       the Group faces, including longer-term insurance risks, so that it can
Group companies use financial instruments to manage certain                 continue to meet its obligations to policyholders. The Group is also
types of risks, including those relating to credit, foreign currency        subject to extensive regulation and supervision including Solvency II
exchange, cash flow, liquidity, interest rates, and equity and              from 1 January 2016, and as a result of being designated a Global
property prices. Details of the objectives and management of these          Systemically Important Insurer by the Financial Stability Board.
instruments are contained in the risk and capital management                      Against this background, the directors have assessed the
section and in note 56 on risk management.                                  prospects of the Group in accordance with provision C.2.2 of the
                                                                            2016 UK Corporate Governance Code, with reference to the Group’s
Political donations                                                         current position and prospects, its strategy, risk appetite, and the
Aviva did not make any political donations during 2017.                     potential impact of the principal risks and how these are managed
                                                                            (as detailed in the ‘Risk and risk management’ section of the
Disclosure of information to the auditor                                    Strategic report as well as note 56 of the IFRS financial statements).
In accordance with section 418 of the Companies Act 2006, the                     The assessment of the Group’s prospects by the directors
directors in office at the date of approval of this report confirm that,    covers the three years to 2020 and is underpinned by
so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit information       management’s 2018-2020 business plan which includes projections
of which the Company’s External Auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers             of the Group’s capital, liquidity and solvency.
(PwC), is unaware and each director has taken all steps that ought                The Group’s stress and scenario testing considers the Group’s
to have been taken as a director in order to make themselves aware          capacity to respond to a series of relevant financial, insurance (e.g.,
of any relevant audit information and to establish that PwC is aware        catastrophe) or operational shocks should future circumstances or
of that information.                                                        events differ from these current assumptions. The Group addresses
                                                                            the impacts of contingent management actions designed to
Annual general meeting                                                      maintain or restore key capital, liquidity and solvency metrics to
The 2018 AGM of the Company will be held on Thursday, 10 May                within the Group’s approved risk appetites over the planning
2018 at the Queen Elizabeth II Centre, Broad Sanctuary,                     period.
Westminster, London SW1P 3EE at 11am. The Notice of AGM

                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         59
                          Strategic report          Governance           IFRS financial statements           Other information


Directors’ and Corporate Governance report    Continued


    Based on this assessment, the directors have a reasonable             remuneration report comply with the Companies Act 2006 and, as
expectation that the Group will be able to continue in operation and      regards the Group financial statements, Article 4 of the IAS
meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three year assessment      Regulation. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of
period.                                                                   the Company and Group and hence for taking reasonable steps for
                                                                          the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.
Fair, balanced and understandable                                              The directors are responsible for making, and continuing to
To support the directors’ statement below that the Annual report          make, the Company’s Annual report and accounts available on the
and accounts, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and                     Company’s website. Legislation in the United Kingdom governing
understandable, the Board considered the process followed to draft        the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may
the Annual report and accounts:                                           differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
• Each section of the Annual report and accounts is prepared by a              The directors consider that the Annual report and accounts,
  member of management with appropriate knowledge, seniority              taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides
  and experience. Each preparer receives guidance on the                  the information necessary for shareholders to assess the Group’s
  requirement for content included in the Annual report and               and the Company’s position and performance, business model and
  accounts to be fair, balanced and understandable                        strategy.
• The overall co-ordination of the production of the Annual report             Each of the current directors, whose names and functions are
  and accounts is overseen by the Chief Accounting Officer to             detailed in the ‘Our Board of Directors’ section in the directors’ and
  ensure consistency across the document                                  corporate governance report confirm that, to the best of their
• An extensive verification process is undertaken to ensure factual       knowledge: the Group financial statements, which have been
  accuracy                                                                prepared in accordance with IFRSs as adopted by the EU, give a true
• Comprehensive reviews of drafts of the Annual report and                and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit of
  accounts are undertaken by members of the Group Executive and           the Group; and the Strategic report and the directors’ and corporate
  other members of senior management and, in relation to certain          governance report in this annual report include a fair review of the
  parts of the report external legal advisers and the External Auditor    development and performance of the business and the position of
• An advanced draft is considered and reviewed by the Disclosure          the Group, together with a description of the principal risks and
  Committee                                                               uncertainties that it faces.
• The final draft is reviewed by the Audit Committee prior to
  consideration by the Board                                              Listing requirements
• Board members receive drafts of the Annual report and accounts          For the purposes of Listing Rule (LR) 9.8.4C R, the information
  for their review and input. This includes the opportunity to discuss    required to be disclosed by LR 9.8.4 R can be found in the following
  the drafts with both management and the External Auditor,               locations:
  challenging the disclosures where appropriate.                          Section in                                              Location in the Annual report
                                                                          LR 9.8.4C R   Topic                                     and accounts
Directors’ responsibilities                                               4             Details of long-term incentive schemes    DRR
The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual report and         12            Shareholder waivers of dividends          IFRS Financial
accounts, the directors’ remuneration report and the financial                                                                    Statements – note 32
statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.             13            Shareholder waivers of future dividends   IFRS Financial
Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements                                                                Statements – note 32
for each financial year. Under that law the directors have prepared
the Group and parent company financial statements in accordance           By order of the Board on 7 March 2018.
with IFRS as adopted by the EU. In preparing these financial
statements, the directors have also elected to comply with IFRSs,
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
Under company law the directors must not approve the financial
statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Group and Company and of the          Tom Stoddard
profit or loss for that period. In preparing these financial              Chief Financial Officer
statements, the directors are required to:
• select suitable accounting policies and apply them consistently
• make reasonable and prudent judgements and accounting
  estimates
• state whether applicable IFRSs as adopted by the EU and IFRSs
  issued by IASB have been followed, subject to any material
  departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements
• prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis
  unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Company and
  Group will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company’s
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the
financial position of the Company and Group and enable them to
ensure that the financial statements and the directors’


                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       60
                                        Strategic report                           Governance                      IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Directors’ remuneration report



Remuneration                                                                                                       Our decision around LTIP metrics has involved the most focus and
                                                                                                                   detailed consultation with shareholders during our engagement on
                                                                                                                   the Policy. We've listened carefully to shareholders' input and we
Committee report                                                                                                   believe the proposal, detailed below, balances some fairly divergent
                                                                                                                   shareholder views while having strong alignment to our announced
                                                                                                                   strategy and plans.
                                                                                                                       We've adapted our Policy in order to gain maximum alignment
                                                                                                                   with these views and we are now confident this approach will be
                                                                                                                   supported by our major shareholders.
On behalf of the Remuneration Committee (the Committee), I am                                                          At our Capital Markets Day in November 2017, we updated the
pleased to present the Directors’ Remuneration Report (DRR), for                                                   market about our strategy and financial targets for the future,
the year ended 31 December 2017. I also include the details of the                                                 specifically:
proposed changes to the Directors’ Remuneration Policy (the                                                        • Earnings per share growth and improved quality of earnings
Policy) in line with the requirement to obtain our shareholders’                                                   • Capital stewardship, strength and deployment
approval of our Policy at least every three years.                                                                 • Sustainable and consistent dividend growth
     Aviva has had another strong year of financial results due to our                                             • Investing in our future operating model
success in engaging customers, employees and the community with
our purpose: Defy Uncertainty. The remuneration decisions detailed                                                 As part of our new Directors’ Remuneration Policy, we are proposing
in the DRR reflect the contributions of our Executive Directors (ED)                                               therefore to adopt the following metrics framework for the LTIP.
in delivering Group performance and in embedding for the long-
term the culture and practices that will ensure we continue to fulfil                                              Financial metric – Earnings per share (EPS1) growth with gateway
our purpose.                                                                                                       hurdles (underpins) of Return on Equity (RoE2) and Solvency II (SII)
                                                                                                                   Shareholder Cover Ratio– 50% weighting
Policy renewal                                                                                                     It is clear from discussions with shareholders on our strategy that
The current Policy was approved at the 2015 Annual General                                                         EPS is a key metric. For the 2018 LTIP, 50% of the award will be
Meeting (AGM), and through our engagement with shareholders                                                        linked to Operating EPS1 growth and quality of earnings ambition
over the past three years, we have received clear indications of                                                   we shared with our shareholders at our Capital Markets Day.
support for the current remuneration framework, and for the reward                                                       Vesting of this portion of the LTIP can only commence after two
outcomes approved under it.                                                                                        hurdles are met:
      In the last year, the Committee has undertaken an extensive                                                  • Return on equity – This measure of Operating RoE2 is reported as
review of the Policy. This has focused on whether the Policy remains                                                  part of the capital and assets summary in our annual results
fit for purpose and whether changes could be made to improve the                                                      announcement. We will set and disclose a minimum hurdle for 3
link between the progress being achieved on our strategy and                                                          years for each grant – in determining vesting, our Operating RoE2
reward outcomes. We have also consulted extensively with                                                              (which is calculated consistently with Operating EPS1) must
shareholders and shareholder representatives, and have used this                                                      exceed this hurdle prior to any vesting; and,
Policy proposal to begin a process of ongoing engagement with our                                                  • SII Shareholder Cover Ratio – we must maintain solvency above
employees as well.                                                                                                    the minimum of our stated working range (currently 150% to
      At the end of this review, we are not proposing major structural                                                180%) prior to any vesting.
changes to our Policy as we see it as still being fit for purpose. This
has been a strong theme of our shareholder interactions. We are                                                    Quality of earnings was a stated ambition at our Capital Markets
however proposing some changes to elements of the Policy as                                                        Day. The Committee has complete discretion to revise any payout
follows:                                                                                                           on this metric for example in the event there are concerns with
• No change of approach on basic salary or annual bonus, although                                                  quality of earnings. The quality of earnings process that underlies
   we propose to introduce phased vesting over three years for the                                                 each vesting tranche will be detailed in the DRR each year.
   deferred bonus while leaving deferral at 67%.                                                                       The Operating EPS1 targets for each LTIP award will be
• The maximum quantum of the Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP)                                                       disclosed in advance.
   opportunity, and the plan rules used for making LTIP grants will
   not change; however, it is proposed to make a change to the                                                     Total Shareholder Return (TSR) – 50% weighting
   metrics.                                                                                                        This will continue to be measured against relevant insurance and
• Pension contributions will be reduced for future ED
                                                                                                                   financial services peers. The application of this metric will continue
   appointments.                                                                                                   to be based on achieving upper quintile TSR for maximum vesting,
• Shareholding requirements are being increased for EDs other
                                                                                                                   whilst upper quartile is the normal market benchmark.
   than the Group Chief Executive Officer (Group CEO), who is
   already required to hold 300% of salary.




1   This measure is derived from the Group adjusted operating profit APM. Further details of this measure are included in the ‘Other information’ section.
2   This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
    (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.




                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     61
                           Strategic report          Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Directors’ remuneration report


No strategic input measure for 2018                                       2017 Annual bonus
Shareholders will note we have decided not to proceed with the            Performance at Group level against the financial targets in our
proposed inclusion of a strategic category metric for the 2018 LTIP.      bonus scorecard was again strong in 2017. We have further
This was an area where shareholders were split, with some                 developed our Digital First approach across our businesses while
suggesting it is critical to long term value creation, whilst others      developing market-leading digital propositions. The Committee
were opposed and felt that the metrics should remain solely               has also made its annual assessment of the modifier factors, in
financial return focused. On balance, we did not feel the level of        determining the overall bonus scorecard outcome.
support was sufficient to proceed with this metric in 2018 but have
included this as a potential category in our Policy for future LTIPs,     2015 Long Term Incentive Plan
subject to full consultation and shareholder support. Such an             Vesting of 36.9%, all based on the adjusted RoE performance
approach is consistent with the metrics adopted by a number of            component and with nothing for the TSR component.
other insurance and financial services companies in the UK market.             The Committee’s decisions on annual bonus and on the vesting
It aligns with some clear shareholder views that incentive metrics        of the 2015 LTIP were made after conducting the quality of earnings
should include a focus on critical strategic inputs, with progress on     assessment and risk review for both plans. The risk review takes into
digital transformation being a high priority at this stage for the        account the conduct and control environment across the Group.
Board in its stewardship role. We believe, therefore, that this
                                                                          Judgement and discretion exercised by the Committee
warrants future discussion with shareholders given the strength and
                                                                          The Committee has exercised judgement for the 2015 LTIP vesting
range of views.
                                                                          in respect of performance period 2015 – 2017. The re-measurement
     Over the three years of the Policy, we will continue to consider
                                                                          loss on Friends Provident International Limited (FPI) and Taiwan
how our metrics can best reflect sustainable achievement of results
                                                                          has been excluded from the RoE performance outcome and will be
and long term outcomes for our shareholders.
                                                                          recognised in 2018 upon completion of the sale. In addition, the
     Setting an appropriate Policy for the next three years is an
                                                                          positive impact of the £300m share buyback has been removed
important enabler for the Group. The Committee intends to
                                                                          from the RoE performance outcome.
continue to offer an appropriately competitive remuneration
framework, while achieving the best alignment possible with
                                                                          Ogden
shareholder outcomes. The Committee considers that the revised
                                                                          Last year, we indicated our intention to address the impact of the
Policy achieves this and is seeking approval from shareholders for it
                                                                          Ogden rate change on incentive awards once the UK Government
to be effective for three years from the conclusion of the 2018 AGM.
                                                                          established a new methodology for setting the rate. The rate had
Quality of earnings assessments and risk adjustments                      been adjusted in March 2017 from 2.5% to minus 0.75%, and set
As part of the previous Policy approved in 2015, we introduced a          with reference to a ‘very low risk’ investment approach by UK
rigorous quality of earnings assessment process as the final step in      claimants receiving lump sum awards. The new methodology is still
decisions on LTIP vesting, and in determining annual bonus                not yet in place, but the draft legislation released in September
scorecard outcomes.                                                       2017 provided clear guidance as to the direction of travel, in
    The Committee reviews the formulaic vesting outcomes against          particular that a ‘low risk’ rather than a ‘very low risk’ investment
our reward metrics and our bonus scorecard to ensure the reward           approach will be used for setting the rate. The indicative range
outcomes are appropriate, taking into account a range of factors          remains wide at 0.0% to 1.0%; we therefore believe that the
including underlying financial performance, capital management            approach of deferring this item from the assessment of incentives
and risk. Shareholder feedback on this has been positive, and it is       until the new rate is set continues to be the right one.
clear that it is viewed as an integral and important part of our
                                                                          Gender Pay Gap Report (GPGR)
approach to reward, and to how we ensure outcomes against
                                                                          Last year, we outlined our commitment to increasing the focus on
targets such as EPS are appropriate. We have provided more detail
                                                                          our diversity agenda at Aviva and our ambition of inclusivity across
on how this process operates in setting out the Policy in the next
                                                                          the Group. This continues to be central to our values and critical to
section.
                                                                          the success of our business. Further to the UK GPGR requirements
Appointment of new director                                               introduced in the UK in April 2017, we released our initial report in
Maurice Tulloch was appointed to the Board on 20 June 2017.               January 2018 along with details of actions we are taking to drive
Maurice brings over 25 years’ experience with Aviva and his               change and bridge the gap. The report can be found at
appointment gives further focus at Board level to the Group's             www.aviva.com/gpgr
International businesses. Maurice’s terms of appointment are                  Our gender pay gap data shows that we need to do more to
consistent with other EDs and are detailed further in this report.        create opportunities for women to progress. We understand the
                                                                          reasons why we have a gender pay gap and this gives us the best
Remuneration decisions for 2017                                           possible chance of doing more to fix it. We have a significant
                                                                          challenge ahead of us but, at Aviva, this is about progression and
Basic salary                                                              not equal pay.
Increase of 2.5% consistent with the budget applied for average               We are not proud of the position as it stands and have identified
increases in the annual pay review for other Aviva employees in the       areas of focus that we believe will have a significant positive impact,
UK.                                                                       both in continuing to build an inclusive culture and reducing our
                                                                          gender pay gap




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       62
                           Strategic report         Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Directors’ remuneration report      Continued


Forward looking application of policy for 2018
Salary
Increase of 3% consistent with other Aviva employees in the UK.
    These increases are in line with expectations around market
movements and inflation in the UK and are consistent with overall
increases being applied across our UK-based employees.

Bonus
30% of the annual bonus scorecard will be linked to progress on our
Digital First strategy. The measure will focus on growth in customers
with multiple product holdings (MPH) and the number of MyAviva
active customers.

2018 LTIP
In 2018, maximum awards under the LTIP will be in line with
previous years.
    300% of salary for the Group CEO and 225% for the Chief
Financial Officer (CFO), the Chief Executive Officer UK Insurance
(CEO UKI) and the Chief Executive Officer International (CEO
International). The performance conditions are detailed in table 22.

Committee changes during the year
Bob Stein and Sir Malcolm Williamson stepped down from the
Board and from the Committee during 2017 and I would like to
thank them both for their hard work and commitment during their
tenures. Glyn Barker joined the Committee in May 2017 and brings
with him a deep understanding of accounting and regulatory issues
together with in-depth transactional and financial services
experience.

Priorities for 2018
Key priorities for 2018 include the publication of the new UK
Corporate Governance Code (Code), expected to be in the summer
2018. The draft Code includes proposals to:
• widen the remit of remuneration committees; and
• require companies to report on what engagement has taken
      place with the workforce to explain how executive
      remuneration aligns with the wider company policy.
There will also be UK legislation requiring companies to publish pay
ratios between the CEO and the average UK employee. We will
report on pay ratios in the 2018 DRR, as, by then, the methodology
to calculate the pay ratio should have been published. In the
meantime, we are reporting the ratio of the Group CEO’s pay
relative to other members of the Group Executive (GE). Based on
this year’s pay decisions, the Group CEO earns approximately 2.1
times more than the GE average and 1.8 times more than the
average for the other EDs. The percentage change in Group CEO pay
for 2017 versus other UK based employees is reported in table 13.

We are committed to ensuring alignment between pay and
performance and believe that the outcomes for 2017 and the
changes we are proposing to make to the Policy in 2018 support
this.

I look forward to seeing shareholders at the 2018 AGM.


Patricia Cross
Chair, Remuneration Committee
7 March 2018

.




                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                      63
                           Strategic report          Governance          IFRS financial statements    Other information


Directors’ remuneration report      Continued



Directors’ Remuneration Policy

The Remuneration Policy for directors is set out in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 (as amended) and the
Large & Medium Sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended).

Alignment of Group strategy with executive remuneration
The Committee considers that alignment between Group strategy and the remuneration of its EDs is critical. Our Remuneration Policy
provides market competitive remuneration, and incentivises EDs to achieve both the annual business plan and the longer-term strategic
objectives of the Group. Significant levels of deferral and an aggregate shareholding requirement align EDs’ interests with those of
shareholders, aid retention of key personnel, and assist in focussing the EDs on long-term enterprise value creation. As well as rewarding
the achievement of objectives, variable remuneration can be zero.
    The proposed Policy is subject to shareholder approval at the 2018 AGM on 10 May 2018. If approved, it will apply immediately, for up to
three years.
    Table 1 below provides an overview of the proposed Policy for EDs and highlights the proposed changes from the existing Policy. For an
overview of the proposed Policy for Non Executive Directors (NEDs) see table 3.

1   Key aspects of the Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors
Element
Basic salary       Purpose                                                       Maximum opportunity
No changes         To provide core market related pay to attract and retain      There is no maximum increase within the Policy. However,
proposed           the required level of talent.                                 basic salary increases take account of the average basic
                                                                                 salary increase awarded to the broader employee
                   Operation                                                     population. Different levels of increase may be agreed in
                   Annual review, with changes normally taking effect from       certain circumstances at the Committee’s discretion, such
                   1 April each year. The review is informed by:                 as:
                   • Individual and business performance                         • An increase in job scope and responsibility
                   • Levels of increase for the broader employee population      • Development of the individual in the role
                   • Relevant pay data including market practice among           • A significant increase in the size, value or complexity of
                     relevant FTSE listed companies of comparable size to          the Group
                     Aviva in terms of market capitalisation, large European
                     and global insurers and UK financial services companies     Assessment of performance
                                                                                 Any movement in basic salary takes account of the
                                                                                 performance of the individual and the Group.
Annual Bonus       Purpose                                                       Maximum opportunity
Changes            To reward EDs for achievement against the Company’s           200% of basic salary for Group CEO
proposed           strategic objectives and for demonstrating the Aviva          150% of basic salary for other EDs
                   values and behaviours.
                       Deferral provides alignment with shareholder              Outcome at threshold and on target
                   interests and aids retention of key personnel.                Performance is assessed against multiple metrics.
                                                                                 Threshold performance against a single metric would
                   Operation                                                     result in a bonus payment of no more than 25% of basic
                   Awards are based on performance in the year. Targets are      salary.
                   set annually and pay-out levels are determined by the             100% of basic salary is payable for on target
                   Committee based on performance against those targets          performance.
                   and a quality of earnings assessment and risk review.
                                                                                 Assessment of performance
                   Form & timing of payment                                  Performance is assessed against a range of relevant
                   • One-third of any bonus is payable in cash at the end of financial, employee, customer and risk targets designed
                     the year                                                to incentivise the achievement of our strategy, as well as
                   • Two-thirds of any bonus awarded is deferred into shares individual strategic objectives as set by the Committee.
                     which vest in three equal annual tranches                    Although financial performance is the major factor in
                                                                             considering overall expenditure on bonuses, performance
                   Additional shares are awarded at vesting in lieu of       against non-financial measures including progress
                   dividends paid on the deferred shares.                    towards our strategic priorities and behaviours in line with
                                                                             our values will also be taken into consideration.




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       64
                           Strategic report          Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Directors’ remuneration report      Continued


Element
                   Malus and clawback                                             Discretion
                   Cash and deferred awards are subject to malus and              The Committee has discretion to amend vesting levels to
                   clawback. Details of when these may be applied are set         prevent unreasonable outcomes, which it may use taking
                   out in the notes below.                                        into account a range of factors, including the
                                                                                  management of risk and good governance, the quality of
                                                                                  earnings and, in all cases, the experience of shareholders.

                                                                                  Proposed changes to policy
                                                                                  For awards in respect of 2018 onwards, vesting occurs in
                                                                                  three equal tranches on the first, second and third
                                                                                  anniversaries after grant (rather than at the end of three
                                                                                  years as under the previous policy).
Long-term          Purpose                                                        Maximum opportunity
incentive plan     To reward EDs for achievement against the Company’s            350% of basic salary.
Changes            longer-term objectives, to align EDs’ interests with those
proposed           of shareholders, to aid the retention of key personnel, and    Performance measures
                   to encourage focus on long-term growth in enterprise           Awards will vest based on a combination of financial,
                   value.                                                         strategic and TSR performance metrics. For the 2018
                                                                                  awards the measures and weightings will be:
                   Operation                                                      • 50% Operating EPS1 growth subject to two gateway
                   Shares are awarded annually which vest dependent on              hurdles – Operating RoE2 and SII Shareholder Cover
                   the achievement of performance conditions. Vesting is            Ratio
                   subject to an assessment of quality of earnings, the           • 50% TSR against a comparator group
                   stewardship of capital and risk review.
                                                                                  The financial metric combined with TSR will be a
                   Performance period                                             minimum of 80% of the total LTIP award. If, in subsequent
                   Three years.                                                   years, shareholders indicate support for strategic
                                                                                  measures, the Policy will allow for up to 20% LTIP to be
                   Additional shares are awarded at vesting in lieu of            awarded on the basis of strategic measures and this will
                   dividends on any shares which vest.                            be fully disclosed in the DRR.

                   Additional holding period                                      Vesting at threshold
                   Two years.                                                     20% of award for each performance measure.

                   Malus and clawback                                             Discretion
                   Awards are subject to malus and clawback. Details of           The Committee has discretion to amend vesting levels to
                   when these may be applied are set out in the notes below.      prevent unreasonable outcomes, which it may use taking
                                                                                  into account a range of factors, including the
                                                                                  management of risk and good governance, the quality of
                                                                                  earnings, and, in all cases, the experience of shareholders.

                                                                                  Proposed changes to policy
                                                                                  The performance measures and weightings set out above
                                                                                  will replace the previous measures being 50% adjusted
                                                                                  performance RoE and 50% TSR against a comparator
                                                                                  group.
Pension            Purpose                                                        Maximum opportunity
Changes            To give a market competitive level of provision for post-      If suitable employee contributions are made, the
proposed           retirement income.                                             Company contributes:
                                                                                  • 20% of basic salary for new ED appointments
                   Operation                                                      • 28% of basic salary for existing EDs
                   EDs are eligible to participate in a defined contribution         (into pension or paid as cash as applicable).
                   plan up to the annual limit.
                   Any amounts above annual or lifetime limits are paid in        Proposed changes to policy
                   cash.                                                          Lower limit introduced on pension levels for new ED
                                                                                  appointments.
Benefits           Purpose                                                        Maximum opportunity
No changes         To provide EDs with a suitable but reasonable package of       Set at a level which the Committee considers appropriate
proposed           benefits as part of a competitive remuneration package.        against comparable roles in companies of a similar size
                   This involves both core executive benefits, and the            and complexity to provide a reasonable level of benefit.


                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        65
                                        Strategic report                           Governance                      IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                        Continued


Element
                            opportunity to participate in flexible benefits programmes                                         Costs would normally be limited to providing a cash car
                            offered by the Company (via salary sacrifice).                                                     allowance, private medical insurance, life insurance, and
                            This enables us to attract and retain the right level of                                           reasonable travel benefits (including the tax cost where
                            talent necessary to deliver the Company’s strategy.                                                applicable). In addition, there may be one-off or
                                                                                                                               exceptional items on a case by case basis, which would be
                            Operation                                                                                          disclosed in the DRR.
                            Benefits are provided on a market related basis. The
                            Company reserves the right to deliver benefits to EDs
                            depending on their individual circumstances, which may
                            include a cash car allowance, life insurance, private
                            medical insurance and access to a company car and
                            driver for business use. In the case of non-UK executives,
                            the Committee may consider additional allowances in line
                            with standard relevant market practice.

                            EDs are eligible to participate in the Company’s broad
                            based employee share plans on the same basis as other
                            eligible employees.
Relocation                  Purpose                                                                                            Maximum opportunity
and mobility                To assist with mobility across the Group to ensure the                                             Dependent on location and family size, benefits are
No changes                  appropriate talent is available to execute our strategy                                            market related and time bound. They are not
proposed                    locally.                                                                                           compensation for performing the role but are intended to
                                                                                                                               defray costs of a relocation or residence outside the home
                            Operation                                                                                          country.
                            Employees who are relocated or reassigned from one                                                 The Committee would pay no more than it judged
                            location to another receive relevant benefits to assist                                            reasonably necessary, in the light of all applicable
                            them and their dependants in moving home and settling                                              circumstances.
                            into the new location.
Shareholding                Purpose                                                                                            Proposed changes to policy
requirements                To align EDs’ interests with those of shareholders.                                                Shareholding requirements for other EDs has been
Changes                                                                                                                        increased from 150%.
proposed                    Operation
                            A requirement to build a shareholding in the Company
                            equivalent to 300% of basic salary for the Group CEO and
                            200% of basic salary for other EDs.
                            This shareholding is normally to be built up over a period
                            not exceeding 5 years (subject to the Committee’s
                            discretion where personal circumstances dictate).
1   This measure is derived from the Group adjusted operating profit APM. Further details of this measure are included in the ‘Other information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
2   This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
    (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.


Notes to the table:
Performance measures
For the annual bonus, performance measures are chosen to align to some of the Group’s key performance indicators and include financial,
strategic, risk, employee and customer measures. Achievement against individual strategic objectives is also taken into account.
    LTIP performance measures are chosen to provide an indication of both absolute and relative return generated for shareholders. In
terms of target setting, a number of reference points are taken into account each year including, but not limited to, the Group’s business
plan and external market expectations of the Company. Maximum payouts require performance that significantly exceeds expected
performance under both the annual bonus and LTIP.
Quality of earnings assessments
Throughout the year, the Committee engages in a regular quality of earnings assessment. A quality of earnings assessment sign-off is the
final step in determining annual bonus scorecard outcomes, and in making decisions on LTIP vesting.
    This sign-off is undertaken before decisions are made on the modifiers for risk, customer and employee engagement under the annual
bonus, and before vesting is determined against financial metrics under the LTIP.
    As a minimum, at any Committee meeting where LTIP vesting or annual bonus scorecard decisions are considered, the Chief
Accounting Officer prepares a report to the Committee on the quality of earnings reflected in the results being assessed against
performance targets. Extensive information from the audited accounts is used to explain the vesting and scorecard outcomes – ranging
from movements in reserves, capital management decisions, consistency of accounting treatment and period to period comparability. The
Chief Accounting Officer attends the Committee meeting to answer any questions that any member of the Committee may choose to ask.
Any vesting decision or confirmation of awards is made after this process has been undertaken.


                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     66
                           Strategic report         Governance           IFRS financial statements   Other information


Directors’ remuneration report      Continued


Malus and Clawback
The circumstances when malus (the forfeiture or reduction of unvested shares awarded under the Annual Bonus Plan (ABP) and LTIP) and
clawback (the recovery of cash and share awards after release) may apply include (but are not limited to) where the Committee considers
that the employee concerned has been involved in or partially / wholly responsible for:
• A materially adverse misstatement of the Company’s financial statements, or a misleading representation of performance;
• A significant failure of risk management and/or controls;
• A scenario or event which causes material reputational damage to the Company;
• Misconduct which, in the opinion of the Committee, ought to result in the complete or partial lapse of an award;
• Conduct which resulted in significant loss(es);
• Failure to meet appropriate standards of fitness and propriety; or
• Any other circumstance required by local regulatory obligations.

The clawback period runs for two years from the date of payment in the case of the cash element of any annual bonus award.
   For deferred bonus elements and LTIP awards, the overall malus and clawback period is five years from the date of grant.

Discretions
The discretions the Committee has in relation to the operation of the ABP and LTIP are set out in the plan rules. These include (but are not
limited to) the ability to set additional conditions (and the discretion to change or waive those conditions). In relation to the LTIP and in
accordance with its terms, the Committee has discretion in relation to vesting and to waive or change a performance condition if anything
happens which causes the Committee reasonably to consider it appropriate to do so. Such discretions would only be applied in
exceptional circumstances, to ensure that awards properly reflect underlying business performance. Any use of the discretions and how
they were exercised will be disclosed, where relevant, in the DRR and, where appropriate, be subject to consultation with Aviva’s
shareholders.

Change in control
In the event of a change in control, unless a new award is granted in exchange for an existing award, or if there is a significant corporate
event like a demerger, awards under the LTIP would normally vest to the extent that the performance conditions have been satisfied as at
the date of the change in control, and unless the Committee decides otherwise, would be pro-rated to reflect the time between the start of
the performance period and the change in control event. Awards under the ABP would normally vest on the date of the change in control
and may vest if there is a significant corporate event.

Consistency of executive Policy across the Group
The Policy for our EDs is designed as part of the remuneration philosophy and principles that underpin remuneration for the wider Group.
Remuneration arrangements for employees below the EDs take account of the seniority and nature of the role, individual performance and
local market practice. The components and levels of remuneration for different employees may therefore differ from the Policy for EDs. Any
such elements are reviewed against market practice and approved in line with internal guidelines and frameworks.
    Differentiation in reward outcomes based on performance and behaviour that is consistent with the Aviva values is a feature of how
Aviva operates its annual bonus plan for its senior leaders and managers globally. A disciplined approach is taken to moderation across the
Company in order to recognise and reward the key contributors. The allocation of LTIP awards also involves strong differentiation, with
expected contribution and ability to collaborate effectively in implementation of the strategy driving award levels.

Legacy payments
The Committee reserves the right to make any remuneration payments and payments for loss of office (including exercising any discretions
available to it in connection with such payments) notwithstanding that they are not in line with the Policy set out above, where the terms of
the payment were agreed (i) before May 2014 (the date the Company’s first Policy came into effect, (ii) before the Policy set out above came
into effect, provided that the terms of the payment were consistent with the Policy in force at the time they were agreed, or (iii) at a time
when the relevant individual was not a director of the Company and, in the opinion of the Committee, the payment was not in
consideration for the individual becoming a director of the Company. For these purposes, ‘payments’ includes the Committee satisfying
awards of variable remuneration and, in relation to an award over shares, the terms of the payment are ‘agreed’ at the time the award is
granted.

Approach to recruitment remuneration
On hiring a new ED, the Committee would align the proposed remuneration package with the Policy in place for EDs at the time of the
appointment.
    In determining the actual remuneration for a new ED, the Committee would consider the package in totality, taking into account
elements such as the skills and experience of the individual, local market benchmarks, remuneration practice, and the existing
remuneration of other senior executives. The Committee would ensure any arrangements agreed would be in the best interests of Aviva
and its shareholders. It would seek not to pay more than necessary to secure the right candidate.
    Where considered appropriate, the Committee may make awards on hiring an external candidate to ‘buyout’ remuneration
arrangements forfeited on leaving a previous employer. In doing so, the Committee would take account of relevant factors including any
performance conditions attached to these awards, the form in which it was paid (e.g. cash or shares) and the timeframe of awards. Buyout
awards would be awarded on a ‘like for like’ basis compared to remuneration being forfeited, and would be capped to reflect the value
being forfeited. The Committee considers that a buyout award is a significant investment in human capital by Aviva, and any buyout
decision will involve careful consideration of the contribution that is expected from the individual.


                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       67
                                       Strategic report                           Governance                      IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                       Continued


     The maximum level of variable pay which could be awarded to a new ED, excluding any buyouts, would be in line with the Policy set out
above and would therefore be no more than 550% of basic salary for the Group CEO (200% of basic salary annual bonus opportunity and
350% of basic salary as the face value of a LTIP grant) and 500% of basic salary for other EDs (150% of basic salary annual bonus
opportunity and 350% of basic salary as the face value of a LTIP grant).
     All other elements of remuneration will also be in line with the Policy set out above.
     Should the Company have any prior commitments outside of this Policy in respect of an employee promoted internally to an ED
position, the Committee may continue to honour these for a period of time. Where an ED is appointed from within the organisation, the
normal policy of the Company is that any legacy arrangements would be honoured in line with the original terms and conditions. Similarly,
if an ED is appointed following Aviva’s acquisition of, or merger with, another company, legacy terms and conditions may be honoured.
     On appointing a new NED, the Committee would align the remuneration package with the Policy for NEDs, outlined in table 3, including
fees and travel benefits.

Illustration of the policy
The charts below illustrate how much EDs could earn under different performance scenarios in one financial year:
• Minimum – basic salary, pension or cash in lieu of pension and benefits, no bonus and no vesting of the LTIP
• Target – basic salary, pension or cash in lieu of pension, benefits, and:
  ė A bonus of 100% and an LTIP of 300% of basic salary (with notional LTIP vesting at 50% of maximum) for the Group CEO; and
  ė A bonus of 100% and an LTIP of 225% of basic salary (with notional LTIP vesting at 50% of maximum) for the CFO, CEO UKI and CEO
     International.
• Maximum – basic salary, pension or cash in lieu of pension, benefits, and:
  ė A bonus of 200% and an LTIP of 300% of basic salary (with notional LTIP vesting at maximum) for the Group CEO; and
  ė A bonus of 150% and an LTIP of 225% of basic salary (with notional LTIP vesting at maximum) for the CFO, CEO UKI and CEO
     International.

Mark Wilson                                             Tom Stoddard                                            Andy Briggs                                             Maurice Tulloch
Potential earnings                                      Potential earnings                                      Potential earnings                                      Potential earnings
by pay element                                          by pay element                                          by pay element                                          by pay element
 £m
 7                                         £6.8

 6                                          47%

 5
                           £4.1
 4                                                                                                £3.8                                                    £3.8
                           39%                                                                                                                                                                                    £3.7
                                           31%                                                    44%                                     £2.6                                                    £2.5            44%
 3                                                                                £2.6                                                                    44%
                                                                                                                                          32%
 2                          26%                                                   32%                                                                                                             32%
           £1.5                                                                                   29%
                                                                  £1.0            28%                                      £1.0           29%             29%                     £1.0            29%             30%
 1         100%
                            35%            22%
                                                                  100%            40%             27%                     100%            39%             27%                     100%            39%             26%
 -
          2018             2018           2018                   2018             2018          2018                     2018             2018          2018                     2018            2018           2018
        Minimum           Target        Maximum                Minimum           Target       Maximum                  Minimum           Target       Maximum                  Minimum          Target        Maximum
        Fixed       Annual Bonus           LTIP                 Fixed       Annual Bonus           LTIP                 Fixed       Annual Bonus           LTIP                 Fixed       Annual Bonus           LTIP

Notes to the charts
Fixed pay consists of basic salary, pension as described in table 1, and estimated value of benefits provided under the Remuneration Policy, excluding any one offs. Actual figures may vary in future years.
The value of the LTIP and deferred element of the annual bonus assumes a constant share price and does not include additional shares awarded in lieu of dividends that may have been accrued during the vesting period.
LTIP as awarded in 2018.




                                                                                 Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                    68
                           Strategic report           Governance            IFRS financial statements   Other information


Directors’ remuneration report      Continued


Employment contracts and letters of appointment
ED employment contracts and NED letters of appointment are available for inspection at the Company’s registered office during normal
hours of business, and at the place of the Company’s 2018 AGM from 10.45am on 10 May 2018 until the close of the meeting.
    The key employment terms and conditions of the current EDs, and those who served during the year, as stipulated in their employment
contracts, are set out in the table below.

2   Executive Directors’ key conditions of employment
Provision                           Policy
Notice period
By the ED                           6 months.
By the Company                      12 months, rolling. No notice or payment in lieu of notice to be paid where the Company terminates for
                                    cause.
Termination Payment                 Pay in lieu of notice up to a maximum of 12 months’ basic salary.
                                    Any payment is subject to phasing and mitigation requirements. An ED would be expected to mitigate the
                                    loss of office by seeking alternative employment. Any payments in lieu of notice would be reduced,
                                    potentially to zero, by any salary received from such employment.
Remuneration and Benefits           The operation of the annual bonus and LTIP is at the Company’s discretion.
Expenses                            Reimbursement of expenses reasonably incurred in accordance with their duties.
Car Allowance                       A cash car allowance is received, as varied from time to time.
Holiday entitlement                 30 working days plus public holidays.
Private medical insurance           Private medical insurance is provided for the ED and their family. The ED can choose to opt out of this
                                    benefit or take a lower level of cover. However, no payments are made in lieu of reduced or no cover.
Other benefits                      Other benefits include participation in the Company’s staff pension scheme, life insurance and, where
                                    applicable, access to a Company car and driver for business related use.
Sickness                            In the case of Mark, Tom and Andy, 100% of basic salary for 52 weeks, and 75% thereafter for a further 52
                                    weeks.
                                    In the case of Maurice, 100% of salary for the first 26 weeks, thereafter long term disability insurance may
                                    apply.
Non-compete                         During employment and for six months after leaving (less any period of garden leave) without the prior
                                    written consent of the Company.
Contract dates                      Director:                            Date current contract commenced:
                                    Mark Wilson                          1 January 2013
                                    Tom Stoddard                         28 April 2014
                                    Andy Briggs                          13 April 2015
                                    Maurice Tulloch                      20 June 2017

Policy on payment for loss of office
There are no pre-determined ED special provisions for compensation for loss of office. The Committee has the ability to exercise its
discretion on the final amount actually paid. Any compensation would be based on basic salary, pension entitlement and other contractual
benefits during the notice period, or a payment made in lieu of notice, depending on whether the notice is worked.
     Where notice of termination of a contract is given, payments to the ED would continue for the period worked during the notice period.
Alternatively, the contract may be terminated and phased monthly payments made in lieu of notice for, or for the balance of, the 12
months’ notice period. During this period, EDs would be expected to mitigate their loss by seeking alternative employment. Payments in
lieu of notice would be reduced by the salary received from any alternative employment, potentially to zero. The Company would typically
make a reasonable contribution towards an ED’s legal fees in connection with advice on the terms of their departure.
     There is no automatic entitlement to an annual bonus for the year in which loss of office occurs. The Committee may determine that an
ED may receive a pro-rata bonus in respect of the period of employment during the year loss of office occurs based on an assessment of
performance. Where an ED leaves the Company by reason of death, disability or ill health, or any other reason determined by the
Committee, there may be a payment of a pro rata bonus for the relevant year at the discretion of the Committee.
     The treatment of leavers under the ABP and LTIP is determined by the rules of the relevant plans. Good leaver status under these plans
would be granted in the event of, for example, the death of an ED. Good leaver status for other leaving reasons is at the discretion of the
Committee, taking into account the circumstances of the individual’s departure, but would typically include planned retirement, or their
departure on ill health grounds. In circumstances where good leaver status has been granted, awards may still be subject to malus and
clawback in the event that inappropriate conduct of the ED is subsequently discovered post departure. If good leaver status is not granted,
all outstanding awards will lapse.




                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         69
                           Strategic report              Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Directors’ remuneration report        Continued


    In the case of LTIPs, where the Committee determines EDs to be good leavers, vesting is normally based on the extent to which
performance conditions have been met at the end of the relevant performance period, and the proportion of the award that vests is pro-
rated for the time from the date of grant to final date of service (unless the Committee decides otherwise). Any decision not to apply this
would only be made in exceptional circumstances, and would be fully disclosed. It is not the practice to allow such treatment.

Consideration of wider employee pay and shareholder views
When determining the Policy and arrangements for our EDs, the Committee considers:
•  Pay and employment conditions elsewhere in the Group to ensure that pay structures are suitably aligned and that levels of
   remuneration remain appropriate. The Committee reviews levels of basic salary increases for other employees and executives based in
   their respective locations. It reviews changes in overall bonus pool funding and long-term incentive grants. The Committee considers
   feedback on pay matters from sources including the employee opinion survey and employee forums. The Committee also takes into
   account information provided by the people function and external advisers and from 2018, the Committee Chair has commenced a
   programme of consultation and meetings with employees to discuss remuneration.
•  Its ongoing dialogue with shareholders, the Committee seeks shareholder views and takes them into account when any significant
   changes are being proposed to remuneration arrangements and when formulating and implementing the Policy. For example, there
   has been detailed engagement with our largest shareholders regarding the proposed Policy during 2017 continuing into 2018.

Non-Executive Directors
The table below sets out details of our Policy for NEDs.

3   Key aspects of the Policy for Non-Executive Directors
Element
Chairman and NEDs’               Purpose                                                     Maximum opportunity
fees                             To attract individuals with the required range of skills    The Company’s Articles of Association provide that
No changes proposed              and experience to serve as a Chairman or as a NED.          the total aggregate remuneration paid to the
                                                                                             Chairman of the Company and NEDs will be
                                 Operation                                                   determined by the Board within the limits set by
                                 NEDs receive a basic annual fee in respect of their         shareholders and detailed in the Company’s Articles
                                 Board duties. Further fees are paid for membership          of Association.
                                 and, where appropriate, chairing Board committees.
                                 The Chairman receives a fixed annual fee. Fees are
                                 reviewed annually taking into account market data
                                 and trends and the scope of specific Board duties.
                                 NEDs are able to use up to 100 percent of their post-
                                 tax base fees to acquire shares in Aviva plc.
                                 The Chairman and NEDs do not participate in any
                                 incentive or performance plans or pension
                                 arrangements and do not receive an expense
                                 allowance.
                                     NEDs are reimbursed for reasonable expenses,
                                 and any tax arising on those expenses is settled
                                 directly by Aviva. To the extent that these are deemed
                                 taxable benefits, they will be included in the DRR, as
                                 required.
Chairman’s Travel                Purpose                                                     The Chairman has access to a company car and driver
Benefits                         To provide the Chairman with suitable travel                for business use. Where these are deemed a taxable
No changes proposed              arrangements for him to discharge his duties                benefit, the tax is paid by the Company.
                                 effectively.
NED Travel and                   Purpose                                                     Operation
Accommodation                    To reimburse NEDs for appropriate business travel           Reasonable costs of travel and accommodation for
No changes proposed              and accommodation, including attending Board and            business purposes are reimbursed to NEDs. On the
                                 committee meetings.                                         limited occasions when it is appropriate for a NEDs’
                                                                                             spouse or partner to attend, such as to a business
                                                                                             event, the Company will meet these costs. The
                                                                                             Company will meet any tax liabilities that may arise
                                                                                             on such expenses.




                                                        Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                           70
                                       Strategic report                          Governance                  IFRS financial statements                Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                       Continued


The NEDs, including the Chairman of the Company, have letters of appointment which set out their duties and responsibilities. The key
terms of the appointments are set out in the table below.

4     Non-Executive Directors’ key terms of appointment
Provision                                              Policy
Period                                                 In line with the requirement of the Code, all NEDs, including the Chairman, are subject to annual re-
                                                       election by shareholders at each AGM.
Termination                                            By the director or the Company at their discretion without compensation upon giving one months’
                                                       written notice for NEDs and three months written notice for the Chairman of the Company.
Fees                                                   As set out in table 21.
Expenses                                               Reimbursement of travel and other expenses reasonably incurred in the performance of their duties.
Time commitment                                        Each director must be able to devote sufficient time to the role in order to discharge his or her
                                                       responsibilities effectively.


                                                                                                                             Committee appointments
Director                                          Nomination                    Audit           Governance        Remuneration                 Risk               Appointment date1   Appointment end date2

Sir Adrian Montague                                        C                                                                                                   14 January 2013              AGM 2018
Claudia Arney                                             ‫ݱ‬                                             C                 ‫ݱ‬                    ‫ݱ‬               8 February 2016              AGM 2018
Glyn Barker                                               ‫ݱ‬                       ‫ݱ‬                   ‫ݱ‬                   ‫ݱ‬                    ‫ݱ‬              27 February 2012              AGM 2018
Patricia Cross                                            ‫ݱ‬                       ‫ݱ‬                                         C                                 1 December 2013               AGM 2018
Belén Romana García                                       ‫ݱ‬                                           ‫ݱ‬                                        ‫ݱ‬                 26 June 2015               AGM 2018
Michael Hawker                                            ‫ݱ‬                       ‫ݱ‬                                                              C              1 January 2010              AGM 2018
Michael Mire                                              ‫ݱ‬                                           ‫ݱ‬                   ‫ݱ‬                    ‫ݱ‬            12 September 2013               AGM 2018
Keith Williams                                            ‫ݱ‬                        C                  ‫ݱ‬                                        ‫ݱ‬                 1 August 2016              AGM 2018
Key
C Chair of Committee
✓ Committee member

Notes
1 The dates shown above reflect the date the individual was appointed to the Aviva plc Board.
2 Appointment end dates are in accordance with the letter of appointment.




                                                                                Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                   71
                                       Strategic report                           Governance               IFRS financial statements   Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                      Continued



Annual report on                                                                                           Committee. They are a member of the Remuneration Consultants’
                                                                                                           Group and adhere to its Code of Conduct. Deloitte LLP also
                                                                                                           provided advice to the Group on taxation, financial due diligence,
remuneration                                                                                               crisis management and other consulting services (including advice
                                                                                                           in relation to corporate and cyber opportunities). Tapestry
                                                                                                           Compliance LLP, appointed by the Company, provided advice on
                                                                                                           share incentive plan related matters, including on senior executive
                                                                                                           remuneration matters and views on shareholder perspectives.
                                                                                                                During the year, Deloitte LLP were paid fees totalling £149,800,
This section of the report sets out how Aviva has implemented its                                          and Tapestry Compliance LLP were paid fees totalling £51,655 for
Policy for EDs during the course of 2017, and how the proposed                                             their advice to the Committee on these matters. Fees were charged
Policy will be implemented for 2018. This is in accordance with the                                        on a time plus expenses basis.
requirements of the Large & Medium Sized Companies and Groups                                                   The Committee reflects on the quality of the advice provided
(Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended).                                                      and whether it properly addresses the issues under consideration
    The full terms of reference for the Committee can be found on                                          as part of its normal deliberations. The Committee is satisfied that
the Company’s website at www.aviva.com/remuneration-                                                       the advice received during the year was objective and independent.
committee and are also available from the Group General Counsel                                                 The Committee’s decisions are taken in the context of the
and Company Secretary.                                                                                     Reward Governance Framework, which sets out the key policies,
                                                                                                           guidelines and internal controls and is summarised on the next
Committee membership
                                                                                                           page.
The members of the Committee are shown below.
   Sir Malcolm Williamson and Bob Stein retired from the                                                   Committee performance and effectiveness
Committee after the conclusion of the AGM on 10 May 2017. Glyn                                             In 2017, the Committee undertook an external evaluation of its
Barker joined the Committee in May 2017.                                                                   effectiveness, alongside the exercise undertaken by the Board.
                                                                                                           Further details on how this has been carried out and the actions
                                                                                            Years on the
                                                                          Member Since       Committee     arising are contained in the Directors and Corporate Governance
Patricia Cross*                                                        01/12/2013                     4    report.
Michael Mire                                                            14/05/2015                    3
Claudia Arney                                                          01/06/2016                     1
                                                                                                           Committee activities and agenda time during 2017
                                                                                                           Governance, regulatory issues and reporting policy – 41%
Glyn Barker                                                             10/05/2017                  <1     • Engaged external advisors to advise on changes in the regulatory
Bob Stein**                                                             06/03/2013                    4      environment and developments in the UK corporate governance
Sir Malcolm Williamson**                                               14/05/2015                     3      framework, and to benchmark the company’s remuneration
* Chair                                                                                                      policies and practices against industry best practice.
** Retired from the conclusion of the 2017 Annual General Meeting (10 May 2017)
                                                                                                           • Discussed the mandatory GPGR due to come into force in 2018,
Consideration by the Committee of matters relating                                                           and agreed the range of reportable metrics and a strategy to
to directors’ remuneration                                                                                   make progress against them.
The Committee met seven times during 2017, of which five were                                              • Formulated and developed a new proposed Policy to be put
scheduled meetings and two were additional meetings outside of                                               forward for shareholder approval at the 2018 AGM, taking into
the normal timetable. Details of attendance at Committee meetings                                            account the views of shareholders.
are shown on page 42.                                                                                      • Focussed on the alignment of the remuneration policy with an
    The Group Chairman attended all meetings of the Committee.                                               appropriate risk culture and to appropriate sustainability metrics
The Group General Counsel and Company Secretary acted as                                                     including an approach on Ogden.
secretary to the Committee. The Chair of the Committee reported to                                         • Regularly reviewed the results of engagements with key investors,
subsequent meetings of the Board on the Committee’s work and                                                 including discussions on the relationship between senior
the Board received a copy of the agenda and the minutes of each                                              management remuneration policies and the company’s strategic
meeting of the Committee.                                                                                    objectives.
    The Committee received assistance in considering executive                                             • Reviewed the implementation of the Group’s Remuneration
remuneration from members of senior management, including:                                                   Standard and Policy.
• the Group CEO;                                                                                           • Approved the 2016 DRR.
• the CFO;
• the Chief People Officer;                                                                                Senior management objectives, bonus target setting and pay
• the Group Reward Director;                                                                               decisions – 31%
                                                                                                           • Using external advisors reviewed and benchmarked Group CEO
• the Chief Accounting Officer;
• the Chief Audit Officer;
                                                                                                             remuneration in relation to his performance in 2016 and against
• the Group Chief Risk Officer; and
                                                                                                             both a FTSE 50 and a financial services peer group.
                                                                                                           • Reviewed and approved the individual remuneration for each
• the Remuneration Committee Chair of Aviva Investors.
                                                                                                             member of the GE for 2017 in relation to their performance
These people attended meetings by invitation during the year. No                                             against personal targets.
person was present during any discussion relating to their own                                             • Reviewed the fees payable to independent NEDs on subsidiary
remuneration.                                                                                                boards in relation to the strategic rationale and comparator
    During the year, the Committee received advice on executive                                              benchmarks.
remuneration matters from Deloitte LLP who were appointed by the


                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     72
                           Strategic report               Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Directors’ remuneration report         Continued


• Approved the Aviva Investors 2016 Bonus Deferral Plan and the                Share plan operation and performance testing – 28%
  identification of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)                      • Reviewed performance testing of all existing LTIP awards, and
  Remuneration Code staff/Material Risk Takers.                                  approved targets for the 2017 LTIP awards.
• Discussed and approved the overall maximum bonus pool                        • Discussed 2018 LTIP targets.
  available to senior managers for the 2017 performance year,                  • Approved vesting of the 2014 LTIP and noted the interim testing
  taking into account metrics on culture and risk as well as on                  for 2015 and 2016 awards.
  financial performance.                                                       • Reviewed the proposed changes to future LTIP grants.
• Discussed and approved the ABP targets for 2017 in relation to the           • Approved the terms of the Aviva Savings Related Share Option
  financial targets set in the 2017-2019 Group plan.                             Scheme 2017 (SAYE) and the Aviva Ireland Save as You Earn
• Reviewed the strategic ambition targets set for 2017 in relation to            Scheme, the Ireland Profit Share Scheme and the invitation terms
  the company’s Digital First strategy including the number of                   for eligible employees.
  active digital registrations and the volume of sales made.                   • Reviewed and approved the Aviva Investors’ Carried Interest Plan,
                                                                                 Deferred Plan rules and Code Staff list.
                                                                               • Reviewed and approved any applications of malus/clawback
                                                                                 provisions under incentive plans.

Reward governance framework
                                 Terms of reference, policies and guidelines                                   Control and assurance
                                        Remuneration Committee terms of reference
                                                                                                                                  Reward
                    Sets out the Committee’s scope and responsibilities, including authorities which may   Remuneration          approvals
    Terms of                       be delegated but which still retain Committee oversight
    reference                                                                                                business             matrix
                             Subsidiary Board Remuneration Committee terms of reference                      standard
                       Sets out the Subsidiary Remuneration Committee’s scope and responsibilities                             Approval
                         Global remuneration policy                                                          Assurance      requirements
                                                                    Directors’ Remuneration Policy         framework to        to ensure
  Overarching       Approved by the Committee, applies to
                                                                  Proposed for approval by shareholders,    attest reward       reward
    policy           all employees at entities within Aviva
                                                                     applies to Directors of Aviva plc     operations are     operations
                                    Group
                                                                                                             conducted             are
                                           Variable compensation and risk                                     within the      conducted
   Other key        Identification of                adjustment                                                 global         within the
 functions and       remuneration            (includes bonus, LTIP, buy-out,     Malus and clawback        remuneration          global
    policies         regulated staff       retention, recognition awards and                                   policy,      remuneration
                                                        funding)                                              Directors’        policy,
                                                                                                           Remuneration        Directors’
  Examples of                                                                                                Policy and     Remuneration
    internal          New hires & buyouts               Terminations               Risk adjustment           supporting       Policy and
   guidelines                                                                                                  policies       supporting
  and policies                                                                                                                  policies
                        Retention plans              Recognition awards             Global mobility



                                                                                     Element of the reward governance framework
                       Element of the reward governance framework
 Key                                                                                 managed mainly under delegated authority from the
                       managed as part of the business of the Committee
                                                                                     Committee




                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            73
                                        Strategic report                           Governance                       IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                         Continued


Single total figures of remuneration for 2017
The table below sets out the total remuneration for 2017 and 2016 for each of our EDs.

5     Total 2017 remuneration – executive directors (audited information)
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Total emoluments of
                                                Mark Wilson                          Tom Stoddard                            Andy Briggs                         Maurice Tulloch6                    Executive Directors7
                                                2017                2016               2017               2016               2017                2016              2017                2016               2017                2016
                                                £000                £000               £000               £000               £000                £000              £000                £000               £000                £000

Basic Salary1                                1,028               1,002                708                690                726                 707                373                   —            2,835                 2,399
Benefits2                                      107                  99                 86                 73                 53                  51                 39                   —              285                   223
Annual Bonus3                                1,945               1,837                997                939              1,022                 926                456                   —            4,420                 3,702
LTIP4                                          966               1,304                499                673                511                  —                  70                   —            2,046                 1,977
Pension5                                       288                 281                198                193                203                 198                104                   —              793                   672
Total                                        4,334               4,523             2,488               2,568              2,515               1,882             1,042                    —           10,379                 8,973
Notes
1 Basic salary received during 2017.
2 The benefits disclosure includes the cost, where relevant, of private medical insurance, life insurance, accommodation, travel and car benefits. In the case of Mark and Andy this also includes benefits resulting from the UK
   HMRC tax-advantaged SAYE plan, and for Andy the UK HMRC tax-advantaged (share incentive plan) All Employee Share Ownership Plan (AESOP), in which they participate on the same basis as all eligible employees. All
   numbers disclosed include the tax charged on the benefits, where applicable.
3 Bonus payable in respect of the financial year including any deferred element at the face value at the date of award. The deferred element is made under the ABP.
4 The value of the LTIP for 2017 relates to the 2015 award, which had a three-year performance period ending 31 December 2017. 36.9% of the award will vest in March 2018. An assumed share price of 502.19. pence has been
   used to determine the value of the award based on the average share price over the final quarter of the 2017 financial year. The LTIP amounts shown in last year’s report in respect of the LTIPs awarded in 2014 were also
   calculated with an assumed share price of 456.27 pence. The actual share price at vesting was 525.07 pence, leading to an increase in value. The estimated value of the awards for the EDs was £1,718,000; the actual value was
   £1,977,000 (increase of £259,000).
5 Pension contributions consist of employer defined contribution benefits, excluding salary exchange contributions made by the employees, plus cash payments in lieu of pension. EDs are eligible to participate in a defined
   contribution plan and receive pension contributions and/or a cash pension allowance from the Company in aggregate totaling 28% of basic salary.
6 For Maurice, his 2017 values only relate to his qualifying services as a Director of Aviva from 20 June 2017, when he was appointed as an ED. His basic salary, bonus and benefits are set in Canadian dollars and have been
   converted to sterling using an average exchange rate for 2017.
7 Year on year increase is due to an additional ED and the first payout under the LTIP for Andy.


Additional disclosures in respect of the single total figure of remuneration table
2017 annual bonus outcome
The Group’s financial performance, together with non-financial modifiers and personal performance have been used to determine ED
bonuses paid in respect of 2017. We have set out details of performance against the financial and non-financial metrics for 2017 in tables 6
and 7 below. As set out in the tables, the bonuses reflect the fact that the fundamentals around our cash position, strategy and culture are
in good shape. The results come amidst unprecedented political, economic and technological changes. We have grown Operating EPS2,
cash remittances2 and further strengthened our estimated SII shareholder position.
    In determining the bonus awards, the Committee took into account the wider performance of Aviva and the experience of shareholders
during the year, and is satisfied that the bonus awards above are fair in light of those considerations. One-third of the bonus award for all
EDs will be delivered in cash, with two-thirds being deferred into shares for three years.

Other items of remuneration
The EDs have not received any items in the nature of remuneration other than those disclosed in table 1.

Malus and Clawback
As part of the annual pay review process, the Committee has considered whether any recovery or withholding under the malus and
clawback provisions of Aviva’s incentive plans is required by any current circumstances. No incidents concerning the EDs are currently
subject to action under Aviva’s malus and clawback policy.

2017 Annual bonus – disclosure of performance against targets
The table below sets out performance against targets. The overall scorecard outcome percentage applies to all of the EDs. The individual
bonus decisions for the EDs, explained in the notes below table 7, are determined after taking into account this scorecard assessment and
their respective personal performance.

6     2017 performance against bonus scorecard for ED bonuses
Financial Metrics                                                                                                                          Weighting           Minimum               Target          Maximum             Outcome

Adjusted IFRS EPS1                                                                                                                          30.0%              40.1p              43.3p              46.5p              48.3p
Net Cash Remittances2                                                                                                                       15.0%           £1,758m            £1,900m            £2,043m            £2,171m
Operating Capital Generation2                                                                                                               30.0%           £1,472m            £1,672m            £1,872m            £2,576m
Total Financial Metrics                                                                                                                     75.0%                                                                       150%
Strategic Progress
UK digital revenues (m)                                                                                                                     12.5%                1.3m               1.5m                1.7m             1.5m
MyAviva active registrations (m)                                                                                                            12.5%                5.6m               7.0m                8.4m             7.5m
Score before modifier decision3                                                                                                                                                                                          178%
Modifier decision                                                                                                                                                                                                          0%
Overall scorecard assessment4                                                                                                                                                                                            178%
Notes
1 Adjusted IFRS EPS is calculated based on IFRS profit after tax and non controlling interest but excluding investment variances, economic adjustment changes, AVIF amortisation, profit/loss on disposal of subsidiaries and
   pension scheme income/charge divided by weighted average number of shares.
2 This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
   (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
3 Modifier decisions include employee, customer and risk and control.
4 This is a key factor in determining individual bonuses for EDs along with personal performance.




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      74
                           Strategic report           Governance          IFRS financial statements    Other information


Directors’ remuneration report      Continued


Under the ABP, the bonus scorecard outcome can be modified by the performance of the employee, customer and risk and controls
modifiers. Typically, adjustments (if made) would be in the range of +/- 15% but for major risk or controls or customer issues (e.g.
concerning conduct) a considerably greater adjustment could be made.
   For 2017, no adjustment has been made in relation to the modifier factors.

7   2017 non-financial modifiers relating to bonus scorecard
Modifier                                        Assessment
Employee                                        Employee engagement is up one percentage point to 75% after significant improvements
Employee engagement.                            for France and Singapore and a four percentage point increase for UK Customer teams. 85%
                                                of colleagues see how their team’s work aligns with the Group’s strategy.
Customer                                        Our relationship NPS® survey shows three years of sustained high levels of customer
Performance against our Net Promoter            advocacy, but this year’s scores have marked a decline. We are working hard to boost
Score (NPS®) targets and our overall focus      customers’ loyalty by making things simple for customers and putting them in control, for
on customer outcomes.                           example with the launch of our simplified home insurance proposition.
Risk & Controls                                 All our businesses/functions were rated as acceptable or above, against their overall goal in
Aviva’s reward strategy includes specific       relation to risk, conduct and control outcomes. The assessments performed by our Risk and
risk and control objectives for senior          Internal Audit functions looked at the effectiveness and robustness of the risk framework
management and EDs. The aim is to help          and control environment. The outputs of the assessments were shared with the Risk and
drive and reward effective risk                 Audit Committees ahead of decisions being made on impacts to bonus. It was concluded
management and a robust control                 that no areas had been identified that would warrant bonus pool adjustments as part of
environment across the Group.                   determining incentive awards for 2017.

Individual bonus outcomes for EDs
While the modified outcome against the bonus scorecard provides a pool of funding for bonuses, actual bonus decisions are made based
on individual contribution and achievements, how the person has assisted the Group achieve progress against its strategic objectives, the
leadership they have exhibited and how the individual has demonstrated the Aviva values. Each ED has a target and a maximum
opportunity against which this is assessed.

Mark Wilson                                                              Tom Stoddard
The Aviva Group had a strong year under Mark Wilson’s leadership:        Tom Stoddard continued to provide outstanding leadership to the
• Strong financial results in 2017 with Group adjusted operating         finance function and was instrumental in many initiatives that
  profit1 growth up 2%, Operating EPS1 up 7% and fourth                  supported the Group’s strategy, including:
  consecutive year of double digit growth in the total dividend. All     • In 2017 we delivered on, or exceeded, market expectations at a
  other key metrics met or exceeded market commitments. Aviva’s             Group level. This strong financial performance lead to upgrading
  guidance to the market has been upgraded; higher than mid-                external targets on Operating EPS1 growth, cash remittances2 and
  single digit Operating EPS1 growth, increased pay-out target of           dividend pay-out ratio, at our Capital Markets Day and in our
  55-60% of Operating EPS1 by 2020; and a cash remittance2 target           2017 Results.
  up to £8bn.                                                            • Strong stewardship of capital - continued to strengthen our
• Amid significant uncertainty Aviva have further strengthened the          balance sheet position, acknowledged by achieving a credit
  balance sheet and now have £3bn of excess capital to be                   ratings upgrade to double A status.
  deployed in 2018-19.                                                   • As we concluded the fix phase, our balance sheet is well
• Completion of our strategy to dispose of FPI, Spain, Taiwan and           positioned, with a £300 million share repurchase programme and
  Banco Populare (Italy partnership). This signals the business             repayment of £500 million of hybrid debt without refinancing
  moving from ‘fix’ in to a ‘growth’ phase.                                 completed in 2017.
• Solid progress made in Digital as Aviva increased active               • We completed announcements on our programme of business
  registrations by 44% and launched Ask it Never – providing                exits, allowing stronger focus on major growth markets from 2018
  quotes to UK home insurance customers with no questions                   onwards. This included exits of Spain, Taiwan, Antarius, FPI and
  asked. Digital intellectual property has contributed to long term,        Banco Popolare.
  significant partnership announcements with Tencent, Royal Bank         • We began our bolt-on merger and acquisitions activity with the
  of Canada and HSBC.                                                       accretive acquisition of Friends First in Ireland.
• Launched a solution to the unsustainable UK market practice of         • Accelerating change activity to improve the finance function,
  pricing new business below that of renewing business. Once the            reduce costs and apply zero based budgeting principles across
  test pilot is complete, it will reward loyal customers and increase       Aviva.
  trust in the brand.
• Our UK Life, Health and General Insurance businesses have been
  brought together under a common leadership. Execution of this
  change has been effective as the UK business has grown
  adjusted operating profits2 well above its target range as well as
  growing sales in every major product line.
• Employee engagement remains strong up 1% at 75%. In 2017



                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        75
                                       Strategic report                           Governance                      IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                       Continued


Mark Wilson                                                                                                     Tom Stoddard
   Aviva announced a ground breaking equal parental leave policy,
   promoting equal opportunities for all.


Bonus award: £1,945,114                                                                                         Bonus award: £996,800
Bonus as a % of basic salary: 188%                                                                              Bonus as a % of basic salary: 140%
Bonus as a % of max opportunity: 94%                                                                            Bonus as a % of max opportunity: 93%
Andy Briggs                                                                                                     Maurice Tulloch
In 2017 Andy Briggs became CEO of Aviva UK Insurance combining                                                  Maurice Tulloch commenced his new role as CEO International
our UK based Life, GI and Health businesses. Key results include:                                               Insurance in 2017, and his key deliveries included:
• Strong financial performance in UKI with double digit adjusted                                                • Achieving double digit operating profit2 growth across France,
  operating profit2 growth, new business trading growth across all                                                Poland, Ireland and Turkey.
  product segments and net cash remittances2.                                                                   • Strengthened market leadership in Italy and Canada,
• Above target underlying performance and improved employee                                                       demonstrating the strength of talent in our businesses by making
  engagement delivered despite the integration of our UK                                                          new internal appointments to the roles of CEO in Canada and in
  franchises in to a single UK Insurance business.                                                                Italy.
• Progress made via True Customer Composite (TCC) among large                                                   • Growth continued in Ireland and our acquisition of Friends First
  corporate customers. Over 70% profit and 75% of new business                                                    will improve our life insurance position.
  in the corporate segment is now coming from companies with                                                    • Energised our Global Corporate & Specialty business, delivering a
  more than one line of business with Aviva.                                                                      new strategy, significant top and bottom line growth, and a
• Broad based growth across our major product lines, for example                                                  business rebrand.
  2 times growth in long term savings net fund flows and greater                                                • Finalised our disposals in Europe, delivering a total value of €1.3
  than 3 times increase in bulk purchase annuities sales.                                                         billion, through selective exits in Spain, France and Italy.
• Long term distribution agreement with HSBC put in place.                                                      • Maintained robust risk and controls environment across markets,
• Strong balance sheet management and progress in improving                                                       rolling out the Group operational risk control and management
  the control environment.                                                                                        framework.



Bonus award: £1,022,000                                                                                         Bonus award: £456,3993
Bonus as a % of basic salary: 140%                                                                              Bonus as a % of basic salary: 120%
Bonus as a % of max opportunity: 93%                                                                            Bonus as a % of max opportunity: 80%
1 This measure is derived from the Group adjusted operating profit APM. Further details of this measure are included in the ‘Other information’ section.
2 This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements
  (where possible), can be found in the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
3 The bonus award shown here relates to Maurice’s qualifying services as a director of Aviva from 20 June 2017 when he was appointed as an ED.




                                                                                 Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                    76
                                        Strategic report                          Governance                        IFRS financial statements                       Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                          Continued


2015 LTIP vesting in respect of performance period 2015-2017
All references to RoE represent RoE calculated as IFRS profit after tax and non-controlling interest but excluding investment variances,
economic assumption changes, pension scheme income/ charge over average IFRS equity (excluding pension scheme net surplus/ deficit).
The RoE1 and TSR outcome for the 2015 LTIP are detailed in the table below. 36.9% of the award will vest in March 2018.

8     2015 LTIP award – performance conditions
                                                                                                                            Threshold                                        Maximum                                    Vesting
                                                                                                    Weighting              (20% vests)                                    (100% Vests)             Outcome      (% of Maximum)
                         1
RoE Performance                                                                                        50%                  24.5%                                   30%         28.2%                                 36.9%
Relative TSR Performance                                                                               50%                 Median               Upper quintile and above Between rank                                    0%
                                                                                                                                                                            13 and 14
1   2015 RoE performance outcome has been adjusted to exclude the positive impact of the £300m share buyback which then increases shareholders’ equity and further excludes the re-measurement loss on FPI and Taiwan
    which will be recognised in 2018 upon completion of the sale.

Quality of Earnings Assessment – 2017 Remuneration Decisions
The Committee discussed those items that impacted the overall results in 2017 including foreign exchange, acquisitions and dispositions,
life assumption and modelling changes, prior year reserve development, and other items that are one-off in nature. This provides the
Committee with an understanding of the core profitability of the business taking these factors into account.

9     Awards granted during the year (audited information)
Share and option awards granted to EDs during the year are set out below.
                                                                                                                                                     Threshold               Maximum
                                                                                Award              Face Value               Face Value           Performance             Performance                  End of    End of vesting/
                                                      Date of Award              Type1      (% of basic salary)                     (£)2      (% of face value)       (% of face value)   Performance period    holding period

Mark Wilson                                     27 Mar 2017                     LTIP                  300%             £3,028,197                       20%                   100%          31 Dec 2019        27 Mar 2022
                                                27 Mar 2017                     ABP                   121%             £1,224,735                        N/A                                                   27 Mar 2020
Tom Stoddard                                    27 Mar 2017                     LTIP                  225%             £1,564,311                       20%                   100%          31 Dec 2019        27 Mar 2022
                                                27 Mar 2017                     ABP                    90%              £625,723                         N/A                                                   27 Mar 2020
Andy Briggs                                     27 Mar 2017                    LTIP                  225%              £1,603,420                       20%                   100%          31 Dec 2019        27 Mar 2022
                                                27 Mar 2017                    ABP                     87%              £617,609                         N/A                                                   27 Mar 2020
                                                14 Oct 2016                  AESOP                   0.39%                 £2,762                        N/A                                                   12 Dec 2020
Maurice Tulloch                                 27 Mar 2017                     LTIP                  225%             £1,516,282                       20%                   100%          31 Dec 2019        27 Mar 2022
                                                27 Mar 2017                     ABP                    67%              £453,489                         N/A                                                   27 Mar 2020
1   The ABP and LTIP awards have been granted as share awards. LTIP is a conditional right to receive shares based on a three-year performance period, with an additional two-year holding period. ABP represents the portion of
    the 2016 bonus deferred into shares for three years. AESOP includes partnership, matching and dividend share awards which vest after three years. Further details are provided at tables 17 and 19.
2   Face value for the awards granted on 27 March 2017 has been calculated using the average of the middle-market closing price of an Aviva ordinary share on the three consecutive business days immediately preceding the date
    of grant, on 27 March 2017 (530.00 pence). The AESOP has been calculated using the average price achieved at purchase of the partnership shares throughout 2017 (515.29 pence).


RoE targets for awards made in 2017
RoE targets determine the vesting of 50% of the LTIP award and are set annually within the context of the Company’s three-year business
plan. Vesting depends upon performance over the three-year period against a target return. The 2017 targets are provided below.
     RoE is calculated as the IFRS profit after tax and non-controlling interest, but excluding the impact of amortisation of acquired value of
in force business, investment variances, pension scheme income/charge and economic assumption changes, over average IFRS equity
(excluding pension scheme net surplus/deficit) attributable to the ordinary shareholders of the Company.

10 2017 LTIP RoE targets
Achievement of RoE1 targets over the three-year performance period                                                Percentage of shares in award that vests based on achievement of RoE1 targets

Less than 28.8%                                                                                                   0%
28.8%                                                                                                             10%
Between 28.8% and 35.2%                                                                                           Pro-rata between 10% and 50% on a straight line basis
35.2% and above                                                                                                   50%

TSR targets for awards made in 2017
Relative TSR determines the vesting of the other 50% of the LTIP award. Performance for the 2017 grant will be assessed against the
following companies: Aegon, Allianz, Assicurazioni Generali, AXA, CNP Assurances, Direct Line Group, Legal & General, MetLife, NN Group,
Old Mutual, Prudential, RSA Insurance Group, Standard Life Aberdeen and Zurich Financial.
     The performance period for the TSR performance condition will be the three years beginning 1 January 2017. For the purposes of
measuring the TSR performance condition, the Company’s TSR and that of the comparator group will be based on the 90-day average TSR
for the period immediately preceding the start and end of the performance period. The vesting schedule is set out in the table below.

11 TSR vesting schedule for the 2017 LTIP award
TSR position over the three-year performance period                                                               Percentage of shares in award that vests based on achievement of TSR targets

Below Median                                                                                                      0%
Median                                                                                                            10%
Between median and upper quintile                                                                                 Pro-rata between 10% and 50% on a straight line basis
Upper quintile and above                                                                                          50%




                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     77
                                       Strategic report                          Governance                     IFRS financial statements                    Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                       Continued


Payments to past directors (audited information)
Russell Walls retired from the Board with effect from 8 May 2013.
• Russell was appointed as a NED of Aviva Italia Holdings S.p.A on 4 December 2014 and on 30 April 2015 was appointed as Chair.
• On 13 April 2015 Russell was appointed as a NED of Aviva Annuity UK Limited, Aviva Life Holdings UK Limited, Aviva Life & Pensions UK
  Limited, Aviva Life Services UK Limited, Aviva Administration Limited, Friends Life and Pensions Limited and Friends Life Limited each of
  which are subsidiary companies of Aviva plc. Russell subsequently stepped down from Aviva Life Services UK Limited and Aviva
  Administration Limited on 29 December 2017.
• On 31 October 2017 Russell was also appointed as a NED of Aviva Insurance Limited, also a subsidiary companies of Aviva plc.
• The emoluments he received in respect of these directorships for the 2017 financial year were £131,837 and €90,000.

Scott Wheway retired from the Board with effect from 31 December 2016.
• Scott was appointed as a NED of Aviva Insurance Limited on 13 April 2015 and stepped down on 30 September 2017.
• The emoluments he received in respect of this directorship for the 2017 financial year were £78,750.

Payments for loss of office (audited information)
There were no payments for loss of office made during the year.

12 Total 2017 remuneration for non-executive directors (audited information)
Table below sets out the total remuneration earned by each NED who served during 2017, for Group-related activities.

                                                                         Fees                           Benefits1                      Aviva plc total                  Subsidiaries fees                       Group total
                                                      2017               2016             2017              2016             2017               20162            2017               2016            2017              2016
                                                      £000               £000             £000              £000             £000                £000            £000               £000            £000              £000

Chairman
Sir Adrian Montague                                   550               550                67                77             617                627                —                  —             617               627
Non-executive directors
Claudia Arney4                                        140                84                 1                 2             141                 86               40                  —             181                86
Glyn Barker                                           164               137                 3                 3             167                140               —                   —             167               140
Patricia Cross                                        128               127                 —                 2             128                129               53                  —             181               129
Belén Romana García                                   105               105                 8                11             113                116                1                  —             114               116
Michael Hawker                                        138               138                 —                —              138                138               15                  —             153               138
Michael Mire                                          117               117                 1                 2             118                119               —                   —             118               119
Keith Williams4                                       124                44                 3                 1             127                 45               —                   —             127                45
Former non-executive
  directors3
Bob Stein                                               44              120                  5               16               49               136                —                  —               49              136
Sir Malcolm Williamson                                  56              152                  2                7               58               159                —                  —               58              159
Total emoluments of NEDs                           1,566              1,574                90              121            1,656             1,695               109                  —          1,765             1,695
1   Benefits include the gross taxable value of expenses relating to accommodation, travel and other expenses incurred on Company business in accordance with our expense policy and may vary year-on-year dependent on the
    time required to be spent in the UK.
2   The prior year total has been recalculated to show the directors that continued in office during all or part of the current year and excludes remuneration of directors that left in the prior year.
3   Bob Stein and Sir Malcolm Williamson stepped down from the Board at the 2017 AGM.
4   2017 reflects Claudia and Keith’s first full year on the Board.


The total amount paid in fees to NEDs in 2017 was £1,656,000, which is within the limits set in the Company’s Articles of Association, as
previously approved by shareholders.

Subsidiary company board memberships
During the year, the following NEDs were appointed as Directors of subsidiary companies to support and further enhance the flow of
information between material subsidiaries and the Group. The additional emoluments received in respect of these roles are detailed below:
• Claudia Arney received an additional fee of £40,000 (2016: nil) in respect of her duties as a Board member of Aviva UK Digital Limited
  (UKD). Claudia first joined the Board of UKD as a NED on 1 January 2017 and on 14 September 2017 was appointed as Chair.
• Patricia Cross received an additional fee of £52,808 (2016: nil) in respect of her duties as a Board member of Aviva Investors Holdings
  Limited (AIH). Patricia first joined the Board of AIH as a NED on 1 January 2017 and on 20 September 2017 was appointed as Senior
  Independent Director.
• Belén Romana García received an additional fee of €1,068 (2016: nil) in respect of her duties as a Board member of Aviva Italia Holding
  S.p.A. Belén joined the Board on 19 December 2017.
• During 2017, Michael Hawker received an additional fee of £15,000 (2016: nil) in respect of his duties as a Board member of Aviva Life
  Holdings UK Limited. Michael stepped down from his role on 31 March 2017.




                                                                                Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                   78
                                                     Strategic report                          Governance                     IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                                     Continued


Percentage change in remuneration of Group CEO
The table below sets out the increase in the basic salary, bonus and benefits of the Group CEO and that of the wider workforce. The UK
employee workforce was chosen as a suitable comparator group, as the Group CEO and the majority of EDs are based in the UK (albeit with
global responsibilities), and pay changes across the Group vary widely depending on local market conditions.

13 Percentage change in remuneration of Group CEO
                                                                                                                              % change in basic salary 2016-2017          % change in bonus 2016-2017          % change in benefits 2016-2017

Group CEO                                                                                                                                               2.5%                                  5.9%                                   7.3%
All UK-based employees                                                                                                                                  3.6%                                  8.6%                                  -0.7%
Note: The higher bonus outcomes seen for UK-based employees reflects the stronger performance of the major UK businesses compared to that seen in 2016. The change in the CEO’s benefits from £99,000 in 2016 to £107,000 in
2017 includes travel, overnight accommodation and meals which HMRC treats as taxable benefits and not business expenses in the ordinary course of his role.


Historical TSR performance and Group CEO remuneration outcomes
Table 14 compares the TSR performance of the Company over the past nine years against the TSR of the FTSE 100 Return Index. This index
has been chosen because it is a recognised equity market index of which Aviva is a member. In addition, median TSR performance for the
LTIP comparator group has been shown. The companies which comprise the current LTIP comparator group for TSR purposes are listed in
the ‘TSR Targets’ section on page 77.

14 Aviva plc nine-year TSR performance against the FTSE 100 index and the median of the comparator group

                                 Aviva                FTSE 100                  Comparator group median


                           350

                           300




    TSR (rebased to 100)
                           250

                           200

                           150

                           100

                            50

                             0
                                   2008                2009                 2010                  2011              2012                 2013                 2014                 2015                     2016               2017

Table 15 summarises the Group CEO single figure for total remuneration, annual bonus pay-out and LTIP vesting as a percentage of
maximum opportunity over this period.

15 Historical Group CEO remuneration outcomes
                                                         Group CEO                         2009             2010             2011              2012                2013           2014             2015               2016              2017

Annual bonus payout (as a % Mark Wilson1                                                     —                —                —                 —             75%            86.7%              91%                 91%              94%
of maximum opportunity)     Andrew Moss2                                               74.2%             72.3%           81.7%                   —                  —               —                   —               —                 —
LTIP vesting (as a % of                                  Mark Wilson                         —                —                —                 —                  —               —            53%               41.3%           36.9%
maximum opportunity)                                     Andrew Moss                   50.0%             72.3%           81.7%                   —                  —               —                   —               —                 —
Group CEO single figure of                               Mark Wilson                         —                —                —                 —            2,615            2,600            5,438              4,523            4,334
remuneration (£000)                                      Andrew Moss                     2,591           2,748             3,477              554                   —               —                   —               —                 —
1                  Mark joined the Board as an ED with effect from 1 December 2012, and became Group CEO on 1 January 2013. He received no emoluments in respect of 2012.
2                  Andrew resigned from the Board with effect from 8 May 2012 and left the Company on 31 May 2012.




                                                                                              Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                                 79
                                        Strategic report                            Governance                      IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                         Continued


Relative importance of spend on pay
Table 16 outlines Group adjusted operating profit after integration and restructuring costs, dividends paid to shareholders and buybacks
compared to overall spend on pay (in total and per capita). This measure of profit has been chosen as it is used for decision making and the
internal performance management of the Group’s operating segments.

16 Relative importance of spend on pay
                                                                                                                                                                Year end            Year end           Year end
                                                                                                                                                            31 December         31 December        31 December                  %
                                                                                                                                                                   2015                2016               2017     change between
                                                                                                                                                                      £m                  £m                 £m        2016 & 2017

Group adjusted operating profit1,2                                                                                                                                2,309              2,798              2,927                 5%
Dividends paid3                                                                                                                                                     635                871                983                13%
Share buybacks4                                                                                                                                                      —                  —                 300                  —
Total staff costs5                                                                                                                                                1,628              1,764              1,942                10%
1   Group adjusted operating profit is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) which is used by the Group to supplement the required disclosures under IFRS. Please refer to note B in the ‘Accounting Policies’ section and to the
    ‘Other Information’ section within the Annual report and accounts for further information
2   After integration and restructuring costs.
3   The total cost of ordinary dividends paid to shareholders.
4   A share buy-back of ordinary shares for an aggregate purchase price of £300 million was undertaken during the year, as described in more detail in note 14. There were no share buy-backs in 2015 or 2016.
5   Total staff costs from continuing operations includes wages and salaries, social security costs, post-retirement obligations, profit sharing and incentive plans, equity compensation plans and termination benefits. The average
    number of employees in continuing operations was 30,090 (2017) and 29,653 (2016).


External board appointments
• Tom Stoddard was a Trustee of Trout Unlimited (a non-profit conservation organisation) but resigned from this position 30 June 2017.
• Andy Briggs is the Chair of the Association of British Insurers, on the Board of Trustees of the NSPCC and the Government’s Business
    Champion for Older Workers.
• Maurice Tulloch is a Director of Pool Reinsurance Company Limited.

Neither Tom nor Andy received any fees or other compensation for these appointments. Maurice received £41,500 in respect of his
directorship during the year.

Statement of directors’ shareholdings and share interests
EDs shareholding requirements
The Company requires the Group CEO to build a shareholding in the Company equivalent to 300% of basic salary and each ED to build a
shareholding in the Company equivalent to 150% of basic salary.
• The EDs are required to retain 50% of the net shares released from ABP and LTIP awards until the shareholding requirement is met.
• The shareholding requirement needs to be built up over a five-year period.
• Unvested share awards, including shares held in connection with bonus deferrals, are not taken into account in applying this test.

17 Executive directors – shareholding requirement (audited information)
                                                         Shares held                                                   Options held4
                                                             Unvested and
                                                                 subject to           Unvested and             Unvested and                                        Shareholding                  Current
                                                              performance       subject to continued     subject to continued              Vested but               requirement             Shareholding 5             Requirement
Executive Directors              Owned Outright1                conditions2             employment3              employment              not exercised              (% of salary)            (% of salary)                     met

Mark Wilson6                         607,429                1,698,819                   626,841                       6,179                        —                       300                      297                       No
Tom Stoddard                         199,964                  877,578                   300,907                          —                         —                       150                      142                       No
Andy Briggs                          241,498                  899,518                   209,040                       5,128                        —                       150                      168                       Yes
Maurice Tulloch7                     306,710                  808,134                   192,147                          —                         —                       150                      220                       Yes
1   Directors’ beneficial holdings in the ordinary shares of the Company. This information includes holdings of any connected persons. For Andy Briggs it also includes partnership shares purchased under the AESOP, under which
    participants can currently contribute up to £150 every month. Shares are purchased on a monthly basis, and have to be held in the AESOP trust for three years. These vest after three years providing the ED does not leave and
    the related partnership shares are not withdrawn from the AESOP trust.
2   Awards granted under the Aviva LTIP which vest only if the performance conditions are achieved.
3   Awards arising through the ABP. Under this plan, some of the earned bonuses are paid in the form of conditional shares and deferred for three years. The transfer of the shares to the director at the end of the period is not
    subject to the attainment of performance conditions but the shares can be forfeited if the ED leaves service before the end of the period.
4   Savings-related options (without performance conditions) over shares granted under the SAYE plan.
5   Based on the closing middle-market price of an ordinary share of the Company on 29 December 2017 of 506.5 pence. The closing middle-market price of an ordinary share of the Company during the year ranged from 470.6
    pence to 544 pence.
6   Mark will meet his shareholding requirement after the vesting of the 2015 ABP and LTIP awards.
7   Maurice’s basic salary and benefits are set in Canadian dollars and have been converted to sterling using an average exchange rate for 2017.


There were no changes to the EDs interests in Aviva shares during the period 1 January 2018 to 6 March 2018, with the exception of Andy
Briggs’ continued participation in the AESOP.




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      80
                                      Strategic report                         Governance           IFRS financial statements   Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                      Continued


18 Non-executive directors’ shareholdings1 (audited information)
                                                                                                                                                    1 January   31 December
                                                                                                                                                         2017          20171

Sir Adrian Montague                                                                                                                                 33,082        42,385
Claudia Arney                                                                                                                                       14,000        14,000
Glyn Barker                                                                                                                                         11,700        22,700
Patricia Cross                                                                                                                                       7,000        12,383
Belén Romana García                                                                                                                                     —            790
Michael Hawker                                                                                                                                      20,000        20,000
Michael Mire                                                                                                                                        50,000        50,000
Keith Williams                                                                                                                                          —         10,000
Former non-executive directors2
Bob Stein                                                                                                                                           21,000        21,000
Sir Malcolm Williamson                                                                                                                              41.421        41,421
1   This information includes holdings of any connected persons.
2   Bob Stein and Sir Malcolm Williamson stepped down from the Board at the 2017 AGM.


There were no changes to the NEDs interests in Aviva shares during the period 1 January 2018 to 6 March 2018.




                                                                               Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                  81
                                        Strategic report                            Governance                      IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                          Continued




Share awards and share options
Details of the EDs who were in office for any part of the 2017 financial year and hold or held outstanding share awards or options over
ordinary shares of the Company pursuant to the Company’s share based incentive plans are set out in table 19. EDs are eligible to
participate in the Company’s broad based employee share plans on the same basis as other eligible employees. Details of awards and
options granted to EDs under these plans are also included in tables 5, 9 and 17 (and SAYE options are included in table 19). More
information around HMRC tax-advantaged plans can also be found in note 31.

19 LTIP, ABP, CFO award and options over Aviva shares (audited information)
                                                                                                                                                                              Market price at
                                                               Options/ Options/ awards        Options/ awards                          Market price at                         date awards
                                                          awards granted exercised/ vesting      lapsing during    At 31 December         date awards       Exercise price    vested/ option                                 Normal
                                     At 1January 2017        during year1       during year                year              2017             granted2          (options)          exercised                           vesting date/
                                             number              number            number              number              number             number               pence              pence                          exercise period5

Mark Wilson
LTIP3, 4
2014                                      601,226                  —             282,1297           352,919                  —               476.40                                525.50                                Mar-17
2015                                      521,276                  —                  —                  —              521,276              535.00                                    —                                 Mar-18
2016                                      606,185                  —                  —                  —              606,185              475.20                                    —                                 Mar-19
2017                                           —              571,358                 —                  —              571,358              523.00                                    —                                 Mar-20
ABP
2014                                      150,306                  —             170,7807                    —               —               476.40                                525.50                                Mar-17
2015                                      150,591                  —                  —                      —          150,591              535.00                                    —                                 Mar-18
2016                                      245,168                  —                  —                      —          245,168              475.20                                    —                                 Mar 19
2017                                           —              231,082                 —                      —          231,082              523.00                                    —                                 Mar-20
SAYE6
2014                                          3,615                   —                  —                   —             3,615                   —            419.00                    —                 Dec 19 – May 20
2016                                          2,564                   —                  —                   —             2,564                   —            351.00                    —                 Dec 19 – May 20
Tom Stoddard
LTIP3, 4
2014                                      310,582                  —            142,7477            182,312                  —               564.50                                525.50                                Mar-17
2015                                      269,281                  —                  —                  —              269,281              535.00                                    —                                 Mar-18
2016                                      313,144                  —                  —                  —              313,144              475.20                                    —                                 Mar-19
2017                                           —              295,153                 —                  —              295,153              523.00                                    —                                 Mar-20
ABP
2015                                       62,228                  —                     —                   —           62,228              535.00                                       —                              Mar-18
2016                                      120,618                  —                     —                   —          120,618              475.20                                       —                              Mar-19
2017                                           —              118,061                    —                   —          118,061              523.00                                       —                              Mar-20
Aviva CFO Award
2014                                        98,232                    —         113,0597                     —                  —            564.50                                538.50                      Jul 15 – Jul 17
Andy Briggs
LTIP3, 4
2015                                      276,014                  —                     —                   —          276,014              535.00                                       —                              Mar-18
2016                                      320,972                  —                     —                   —          320,972              475.20                                       —                              Mar-19
2017                                           —              302,532                    —                   —          302,532              523.00                                       —                              Mar-20
ABP
2016                                        92,510                 —                     —                   —           92,510              475.20                                       —                              Mar-19
2017                                            —             116,530                    —                   —          116,530              523.00                                       —                              Mar-20
SAYE
20166                                         5,128                   —                  —                   —             5,128                   —            351.00                    —                Dec-19 – May-20
Maurice Tulloch
LTIP3, 4
2014                                      212,167                  —              99,5607           124,542                  —               476.40                                525.50                                Mar-17
2015                                      212,765                  —                   —                 —              212,765              535.00                                    —                                 Mar-18
2016                                      309,278                  —                   —                 —              309,278              475.20                                    —                                 Mar-19
2017                                           —              286,091                  —                 —              286,091              523.00                                    —                                 Mar-20
ABP
2014                                        42,433                 —              48,2137                    —               —               476.40                                525.50                                Mar-17
2015                                        43,439                 —                   —                     —           43,439              535.00                                    —                                 Mar-18
2016                                        63,144                 —                   —                     —           63,144              475.20                                    —                                 Mar 19
2017                                            —              85,564                  —                     —           85,564              523.00                                    —                                 Mar-20
1   The aggregate net value of share awards granted to the EDs in the period was £10.6 million (2016: £8.1 million). The net value has been calculated by reference to the closing middle-market price of an ordinary share of the
    Company at the date of grant.
2   The actual price used to calculate the ABP and LTIP awards is based on a three-day average closing middle-market price of an ordinary share of the Company, prior to grant date. These were in 2014: 489 pence, 2015: 564
    pence, 2016: 485 pence and 2017: 530 pence. The actual price used to calculate the CFO Award is based on a three-day average closing middle-market price of an ordinary share of the Company, prior to employment start
    date, which was 509 pence.
3   For the 2014 LTIP grant, the TSR comparator group consisted of the following companies: Aegon, Allianz, Assicurazioni Generali, Axa, CNP Assurances, Direct Line Group, FLG, Legal & General, Met Life, Old Mutual, Prudential,
    RSA Insurance Group, Standard Life and Zurich Financial. For the 2015, 2016 and 2017 LTIP grant, the TSR comparator group consisted of the following companies: Aegon, Allianz, Assicurazioni Generali, Axa, CNP Assurances,
    Direct Line Group, Legal & General, MetLife, NN Group, Old Mutual, Prudential, RSA Insurance Group, Standard Life and Zurich Financial.
4   The performance periods for these awards begin at the commencement of the financial year in which the award is granted and run for a three-year period.
5   Any unexercised options will lapse at the end of the exercise period.
6   Options are not subject to performance conditions. The option price was fixed by reference to a three day average closing middle-market price of an ordinary share of the Company, prior to invitation date, with a discount of
    20% as permitted under the SAYE plan. Options granted under the SAYE are normally exercisable during the six-month period following the end of the relevant (3 or 5 year) savings contract.
7   The shares comprised in these vested awards include shares issued in lieu of dividends accrued during the deferral period.




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      82
                                      Strategic report                     Governance           IFRS financial statements                  Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                     Continued


Dilution
Awards granted under Aviva employee share plans are generally met by issuing new shares as agreed by the Board. Shares are still held in
employee trusts, details of which are set out in note 32.
    The Company monitors the number of shares issued under the Aviva employee share plans and their impact on dilution limits. The
Company’s usage of shares compared to the relevant dilution limits set by the Investment Association in respect of all share plans (10% in
any rolling ten-year period) and executive share plans (5% in any rolling ten-year period) was 1.65% and 2.73% respectively on
31 December 2017.

Governance Regulatory Remuneration Code
Aviva Investors and two small ‘firms’ (as defined by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)) within the UK Insurance business are subject to
the Capital Requirements Directive IV (CRD IV) and the FCA Remuneration Code (SYSC 19A). Additionally, there are two Aviva Investors
‘firms’ in the UK, Friends Life Funds Limited and Aviva Investors UK Funds Limited, subject to the Alternative Investment Fund Management
Directive (AIFMD) and the Undertakings for Collective Investments in transferrable securities (UCITS) directive. Remuneration Code
requirements include an annual disclosure. For AIFMD and UCITs the disclosure is part of the Financial Statements and/or Annual accounts
of the Alternative Investment Funds or UCITs. For CRD IV requirements the Aviva Investors disclosure can be found in Section 5 of the Pillar 3
Disclosure which can be found at www.aviva.com/pillar3 and a link to the disclosure for the UK Insurance firms can be found at
www.aviva.com/remuneration-committee.

Solvency II remuneration
Remuneration Requirements (PRA PS22/16 & SS10/16) apply to the Aviva Group. Our remuneration structures have been designed in a way
so that they are compliant with these requirements for all senior managers across the Group, not just those identified as being specifically
covered by the requirements of the regulation. Such employees at Aviva are termed ‘Covered Employees’. We are required to complete a
Remuneration Policy Statement, which outlines how we have complied with each of the requirements. This document was approved by the
Group Remuneration Committee and submitted to the Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA).
    The Solvency II reporting requirements for the year ended 31 December 2017 necessitate firms to produce the Solvency and Financial
Condition Report (SFCR) which contains remuneration information and is publicly available.
    Aviva’s reward principles and arrangements are designed to incentivise and reward employees for achieving stated business goals in a
manner that is consistent with the Company’s approach to sound and effective risk management.

Statement of voting at AGM
The result of the shareholder vote at the Company’s 2017 AGM in respect of the 2016 Directors’ Remuneration Report (DRR) is set out in
table 20.

20 Result of the vote at the 2017 AGM
                                                                                                     Percentage of votes cast                                Number of votes cast
                                                                                                             For                 Against               For                Against         Votes withheld

Directors’ Remuneration Policy1                                                                       97.46%                    2.54% 2,379,508,415               61,947,024            82,821,178
Directors’ Remuneration Report                                                                        97.70%                    2.30% 2,783,050,269               65,392,949             2,480,449
1   Voting on Remuneration Policy at 2015 AGM.


Following the 2017 AGM, the Committee Chair continued dialogue with major institutional shareholders.

Approach to NED fees for 2018
NED fees are reviewed annually. No changes were made to the current fee levels, as set out in the table below:

21 Non-executive directors’ fees
Role                                                                                                                                          Fee from 1 April 2018                 Fee from 1 April 2017

Chairman of the Company1                                                                                                                             £550,000                              £550,000
Board membership fee                                                                                                                                  £70,000                               £70,000
Additional fees are paid as follows:
Senior Independent Director                                                                                                                            £35,000                               £35,000
Committee Chair (inclusive of committee membership fee):
• Audit                                                                                                                                                £45,000                               £45,000
• Governance                                                                                                                                           £35,000                               £35,000
• Remuneration                                                                                                                                         £35,000                               £35,000
• Risk                                                                                                                                                 £45,000                               £45,000
Committee membership:
• Audit                                                                                                                                                £15,000                               £15,000
• Governance                                                                                                                                           £12,500                               £12,500
• Nomination                                                                                                                                            £7,500                                £7,500
• Remuneration                                                                                                                                         £12,500                               £12,500
• Risk                                                                                                                                                 £15,000                               £15,000
1   Inclusive of Board membership fee and any committee membership fees.




                                                                           Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                              83
                                        Strategic report                              Governance                    IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Directors’ remuneration report                        Continued


22 Implementation of Policy in 2018
The implementation of the Policy will be consistent with that outlined in table 1.

Key Element
Phasing                  2018               2019                2020               2021               2022         Implementation in 2018

Salary                                                                                                             • Group CEO – £1,065,674 per annum.
                                                                                                                   • CFO – £733,360 per annum.
                                                                                                                   • CEO UKI – £751,900 per annum.
                                                                                                                   • CEO International – CAD1,231,880 per annum.
Bonus                                                                                                              • Three financial metrics.
                                                                                                                   • One strategic Digital First metric, focusing on two elements: growth in
                                                                                                                     customers with Multiple Product Holding (MPH) and in the number of
                                                                                                                     MyAviva active customers.
                                                                                                                   • For the financial element, a quality of earnings assessment will be
                                                                                                                     undertaken by the Committee to provide assurance that bonus payouts
                                                                                                                     appropriately reflect the shareholder experience.
                                                                                                                   • Performance against a number of other non-financial measures will be
                                                                                                                     considered when determining bonus payouts (employee engagement,
                                                                                                                     customer and risk).
                                                                                                                   • Personal performance during the year will be taken into account.
                   Performance measures and weightings
                   • 30% Operating EPS1                                                                            • 15% Cash Remittance
                   • 25% Operating Capital Generation2                                                             • 30% progress on strategy – Digital First
LTIP                                                                                                               • Group CEO – 300% of salary.
                                                                                                                   • CFO, CEO UKI and CEO International– 225% of salary.
                                                                                                                   • LTIP awards will only be granted subject to shareholder approval of the
                                                                                                                     Policy at the 2018 AGM.
                                                                                                                   • Subject to performance against two performance measures, which have
                                                                                                                     been chosen to reflect shareholders’ long-term interests, as detailed below.
                                                                                                                     Shares are typically subject to a two-year holding period after vesting.
                                                                                                                   • Operating EPS1 is defined in the other information section and is subject to
                                                                                                                     two gateway hurdles – Operating RoE2 and SII Shareholder Cover Ratio.
                                                                                                                   • TSR – Measured against a comparator group3.
                                                          50% Operating EPS1 target                                                                                    50% TSR target

                   Three-year Operating EPS1 growth                    Vesting level                                       TSR Ranking                                         Vesting level

                   Less than 4.0% p.a.                                 0%                                                  Below median                                        0%
                   4.0% p.a                                            10%                                                 Median                                              10%
                   Between 4.0% p.a.                                   10-50% (straight line)                              Between median and                                  Pro rata between 10% and 50%
                     and 10.0% p.a.                                                                                        upper quintile                                      on a straight line basis
                   10.0% p.a and above                                 50%                                                 Upper quintile and above                            50%
1   This measure is derived from the Group adjusted operating profit APM. Further details of this measure are included in the ‘Other information’ section.
2   This is an APM which provides useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. Further information on APM’s, including a reconciliation to the financial statements (where possible), can be found in
    the ‘Other Information’ section of the Annual report and accounts.
3   2018 LTIP Comparator Group: Aegon, Allianz, Assicurazioni Generali, Axa, CNP Assurances, Direct Line Group, Legal & General, Lloyds Banking Group, Old Mutual, Phoenix, Prudential, RSA, Standard Life Aberdeen, Zurich
    Insurance.


LTIP vesting – gateway hurdle conditions for the element linked to Operating EPS1
Any vesting of the Operating EPS1 element of the LTIP is subject to two gateway hurdles – Operating RoE2 and SII Shareholder Cover Ratio.
For 2018, the Operating RoE2 hurdle is 12% p.a. and the SII Shareholder Cover Ratio is to meet or exceed the minimum of the stated working
range (currently 150% to 180%).

Approval by the Board
This Directors’ Remuneration Report was reviewed and approved by the Board on 7 March 2018.




Patricia Cross
Chair, Remuneration Committee




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      84
                         Strategic report            Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information




IFRS financial statements
In this section
Independent auditors’ report                                   86          30     Ordinary share capital                            159
Accounting policies                                            93          31     Group’s share plans                               160
                                                                           32     Treasury shares                                   163
Consolidated financial statements                                          33     Preference share capital                          163
Consolidated income statement                                106           34     Direct capital instrument and tier 1 notes        164
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income               107           35     Merger reserve                                    165
Reconciliation of Group operating profit to profit for       108           36     Currency translation and other reserves           165
the year                                                                   37     Retained earnings                                 165
Consolidated statement of changes in equity                  110           38     Non-controlling interests                         166
Consolidated statement of financial position                 111           39     Contract liabilities and associated reinsurance   166
Consolidated statement of cash flows                         112           40     Insurance liabilities                             167
                                                                           41     Liability for investment contracts                177
Notes to the consolidated financial statements                             42     Financial guarantees and options                  178
1      Prior period adjustments                              113           43     Reinsurance assets                                180
2      Exchange rates                                        113           44     Effect of changes in assumptions and              182
3      Subsidiaries                                          113                  estimates during the year
4      Segmental information                                 117           45     Unallocated divisible surplus                     183
5      Details of income                                     124           46     Tax assets and liabilities                        184
6      Details of expenses                                   125           47     Pension deficits and other provisions             185
7      Finance costs                                         126           48     Pension obligations                               186
8      Long-term business economic volatility                126           49     Borrowings                                        192
9      Longer-term investment return and economic            128           50     Payables and other financial liabilities          195
       assumption changes for non-long-term                                51     Other liabilities                                 195
       business                                                            52     Contingent liabilities and other risk factors     195
10     Employee information                                  130           53     Commitments                                       197
11     Directors                                             130           54     Group capital management                          198
12     Auditors’ remuneration                                131           55     Statement of cash flows                           200
13     Tax                                                   132           56     Risk management                                   201
14     Earnings per share                                    134           57     Derivative financial instruments and hedging      212
15     Dividends and appropriations                          135           58     Financial assets and liabilities subject to       214
16     Goodwill                                              136                  offsetting, enforceable master netting
17     Acquired value of in-force business (AVIF) and        138                  arrangements and similar agreements
       intangible assets                                                   59     Related party transactions                        215
18     Interests in, and loans to, joint ventures            139           60     Organisational structure                          216
19     Interests in, and loans to, associates                140           61     Related undertakings                              218
20     Property and equipment                                142           62     Subsequent events                                 228
21     Investment property                                   143
22     Fair value methodology                                143           Financial statements of the Company
23     Loans                                                 149           Income statement                                         229
24     Securitised mortgages and related assets              150           Statement of comprehensive income                        229
25     Interest in structured entities                       151           Statement of changes in equity                           230
26     Financial investments                                 153           Statement of financial position                          231
27     Receivables                                           157           Statement of cash flows                                  232
28     Deferred acquisition costs, other assets,             157           Notes to the Company’s financial statements              233
       prepayments and accrued income
29     Assets held to cover linked                           158
       liabilities




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        85
                          Strategic report            Governance          IFRS financial statements      Other information


Independent auditors’ report


Report on the audit of the financial statements
Opinion
In our opinion, Aviva plc’s Group financial statements and Company financial statements (the ‘financial statements’):
• give a true and fair view of the state of the Group’s and of the Company’s affairs as at 31 December 2017 and of the Group’s and the
  Company’s profit and cash flows for the year then ended;
• have been properly prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRSs’) as adopted by the European Union; and
• have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and, as regards the Group financial statements,
  Article 4 of the IAS Regulation.
We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual report and accounts (the ‘Annual report’) which comprise:
• the Consolidated and Company statements of financial position as at 31 December 2017;
• the Consolidated and Company income statements and statements of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
• the Reconciliation of Group adjusted operating profit to profit for the year then ended;
• the Consolidated and Company statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows for the year then ended;
• the principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the financial statements; and
• the notes to the financial statements which include other explanatory information.
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit Committee.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (‘ISAs (UK)’) and applicable law. Our responsibilities
under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Independence
We remained independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, as applicable to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
    To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard were not provided
to the Group or the Company.
    Other than those disclosed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, we have provided no non-audit services to the Group or
the Company in the period from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017.

Our audit approach
Overview
• Overall Group materiality: £147 million (2016: £140 million), based on 5% of Group adjusted operating profit before tax attributable to
  shareholders’ profits after the deduction of integration and restructuring costs.
• Overall Company materiality: £56 million (2016: £69 million), based on 5% of profit before tax from continuing operations.
• Based on the output of our risk assessment, along with our understanding of the Aviva Group structure, we performed full scope audits
  over the following components; UK Life, UK General Insurance, Canada, Italy Life and France Life.
• We identified a further two components, Aviva Investors and Poland Life, where specific account balances were considered to be
  significant in size in relation to the Group, and scoped our audit to include detailed testing of those account balances.
• We also performed audit procedures over the head office operations and the consolidation process, as well as over certain UK service
  companies, including Aviva Employment Services and Aviva Group Holdings.
• Our risk assessment analysis identified the following as areas of focus :
  ė Valuation of life insurance contract liabilities (Group).
  ė Valuation of non- life insurance contract liabilities (Group).
  ė Valuation of hard to value investments (Group).
  ė Valuation of investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures (Company).

The scope of our audit
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements. In
particular, we looked at where the directors made subjective judgements, for example in respect of significant accounting estimates that
involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. We gained an understanding of the legal and
regulatory framework applicable to the Group and the industry in which it operates, and considered the risk of acts by the Group which
were contrary to applicable laws and regulations, including fraud.
    We designed audit procedures at Group and significant component level to respond to this risk, recognising that the risk of not
detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion.
    We focussed on laws and regulations that could give rise to a material misstatement in the Group financial statements, including but
not limited to, the Companies Act 2006, the Listing Rules, the Prudential Regulation Authority’s regulations, UK tax legislation and
equivalent local laws and regulations applicable to significant components. Our tests included, but were not limited to, review of the
financial statement disclosures to underlying supporting documentation, review of correspondence with the regulators, review of
correspondence with legal advisors, enquiries of management, review of significant component auditors' work and review of internal audit
reports in so far as they related to the financial statements.
    There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above and the further removed non-compliance with laws and
regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely we would become aware of it.
    We did not identify any key audit matters relating to irregularities, including fraud. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of
management override of internal controls, including testing journals and evaluating whether there was evidence of bias by the directors
that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.

                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        86
                                           Strategic report                               Governance                       IFRS financial statements                            Other information


Independent auditors’ report                        Continued


Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in the auditors’ professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial
statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud)
identified by the auditors, including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the
audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters, and any comments we make on the results of our procedures
thereon, were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
not provide a separate opinion on these matters. This is not a complete list of all risks identified by our audit.
Key audit matter                                                                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of life insurance contract liabilities (Group)
Refer to the Audit Committees’ Report, Accounting policy (L) Insurance and participating investment contract liabilities – Long- term business provisions and Note (40) Insurance liabilities (b) Long-term business liabilities.

For UK Life insurance contract liabilities, the Directors’                                                    The work to address the valuation of the UK Life insurance contract
valuation of the provisions for the settlement of future                                                      liabilities included the following procedures:
claims, involves complex and subjective judgements about                                                      • We understood the governance process in place to determine the
future events, both internal and external to the business, for                                                   insurance contract liabilities, including testing the associated financial
which small changes in assumptions can result in material                                                        reporting control framework.
impacts to the valuation of these liabilities.                                                                • We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls over the
                                                                                                                 accuracy and completeness of data used.
                                                                                                              • Using our actuarial specialist team members, we applied our industry
                                                                                                                 knowledge and experience and we compared the methodology,
                                                                                                                 models and assumptions used against recognised actuarial practices.
                                                                                                              • We tested the key judgements and controls over the liability, including
                                                                                                                 the preparation of the manually calculated components. We focussed
                                                                                                                 on the consistency in treatment and methodology period-on-period
                                                                                                                 and with reference to recognised actuarial practice.
                                                                                                              • We used the results of an independent PwC annual benchmarking
                                                                                                                 survey of assumptions to further challenge the assumption setting
                                                                                                                 process by comparing certain assumptions used relative to the
                                                                                                                 Group’s industry peers.
                                                                                                              • We assessed the disclosures in the financial statements.
                                                                                                              As part of our consideration of the entire set of assumptions, we
                                                                                                              focussed particularly on the Annuitant Mortality, Credit Default and
                                                                                                              Expense assumptions for the UK Life component given their significance
                                                                                                              to the Group’s result and the level of judgement involved. These have
                                                                                                              been considered in greater detail below.
                                                                                                              Based on the work performed and the evidence obtained, we consider the
                                                                                                              assumptions used to be appropriate.
Refer to the Audit Committees’ Report, Accounting policy (L) Insurance and participating investment contract liabilities – Long- term business provisions and Note (40) Insurance liabilities (b) Long-term business liabilities.

Annuitant Mortality Assumptions (Group)                                                                       In addition to the procedures above, in respect of the annuitant
Annuitant mortality assumptions require a high degree of                                                      mortality assumptions:
judgement due to the number of factors which may                                                              • We tested the methodology used by management to derive the
influence mortality experience. The differing factors which                                                     assumptions with reference to relevant rules and actuarial guidance
affect the assumptions are underlying mortality experience                                                      and by applying our industry knowledge and experience. This
(in the portfolio), industry and management views on the                                                        included evaluating management’s choice of, and fitting to, the CMI
future rate of mortality improvements and external factors                                                      base tables and the adoption of the CMI 2016 model and dataset for
arising from developments in the annuity market.                                                                improvements and the margin for prudence.
                                                                                                              • We assessed the results of the experience investigations carried out by
There are two main components to the annuitant mortality
                                                                                                                UK Life management for the annuity business to determine whether
assumptions:                                                                                                    they provided support for the assumptions used by management.
• Mortality base assumption: this component is typically less
                                                                                                              • We compared the mortality assumptions selected by UK Life against
  subjective as it is derived using the external Continuous                                                     those used by their peers.
  Mortality Investigation (CMI) tables, adjusted for internal
  experience. However, judgement is required in choosing the       Based on the work performed and the evidence obtained, we consider the
  appropriate table and fitting internal experience to this table. assumptions used for annuitant mortality to be appropriate.
• Rate of mortality improvements: this component is more
  subjective given the lack of data and the uncertainty over
  how life expectancy will change in the future. Management
  has adopted the most recent CMI 2016 model and dataset
  in setting this assumption with specific adjustments to
  reflect the profile of their portfolio and their views on the
  rate of mortality improvements.

In addition, a margin for prudence is applied to the
annuitant mortality assumptions.
Refer to the Audit Committees’ Report, Accounting policy (L) Insurance and participating investment contract liabilities – Long- term business provisions and Note (40) Insurance liabilities (b) Long-term business liabilities.




                                                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                            87
                                           Strategic report                               Governance                       IFRS financial statements                            Other information


Independent auditors’ report                        Continued


Key audit matter                                                                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Credit default assumptions for illiquid assets,                                                               In addition to the procedures above, in respect of the credit default
specifically: Commercial mortgages and equity release                                                         assumptions:
mortgages (Group)                                                                                             • We tested the methodology and credit risk pricing models used by
UK Life has substantial holdings in asset classes with                                                          management for commercial and equity release mortgages to derive
significant credit risk, notably commercial mortgages and                                                       the assumptions with reference to relevant rules and actuarial
equity release mortgages.                                                                                       guidance, including the adoption of an appropriate prudence margin
                                                                                                                and by applying our industry knowledge and experience.
Management use an active approach to setting the                                                              • We validated significant assumptions used by management by
assumptions. A long term deduction for credit default is                                                        ensuring consistency with the assumptions used for the valuation of
made from the current market yields and a supplementary                                                         the assets, and against market observable data (to the extent
allowance is also held to cover the risk of higher short term                                                   available and relevant) and our experience of market practices.
default rates along with a margin for prudence.
                                                                                                              Based on the work performed and the evidence obtained, we consider the
                                                                                                              assumptions for credit default risk to be appropriate.
Refer to the Audit Committees’ Report, Accounting policy (L) Insurance and participating investment contract liabilities – Long- term business provisions and Note (40) Insurance liabilities (b) Long-term business liabilities.


Expense Assumptions (Group)                                    In addition to the procedures above, in respect of the expense
Future maintenance expenses and expense inflation              assumptions:
assumptions are used in the measurement of insurance           • We tested the methodology used by management to derive the
contract liabilities. The assumptions reflect the expected       assumptions with reference to relevant rules and actuarial guidance
future expenses that will be required to maintain the in-force   and by applying our industry knowledge and experience. This
policies at the balance sheet date, including an allowance for included testing the split of expenses between acquisition and
project costs and a margin for prudence. The assumptions         maintenance by agreeing a sample to supporting evidence.
used require significant judgement.                            • We validated significant assumptions used by management, including
                                                                 the margin for prudence and the rate of inflation against past
                                                                 experience, market observable data (to the extent available and
                                                                 relevant) and our experience of market practices.
                                                               • We have tested that the assumptions appropriately reflect the
                                                                 expected future expenses for maintaining policies in force at the
                                                                 balance sheet date, which includes consideration of the allowance for
                                                                 project costs.
                                                                                                              Based on the work performed and the evidence obtained, we consider the
                                                                                                              assumptions for expense risk to be appropriate.
Valuation of non-life insurance contract liabilities (Group)
Refer to the Audit Committees’ Report, Accounting policy (L) Insurance and participating investment contract liabilities-General insurance and health provisions and Note (40) Insurance liabilities (c) General insurance and health
liabilities.

The estimation of non-life insurance contract liabilities      In the UK General Insurance and Canada markets, we assessed the
involves a significant degree of judgement. The liabilities areDirectors’ calculation of the non-life insurance liabilities by performing
based on the estimated ultimate cost of all claims incurred    the following procedures:
but not settled at 31 December 2017, whether reported or       • We tested the underlying data to source documentation on a sample
not, together with the related claims handling costs.            basis.
                                                               • Using our actuarial specialist team members, we applied our industry
A range of methods, including stochastic projections, may be knowledge and experience and we compared the methodology,
used to determine these provisions. Underlying these
                                                                 models and assumptions used against recognised actuarial practices.
methods are a number of explicit or implicit assumptions       • We understood and tested the governance process in place to
relating to the expected settlement amount and settlement
                                                                 determine the insurance contract liabilities, including testing the
patterns of claims. This includes assumptions relating to the    associated financial reporting control framework.
settlement of personal injury lump sum compensation
                                                               • Using our actuarial specialist team members, we independently
amounts.                                                         estimated the reserves on selected classes of business, particularly
Given their size in relation to the consolidated Group and the   focusing on the largest and most uncertain reserves. For these classes
complexity of the judgements involved, our work focussed         we compared our estimated reserves to those booked by
on the liabilities in the UK General Insurance and Canada        management, and sought to understand any significant differences.
General Insurance components.                                  • For the remaining classes we evaluated the methodology and
                                                                 assumptions, or performed a diagnostic check to identify and
                                                                 investigate any anomalies.
                                                               • We assessed the disclosures in the financial statements.
                                                                                                              Based on the work performed and evidence obtained, we consider the
                                                                                                              methodology and assumptions used to value the non-life insurance
                                                                                                              contract liabilities to be appropriate.




                                                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                            88
                                         Strategic report                              Governance                      IFRS financial statements                          Other information


Independent auditors’ report                      Continued


Key audit matter                                                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of hard to value investments (Group)
Refer to Audit Committees’ Report, Accounting policies (F), (T) and (U) and Note 22 Fair Value methodology, Note 24 Securitised mortgages and related assets and Note 26 Financial Investments.

The valuation of the investment portfolio involves judgement We assessed the Directors’ approach to valuation for these hard to value
and continues to be an area of inherent risk. The risk is not investments by performing the following procedures:
uniform for all investment types and is greatest for the      • We agreed data inputs to underlying documentation on a sample
following, where the investments are hard to value because      basis.
quoted prices are not readily available:                      • We evaluated the methodology and assumptions used by
• Commercial mortgage loans (UK Life).                          management, including yield curves, discounted cash flows, property
• Equity release and UK securitised mortgage loans (UK Life).   growth rates, longevity and liquidity premiums as relevant to each
• Structured bond-type investments (France Life).               asset class.
• Collateralised loan obligations and non-recourse loans (UK • We tested the operation of data integrity and change management
  Life).                                                        controls for the models, which we baseline every three years.
                                                              • Using our valuation experts, we performed independent valuations for
                                                                a sample of collateralised loans, non-recourse loans and structured
                                                                bonds.
                                                              • We assessed the disclosures in the financial statements.
                                                                                                          Based on the work performed and the evidence obtained, we consider the
                                                                                                          assumptions used by management to be appropriate.
Valuation of investments in subsidiaries and joint venture (Company)
Refer to Financial statements of the Company and Note A-Investment in subsidiaries and joint venture.

In the Company's statement of financial position,             In respect to the fair value of investments in subsidiaries and joint
subsidiaries and joint venture are reported at fair value     venture:
estimated using applicable valuation models underpinned       • We understood and tested the methodology in place to determine the
by the company's market capitalisation.                         fair value of investments in subsidiaries and joint venture.
                                                              • We tested adjustments made to the market capitalisation and
The determination of the fair value is a judgemental area and
                                                                underlying data inputs on a sample basis.
the investments in subsidiaries and joint venture together    • Used our valuation experts, to assess and test the appropriateness for
comprise the largest assets in the parent company’s
                                                                inclusion of selected comparable companies used in the multiples
statement of financial position.                                based valuation model, on a sample basis.
                                                              • We assessed the disclosures in the financial statements.
                                                                                                          Based on the work performed and the evidence obtained, we consider the
                                                                                                          assumptions used by management to value investments in subsidiaries
                                                                                                          and joint venture to be appropriate.

How we tailored the audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed sufficient work to be able to give an opinion on the financial statements as a
whole, taking into account the structure of the Group and the Company, the financial reporting process and controls, and the industry in
which they operate.
    Using the outputs of our risk assessment, along with our understanding of Aviva, we scoped our audit based on the significance of the
results and financial position of individual components relative to the Group result and financial position. In doing so, we also considered
qualitative factors and ensured we had obtained sufficient coverage across all financial statement line items in the consolidated financial
statements. Our scoping provided us with audit coverage of over 80% for both IFRS profit before tax and Group adjusted operating profit
before tax and after the deduction of integration and restructuring costs (2016: 78%). We also obtained audit coverage of 80% for Gross
Written Premiums (2016: 80%) and 84% for Total Assets (2016: 84%).
    The Group’s primary reporting format aggregates individual components into market reporting lines with supplementary information
being given by business activity. The operating segments or ‘markets’ of the Group are ‘United Kingdom’ (Life and General Insurance),
France, Poland, ‘Italy, Ireland, Spain and Other’, Canada, Asia, Aviva Investors and ‘Other Group Activities’. In establishing the overall
approach to the Group audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be performed at each of the components by us, as the Group
audit team, or auditors of the components within PwC UK or from other PwC network firms operating under our instructions.
    As the Group audit team, we determined the level of involvement required at those components to be able to conclude whether
sufficient and appropriate audit evidence had been obtained as a basis for our opinion on the financial statements as a whole. In our role as
Group auditors, we exercised oversight of work performed by auditors of the components including performing the following procedures:
• Maintained an active dialogue with reporting component audit teams throughout the year, including holding a workshop for those teams
  in London during the planning phase of the audit;
• Visited all in-scope components and undertook a detailed review of audit working papers;
• Attended meetings with local management; and
• Attended certain component Audit Committee meetings.




                                                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                         89
                          Strategic report           Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Independent auditors’ report   Continued


Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for materiality. These,
together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit
procedures on the individual financial statement line items and disclosures and in evaluating the effect of misstatements, both individually
and in aggregate on the financial statements as a whole.
   Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole as follows:
                                               Group financial statements                        Company financial statements
Overall materiality                            £147 million (2016: £140 million).                £56 million (2016: £69 million).
How we determined it                           5% of Group adjusted operating profit          5% of IFRS profit before tax from continuing
                                               before tax attributable to shareholders’       operations (rounded up to the nearest
                                               profits after the deduction of integration and £’million).
                                               restructuring costs (rounded up to the
                                               nearest £’million).
Rationale for benchmark applied                In determining our materiality, we            In determining our materiality, we considered
                                               considered financial metrics which we         financial metrics which we believed to be
                                               believed to be relevant, and concluded,       relevant, and concluded, consistent with last
                                               consistent with last year that Group adjusted year that profit before tax was the most
                                               operating profit before tax and after the     relevant benchmark as the Company is profit-
                                               deduction of integration and restructuring    orientated and users of the financial
                                               costs was the most relevant benchmark.        statements will be focussed on this
                                                                                             benchmark.
                                               Group adjusted operating profit presents a
                                               longer-term assessment of the performance
                                               of the entity which is more in line with the
                                               operations and time horizons of an insurer
                                               where insurance contracts and customer
                                               relationships span over multiple years.
                                               We have concluded that it is appropriate to
                                               deduct integration and restructuring costs
                                               as Aviva incur a base level of restructuring
                                               costs, even outside times of significant
                                               restructuring.

For each component in the scope of our Group audit, we allocated a materiality that is less than our overall Group materiality. The range of
materiality allocated across components was between £30 million and £120 million. Certain components were audited to a local statutory
audit materiality that was also less than our overall Group materiality.
    We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified during our audit above £5 million (Group
audit) (2016: £5 million) and £2.8 million (Company audit) (2016: £3.45 million) as well as misstatements below those amounts that, in our
view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.

Going concern
In accordance with ISAs (UK) we report as follows:
Reporting obligation                                                     Outcome
We are required to report if we have anything material to add or         We have nothing material to add or to draw attention to. However,
draw attention to in respect of the directors’ statement in the          because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this
financial statements about whether the directors considered it           statement is not a guarantee as to the Group’s and the Company’s
appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in            ability to continue as a going concern.
preparing the financial statements and the directors’ identification
of any material uncertainties to the Group’s and the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern over a period of at least
twelve months from the date of approval of the financial
statements.
We are required to report if the directors’ statement relating to        We have nothing to report.
Going Concern in accordance with Listing Rule 9.8.6R(3) is
materially inconsistent with our knowledge obtained in the audit.

Reporting on other information
The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual report other than the financial statements and our auditors’ report
thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other
information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, any form
of assurance thereon.




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        90
                          Strategic report           Governance          IFRS financial statements    Other information


Independent auditors’ report   Continued


    In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise
appears to be materially misstated. If we identify an apparent material inconsistency or material misstatement, we are required to perform
procedures to conclude whether there is a material misstatement of the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other
information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report based on these responsibilities.
    With respect to the Strategic report and Directors’ and corporate governance report, we also considered whether the disclosures
required by the UK Companies Act 2006 have been included.

Based on the responsibilities described above and our work undertaken in the course of the audit, the Companies Act 2006, (CA06), ISAs
(UK) and the Listing Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) require us also to report certain opinions and matters as described
below (required by ISAs (UK) unless otherwise stated).

Strategic report and Directors’ and corporate governance report
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, the information given in the Strategic report and Directors’ and
corporate governance report for the year ended 31 December 2017 is consistent with the financial statements and has been prepared in
accordance with applicable legal requirements. (CA06)
    In light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and Company and their environment obtained in the course of the audit, we
did not identify any material misstatements in the Strategic report and Directors’ and corporate governance report. (CA06)

The directors’ assessment of the prospects of the Group and of the principal risks that would threaten the solvency or liquidity of the
Group
We have nothing material to add or draw attention to regarding:
• The directors’ confirmation on page 43 of the Annual report that they have carried out a robust assessment of the principal risks facing
  the Group, including those that would threaten its business model, future performance, solvency or liquidity.
• The disclosures in the Annual report that describe those risks and explain how they are being managed or mitigated.
• The directors’ explanation on page 59 of the Annual report as to how they have assessed the prospects of the Group, over what period
  they have done so and why they consider that period to be appropriate, and their statement as to whether they have a reasonable
  expectation that the Group will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period of their
  assessment, including any related disclosures drawing attention to any necessary qualifications or assumptions.
We have nothing to report having performed a review of the directors’ statement that they have carried out a robust assessment of the
principal risks facing the Group and statement in relation to the longer-term viability of the Group. Our review was substantially less in
scope than an audit and only consisted of making inquiries and considering the directors’ process supporting their statements; checking
that the statements are in alignment with the relevant provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code (the ‘Code’); and considering
whether the statements are consistent with the knowledge and understanding of the Group and Company and their environment obtained
in the course of the audit. (Listing Rules)
Other Code Provisions
We have nothing to report in respect of our responsibility to report when:
• The statement given by the directors, on page 60, that they consider the Annual report taken as a whole to be fair, balanced and
  understandable, and provides the information necessary for the members to assess the Group’s and the Company’s position and
  performance, business model and strategy is materially inconsistent with our knowledge of the Group and the Company obtained in the
  course of performing our audit.
• The section of the Annual report on page 53 describing the work of the Audit Committee does not appropriately address matters
  communicated by us to the Audit Committee.
• The directors’ statement relating to the Company’s compliance with the Code does not properly disclose a departure from a relevant
  provision of the Code specified, under the Listing Rules, for review by the auditors.
Directors’ Remuneration
In our opinion, the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies
Act 2006. (CA06)
Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit
Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements
As explained more fully in the Directors’ Responsibilities Statement set out on page 60, the directors are responsible for the preparation of
the financial statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view. The
directors are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
    In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
    A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website at:
www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditors’ report.

                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       91
                                         Strategic report                            Governance                      IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Independent auditors’ report                     Continued


Use of this report
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the Company’s members as a body in accordance with Chapter 3 of
Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving these opinions, accept or assume responsibility for any
other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our
prior consent in writing.

Other required reporting
Companies Act 2006 exception reporting
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
• we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or
• adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from
  branches not visited by us; or
• certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
• the Company financial statements and the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited are not in agreement with the
  accounting records and returns.

We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.

Appointment
Following the recommendation of the audit committee, we were appointed by the members on 3 May 2012 to audit the financial
statements for the year ended 31 December 2012 and subsequent financial periods. The period of total uninterrupted engagement is 6
years, covering the years ended 31 December 2012 to 31 December 2017.



Marcus Hine (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
London
7 March 2018




1   The maintenance and integrity of the Aviva plc website is the responsibility of the directors; the work carried out by the auditors does not involve consideration of these matters and, accordingly the auditors accept no
    responsibility for any changes that may have occurred to the full annual financial statements since they were initially presented on the website.
2   Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       92
                          Strategic report             Governance           IFRS financial statements       Other information


Accounting policies


Aviva plc (the ‘Company’), a public limited company incorporated            (iii) Amendments to IFRS 12: Disclosure of Interests in Other
and domiciled in the United Kingdom (UK), together with its                       Entities
subsidiaries (collectively, the ‘Group’ or ‘Aviva’) transacts life                The amendments to IFRS 12, which form part of the IASB’s
assurance and long-term savings business, fund management and                     annual improvements process for the 2014-2016 cycle, clarify
most classes of general insurance and health business through its                 existing guidance. The adoption of these amendments does
subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and branches in the UK,                  not have an impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
Ireland, continental Europe, Canada, Asia and other countries                     statements as the clarifications are consistent with our
throughout the world.                                                             existing interpretation.
     The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of
these financial statements are set out below. These policies have           Standards, interpretations and amendments to published
been consistently applied to all years presented, unless otherwise          standards that are not yet effective and have not been adopted
stated.                                                                     early by the Group or the Company
                                                                            The following new standards, amendments to existing standards
                                                                            have been issued, are not yet effective and have not been adopted
(A) Basis of preparation
                                                                            early by the Group or the Company:
The consolidated financial statements and those of the Company
have been prepared and approved by the Directors in accordance
                                                                            (i)    IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (including amendments to
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as endorsed
                                                                                   IFRS 4, Insurance Contracts)
by the European Union (EU), and those parts of the Companies Act
                                                                                    In July 2014, the IASB published IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
2006 applicable to those reporting under IFRS. The consolidated
                                                                                    which will replace IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition
financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost
                                                                                    and Measurement. The standard incorporates new
convention, as modified by the revaluation of land and buildings,
                                                                                    classification and measurements requirements for financial
investment property, available-for-sale financial assets, and
                                                                                    assets, the introduction of an expected credit loss impairment
financial assets and financial liabilities (including derivative
                                                                                    model which will replace the incurred loss model of IAS 39,
instruments) at fair value through profit or loss.
                                                                                    and new hedge accounting requirements. Under IFRS 9, all
    In accordance with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts, the Group has
                                                                                    financial assets will be measured at either amortised cost or
applied existing accounting practices for insurance and
                                                                                    fair value. The basis of classification will depend on the
participating investment contracts, modified as appropriate to
                                                                                    business model and the contractual cash flow characteristics
comply with the IFRS framework and applicable standards. Further
                                                                                    of the financial assets. The standard retains most of IAS 39’s
details are given in accounting policy G.
                                                                                    requirements for financial liabilities except for those
    Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s
                                                                                    designated at fair value through profit or loss whereby that
entities are measured in the currency of the primary economic
                                                                                    part of the fair value changes attributable to own credit is to
environment in which that entity operates (the functional currency).
                                                                                    be recognised in other comprehensive income instead of the
The consolidated financial statements are stated in pounds sterling,
                                                                                    income statement. The hedge accounting requirements are
which is the Company’s functional and presentational currency.
                                                                                    more closely aligned with risk management practices and
Unless otherwise noted, the amounts shown in these financial
                                                                                    follow a more principle based approach.
statements are in millions of pounds sterling (£m). The separate
                                                                                          In September 2016, the IASB published amendments to
financial statements of the Company are on pages 229 to 238.
                                                                                    IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts that address the accounting
    Comparative figures have been restated for adjustments as
                                                                                    consequences of the application of IFRS 9 to insurers prior to
detailed in note 1.
                                                                                    implementing the new accounting standard for insurance
New standards, interpretations and amendments to published
                                                                                    contracts, IFRS 17, which replaces IFRS 4. The amendments
standards that have been adopted by the Group                                       introduce two options for insurers: the deferral approach and
The Group has adopted the following amendments to standards                         the overlay approach. The deferral approach provides an
which became effective for the annual reporting period beginning                    entity, if eligible, with a temporary exemption from applying
on 1 January 2017.                                                                  IFRS 9 until 1 January 2021 at the latest. The overlay approach
                                                                                    allows an entity to remove from profit or loss the effects of
(i) Narrow scope amendments to IAS 12 – Recognition of Deferred                     some of the accounting mismatches that may occur before
    Tax Assets for Unrealised Losses                                                the new insurance contracts standard is applied.
    The revisions to IAS 12 Income Taxes clarify the accounting for                       The Group is eligible to apply the deferral approach as its
    deferred tax assets on unrealised losses and state that deferred                activities are predominantly connected with insurance, as
    tax assets should be recognised when an asset is measured at                    defined by the amendments to IFRS 4. The Group has opted to
    fair value and that fair value is below the asset’s tax base. It also           apply this deferral from 2018.The impact of the adoption of
    provides further clarification on the estimation of probable                    IFRS 9 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements will,
    future taxable profits that may support the recognition of                      to a large extent, have to take into account the interaction
    deferred tax assets.                                                            with the new insurance contracts standard IFRS 17. As such, it
         The adoption of this amendment does not have an impact                     is not possible to fully assess the effect of the adoption of IFRS
    on the Group’s consolidated financial statements as the                         9. IFRS 9 has been endorsed by the EU.
    clarifications are consistent with our existing interpretation.                       IFRS 9 is effective for the Company from 1 January 2018 as
                                                                                    it is not eligible to apply the deferral option available to
(ii) Amendments to IAS 7 – Disclosure Initiative                                    insurers. The adoption of IFRS 9 is not expected to have a
     The amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, which form                    significant impact on the Company’s balance sheet.
     part of the IASB’s Disclosure Initiative, require disclosure of the
     movements in liabilities arising from financing activities with        (ii)   IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts
     cash and non-cash changes presented separately.                                In May 2017, the IASB published IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, a
         The adoption of this amendment does not have an impact                     comprehensive new accounting standard for insurance
     on the Group’s consolidated financial statements as the Group                  contracts covering recognition and measurement,
     already voluntarily discloses this information in note 49.                     presentation and disclosure. Once effective, IFRS 17 will
                                                                                    replace IFRS 4 that was issued in 2005. IFRS 17 applies to all

                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          93
                          Strategic report             Governance           IFRS financial statements      Other information


Accounting policies      Continued


      types of insurance contracts as well as to certain guarantees               Entities and IAS 28 Investments in Associates. The amendments
      and financial instruments with discretionary participation                  to IFRS 1 and IAS 28 are effective for annual reporting periods
      features. In contrast to the requirements in IFRS 4, which are              beginning on or after 1 January 2018; the amendment to IFRS
      largely based on grandfathering of previous local accounting                12 for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1
      policies, IFRS 17 provides a comprehensive and consistent                   January 2017. These amendments have been endorsed by the
      approach to insurance contracts. The core of IFRS 17 is the                 EU.
      general model, supplemented by a specific adaption for
      contracts with direct participation features (the variable fee        (vii) Amendments to IAS 40 – Transfers of Investment Property
      approach) and a simplified approach (the premium allocation                 In December 2016, the IASB published amendments to IAS 40
      approach) mainly for short-duration contracts.                              Investment Property. The amendments are effective from 1
           The main features of the new accounting model for                      January 2018 and have not yet been endorsed by the EU.
      insurance contracts are, as follows: the measurement of the
      present value of future cash flows incorporating an explicit risk     (viii) IFRIC 22, Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance
      adjustment and remeasured every reporting period (the                        Consideration
      fulfilment cash flows); a contractual service margin that is                  In December 2016, the IASB published IFRIC 22 Foreign
      equal and opposite to any day one gain in the fulfilment cash                 Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration. The
      flows of a group of contracts, representing the unearned profit               standard is effective for annual reporting beginning on or after
      of the insurance contracts to be recognised in profit or loss                 1 January 2018 and has not yet been endorsed by the EU.
      over the service period (coverage period); the presentation of
      insurance revenue and insurance service expenses in the               (ix) IFRIC 23, Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
      statement of comprehensive income based on the concept of                   In June 2017, the IASB published IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over
      insurance services provided during the period; and extensive                Income Tax Treatments. The standard is effective for annual
      disclosures to provide information on the recognised amounts                reporting beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and has not yet
      from insurance contracts and the nature and extent of risks                 been endorsed by the EU.
      arising from these contracts.
           The impact of the adoption of IFRS 17 has yet to be fully        (x)   Amendments to IAS 19 – Plan Amendment, Curtailment or
      assessed by the Group but it is expected there will be                      Settlement
      significant impacts relating to the measurement and                         In February 2018, the IASB published Plan Amendment,
      presentation of the contracts in scope of the standard. This                Curtailment or Settlement (Amendments to IAS 19). The
      standard applies to annual reporting periods beginning on or                amendments are effective for annual reporting beginning on
      after 1 January 2021 and has not yet been endorsed by the EU.               or after 1 January 2019 and have not yet been endorsed by the
                                                                                  EU.
(iii) IFRS 16, Leases
       In January 2016, the IASB published IFRS 16 Leases which will        (B) Group adjusted operating profit
       replace IAS 17 Leases. IFRS 16 introduces a definition of a          The long-term nature of much of the Group’s operations means
       lease with a single lessee accounting model eliminating the          that, for management’s decision-making and internal performance
       classification of either operating or finance leases. Lessees will   management of our operating segments, the Group focuses on
       be required to account for all leases in a similar manner to the     Group adjusted operating profit, a non-GAAP alternative
       current finance lease accounting recognising lease assets and        performance measure (APM) which is not bound by IFRS. The APM
       liabilities on the statement of financial position. Lessor           incorporates the expected return on investments which supports its
       accounting remains similar to current practice. The impact of        long-term and non-long-term businesses.
       the adoption of IFRS 16 has yet to be fully assessed by the              Group adjusted operating profit for long-term business is based
       Group. This standard applies to annual reporting periods             on expected investment returns on financial investments backing
       beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and has been endorsed           shareholder and policyholder funds over the reporting period, with
       by the EU.                                                           allowance for the corresponding expected movements in liabilities.
                                                                            Variances between actual and expected investment returns, and the
The following new standards, amendments to existing standards               impact of changes in economic assumptions on liabilities, are
have been issued, are not yet effective and are not expected to have        disclosed separately outside Group adjusted operating profit. For
a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial                  non-long-term business, the total investment income, including
statements:                                                                 realised and unrealised gains, is analysed between that calculated
                                                                            using a longer-term return and short-term fluctuations from that
(iv) IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers                         level. The exclusion of short-term realised and unrealised
      In May 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts           investment gains and losses from the Group adjusted operating
      with Customers. This standard applies to annual reporting             profit APM reflects the long-term nature of much of our business and
      periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018 and has been             presents separately the operating profit APM which is used in
      endorsed by the EU.                                                   managing the performance of our operating segments from the
                                                                            impact of economic factors. Further details of this analysis and the
(v)   Amendments to IFRS 2: Classification and Measurement of               assumptions used are given in notes 8 and 9.
      Share-based Payment Transactions                                          Group adjusted operating profit is presented before and after
      In June 2016, the IASB issued amendments to IFRS 2 Share-             integration and restructuring costs with further details of
      based Payment. The amendments are effective from 1 January            restructuring costs provided in note 6.
      2018 and have not yet been endorsed by the EU.                            Group adjusted operating profit also excludes impairment of
                                                                            goodwill, associates and joint ventures; amortisation and
(vi) Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2014-2016                                 impairment of other intangibles; amortisation and impairment of
     These improvements consist of amendments to three IFRSs                acquired value of in-force business; and the profit or loss on
     including IFRS 1 First-time Adoption of International Financial        disposal and remeasurement of subsidiaries, joint ventures and
     Reporting Standards, IFRS 12 Disclosure of Interests in Other          associates. These items principally relate to mergers and acquisition


                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         94
                          Strategic report                  Governance                IFRS financial statements           Other information


Accounting policies      Continued


activity which we view as strategic in nature, hence they are                                                                                   Accounting
                                                                                      Item                      Critical accounting estimates     policy     Note
excluded from the operating profit APM as this is principally used to
                                                                                                        past claims experience can be used
manage the performance of our operating segments when reporting                                         as a basis to project future claims
to the Group’s chief operating decision maker. Other items are those                                    (estimated using a range of standard
items that, in the Directors’ view, are required to be separately                                       actuarial claims projection
disclosed by virtue of their nature or incidence to enable a full                                       techniques).
understanding of the Group’s financial performance. Details of these                  Acquired value AVIF is recognised, amortised and              O           17
items, including an explanation of the rationale for their exclusion,                 of in-force    tested for impairment by reference
are provided in the ‘Other information’ section.                                      business (AVIF)to the present value of estimated
    The Group adjusted operating profit APM should be viewed as                       and intangible future profits. Other intangible
                                                                                      assets         assets are recognised and tested for
complementary to IFRS GAAP measures. It is important to consider
                                                                                                     impairment using an income
Group adjusted operating profit and profit before tax together to                                    approach method. Significant
understand the performance of the business in the period.                                            estimates include forecast cash
                                                                                                     flows, discount rates and
(C) Critical accounting policies and the use of                                                      determination of useful lives.
estimates                                                                             Fair value of  Where quoted market prices are not           F,T,U      22,26
                                                                                      financial      available, valuation techniques are
Critical accounting policies                                                          instruments    used to value financial instruments
The preparation of financial statements requires the Group to select                  and investment and investment property. These
accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that                           property       include broker quotes and models
affect items reported in the consolidated income statement,                                          using both observable and
consolidated statement of financial position, other primary                                          unobservable market inputs. The
statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements.                                       valuation techniques involve
                                                                                                     judgement with regard to the
    The Audit Committee reviews the reasonableness of judgements
                                                                                                     valuation models used and the
and assumptions applied and the appropriateness of significant                                       inputs to these models can lead to a
accounting policies. The significant issues considered by the                                        range of plausible valuation for
Committee in the year are included within the Audit Committee                                        financial investments.
Report on page 52.                                                                    Deferred          Management use estimation                   X           28
    The following accounting policies are those that have the most                    acquisition       techniques to determine the
significant impact on the amounts recognised in the financial                         costs             amortisation profile and impairment
statements, with those judgements involving estimation                                                  test by reference to the present
                                                                                                        value of estimated future profits.
summarised there after.
                                                                                                        These tests are sensitive to expense
Item                        Critical accounting judgement         Accounting policy                     and lapse assumptions.
Consolidation    Assessment of whether the Group controls                         D
                 the underlying entities including                                  During the year management reassessed the critical estimates
                 consideration of its decision making                               previously provided and, based on their assessment of qualitative
                 authority and rights to the variable returns                       and quantitative risk factors, resolved to remove goodwill
                 from the entity
                                                                                    impairment, impairment of financial assets, provisions and
Insurance and    Assessment of the significance of insurance                      G contingent liabilities, pension obligations and deferred income
participating    risk transferred to the Group in
investment       determining whether a contract should be
                                                                                    taxes.
contract         accounted for as insurance or investment
liabilities      contract                                                             (D) Consolidation principles
Financial        Classification of investments including the                      T   Subsidiaries
investments      application of the fair value option                      Subsidiaries are those entities over which the Group has control.
                                                                           The Group controls an investee if and only if the Group has all of the
All estimates are based on management’s knowledge of current               following:
facts and circumstances, assumptions based on that knowledge and • power over the investee,
their predictions of future events and actions. Actual results may         • exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with
differ from those estimates, possibly significantly.                          the investee, and
     The table below sets out those items considered particularly          • the ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
susceptible to changes in estimates and assumptions, and the
relevant accounting policy and note disclosures.                           The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in
                                                                           assessing whether it has power over an investee, including: the
                                                          Accounting
Item                        Critical accounting estimates   policy   Note  purpose and design of an investee, relevant activities, substantive
Measurement of Principal assumptions used in the              L        40b and protective rights, and voting rights and potential voting rights.
insurance and calculation of life insurance and                                 The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if
participating    participating investment contract                         facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or
investment       liabilities include those in respect of                   more of the three elements of control. Subsidiaries are consolidated
contract         annuitant mortality, expenses,                            from the date the Group obtains control and are excluded from
liabilities      valuation interest rates and credit
                 default allowances on corporate                           consolidation from the date the Group loses control. All
                 bonds and other non-sovereign                             intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised surpluses and
                 credit assets.                                            deficits on transactions between Group companies have been
                 Principal assumptions used in the                         eliminated. Accounting policies of subsidiaries are aligned on
                 calculation of general insurance and                      acquisition to ensure consistency with Group policies.
                 health liabilities include the discount                        The Group is required to use the acquisition method of
                 rates used in determining our latent
                 claim and structures settlements                          accounting     for business combinations. Under this method, the
                 liabilities, and the assumption that                      Group recognises identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
                                                                           liabilities at fair value, and any non-controlling interest in the

                                                            Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                               95
                          Strategic report            Governance           IFRS financial statements      Other information


Accounting policies     Continued


acquiree. For each business combination, the Group has the option          agreement are considered along with other factors that determine
to measure the non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair     control, as outlined above. Where the Group exerts control over a
value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net     PUT or a PLP, it has been treated as a subsidiary and its results,
assets. The excess of the consideration transferred over the fair          assets and liabilities have been consolidated. Where the partnership
value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired is recorded as          is managed by an agreement such that there is joint control
goodwill (see accounting policy O below). Acquisition-related costs        between the parties, notwithstanding that the Group’s partnership
are expensed as incurred.                                                  share in the PLP (including its indirect stake via the relevant PUT and
     Transactions with non-controlling interests that lead to changes      GP) may be lower or higher than 50%, such PUTs and PLPs have
in the ownership interests in a subsidiary but do not result in a loss     been classified as joint ventures (see below). Where the Group has
of control are treated as equity transactions.                             significant influence over the PUT or PLP, as defined in the following
                                                                           section, the PUT or PLP is classified as an associate. Where the
Merger accounting and the merger reserve                                   Group holds non-controlling interests in PLPs, with no significant
Prior to 1 January 2004, the date of first time adoption of IFRS,          influence or control over their associated GPs, the relevant
certain significant business combinations were accounted for using         investments are carried at fair value through profit or loss within
the ‘pooling of interests method’ (or merger accounting), which            financial investments.
treats the merged groups as if they had been combined throughout
the current and comparative accounting periods. Merger accounting          Associates and joint ventures
principles for these combinations gave rise to a merger reserve in         Associates are entities over which the Group has significant
the consolidated statement of financial position, being the                influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the
difference between the nominal value of new shares issued by the           financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not
Parent Company for the acquisition of the shares of the subsidiary         control or joint control. Generally, it is presumed that the Group has
and the subsidiary’s own share capital and share premium account.          significant influence if it has between 20% and 50% of voting rights.
These transactions have not been restated, as permitted by the IFRS        Joint ventures are joint arrangements whereby the Group and other
1 transitional arrangements.                                               parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the
     The merger reserve is also used where more than 90% of the            net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually
shares in a subsidiary are acquired and the consideration includes         agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when
the issue of new shares by the Company, thereby attracting merger          decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of
relief under the Companies Act 1985 and, from 1 October 2009, the          the parties sharing control. In a number of these, the Group’s share
Companies Act 2006.                                                        of the underlying assets and liabilities may be greater or less than
                                                                           50% but the terms of the relevant agreements make it clear that
Investment vehicles                                                        control is not exercised. Such jointly controlled entities are referred
In several countries, the Group has invested in a number of                to as joint ventures in these financial statements.
specialised investment vehicles such as Open-ended Investment                   Gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and
Companies (OEICs) and unit trusts. These invest mainly in equities,        joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in
bonds, cash and cash equivalents, and properties, and distribute           the associates and joint ventures. Losses are also eliminated, unless
most of their income. The Group’s percentage ownership in these            the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset
vehicles can fluctuate from day to day according to the Group’s and        transferred between entities.
third-party participation in them. When assessing control over                  Other than investments in investment vehicles which are carried
investment vehicles, along with the factors determining control            at fair value through profit or loss, investments in associates and
outlined above, the Group considers the scope of its decision-             joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method of
making authority including its ability to direct the relevant activities   accounting. Under this method, the cost of the investment in a given
of the fund and exposure to variability of returns from the                associate or joint venture, together with the Group’s share of that
perspective of an investor in the fund and of the asset manager. In        entity’s post-acquisition changes to shareholders’ funds, is included
addition, the Group assesses rights held by other parties including        as an asset in the consolidated statement of financial position. As
substantive removal rights that may affect the Group’s ability to          explained in accounting policy O, the cost includes goodwill
direct the relevant activities and indicate that the Group does not        recognised on acquisition. The Group’s share of their post-
have power. Where the Group is deemed to control such vehicles,            acquisition profits or losses is recognised in the income statement
they are consolidated, with the interests of parties other than Aviva      and its share of post-acquisition movements in reserves is
being classified as liabilities. These appear as ‘Net asset value          recognised in reserves. Equity accounting is discontinued when the
attributable to unitholders’ in the consolidated statement of              Group no longer has significant influence or joint control over the
financial position.                                                        investment.
     Where the Group does not control such vehicles, and these                  If the Group’s share of losses in an associate or joint venture
investments are held by its insurance or investment funds, they are        equals or exceeds its interest in the undertaking, the Group does not
carried at fair value through profit or loss within financial              recognise further losses unless it has incurred obligations or made
investments in the consolidated statement of financial position, in        payments on behalf of the entity.
accordance with IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and
Measurement.                                                               The Company’s investments
     As part of their investment strategy, long-term business              In the Company’s statement of financial position, subsidiaries,
policyholder funds have invested in a number of property limited           associates and joint ventures are stated at their fair values,
partnerships (PLPs), either directly or via property unit trusts (PUTs),   estimated using applicable valuation models underpinned by the
through a mix of capital and loans. The PLPs are managed by                Company’s market capitalisation. These investments are classified
general partners (GPs), in which the long-term business shareholder        as available for sale (AFS) financial assets, with changes in their fair
companies hold equity stakes and which themselves hold nominal             value being recognised in other comprehensive income and
stakes in the PLPs. The PUTs are managed by a Group subsidiary.            recorded in a separate investment valuation reserve within equity.
     Accounting for the PUTs and PLPs as subsidiaries, joint ventures,
associates or other financial investments depends on whether the
Group is deemed to have control or joint control over the PUTs and
PLPs’ shareholdings in the GPs and the terms of each partnership

                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        96
                         Strategic report            Governance           IFRS financial statements      Other information


Accounting policies     Continued


(E) Foreign currency translation                                          supported wholly by observable market data or the transaction is
Income statements and cash flows of foreign entities are translated       closed out or otherwise matured.
into the Group’s presentation currency at average exchange rates for           If an asset or a liability measured at fair value has a bid price and
the year while their statements of financial position are translated at   an ask price, the price within the bid-ask spread that is most
the year-end exchange rates. Exchange differences arising from the        representative of fair value in the circumstances is used to measure
translation of the net investment in foreign subsidiaries, associates     fair value.
and joint ventures, and of borrowings and other currency
instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are                 (G) Product classification
recognised in other comprehensive income and taken to the                 Insurance contracts are defined as those containing significant
currency translation reserve within equity. On disposal of a foreign      insurance risk if, and only if, an insured event could cause an insurer
entity, such exchange differences are transferred out of this reserve     to make significant additional payments in any scenario, excluding
and are recognised in the income statement as part of the gain or         scenarios that lack commercial substance, at the inception of the
loss on sale. The cumulative translation differences were deemed to       contract. Such contracts remain insurance contracts until all rights
be zero at the transition date to IFRS.                                   and obligations are extinguished or expire. Contracts can be
     Foreign currency transactions are accounted for at the exchange      reclassified as insurance contracts after inception if insurance risk
rates prevailing at the date of the transactions. Gains and losses        becomes significant. Any contracts not considered to be insurance
resulting from the settlement of such transactions, and from the          contracts under IFRS are classified as investment contracts. Some
translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign     insurance and investment contracts contain a discretionary
currencies, are recognised in the income statement.                       participation feature, which is a contractual right to receive
     Translation differences on debt securities and other monetary        additional benefits as a supplement to guaranteed benefits. These
financial assets measured at fair value and designated as held at fair    are referred to as participating contracts.
value through profit or loss (FVTPL) (see accounting policy T) are            As noted in accounting policy A, insurance contracts and
included in foreign exchange gains and losses in the income               participating investment contracts in general continue to be
statement. For monetary financial assets designated as AFS,               measured and accounted for under existing accounting practices at
translation differences are calculated as if they were carried at         the later of the date of transition to IFRS (‘grandfathered’) or the
amortised cost and so are recognised in the income statement,             date of the acquisition of the entity, in accordance with IFRS 4. IFRS
while foreign exchange differences arising from fair value gains and      accounting for insurance contracts in UK companies was
losses are recognised in other comprehensive income and included          grandfathered at the date of transition to IFRS and determined in
in the investment valuation reserve within equity. Translation            accordance with the Statement of Recommended Practice issued by
differences on non-monetary items, such as equities which are             the Association of British Insurers (subsequently withdrawn by the
designated as FVTPL, are reported as part of the fair value gain or       ABI in 2015).
loss, whereas such differences on AFS equities are included in the            In certain businesses, the accounting policies or accounting
investment valuation reserve.                                             estimates have been changed, as permitted by IFRS 4 and IAS 8
                                                                          respectively, to remeasure designated insurance liabilities to reflect
(F) Fair value measurement                                                current market interest rates and changes to regulatory capital
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid requirements. When accounting policies or accounting estimates
to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market          have been changed, and adjustments to the measurement basis
participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that          have occurred, the financial statements of that year will have
price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation         disclosed the impacts accordingly. One such example is our
technique. This presumes that the transaction takes place in the          adoption of Financial Reporting Standard 27 Life Assurance (FRS 27)
principal (or most advantageous) market under current market              which was issued by the UK’s Accounting Standards Board (ASB) in
conditions. Fair value is a market-based measure and in the absence December 2004 (subsequently withdrawn by the ASB in 2015).
of observable market prices in an active market, it is measured using
the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing           (H) Premiums earned
the asset or liability.                                                   Premiums on long-term insurance contracts and participating
     The fair value of a non-financial asset is determined based on its investment contracts are recognised as income when receivable,
highest and best use from a market participant’s perspective. When except for investment-linked premiums which are accounted for
using this approach, the Group takes into account the asset’s use         when the corresponding liabilities are recognised. For single
that is physically possible, legally permissible and financially          premium business, this is the date from which the policy is effective.
feasible.                                                                 For regular premium contracts, receivables are recognised at the
     The best evidence of the fair value of a financial instrument at     date when payments are due. Premiums are shown before
initial recognition is normally the transaction price i.e. the fair value deduction of commission and before any sales-based taxes or
of the consideration given or received. In certain circumstances, the duties. Where policies lapse due to non-receipt of premiums, then
fair value at initial recognition may differ from the transaction price. all the related premium income accrued but not received from the
If the fair value is evidenced by comparison with other observable        date they are deemed to have lapsed is offset against premiums.
current market transactions in the same instrument (i.e. without              General insurance and health premiums written reflect business
modification or repackaging), or is based on a valuation technique        incepted during the year, and exclude any sales-based taxes or
whose variables include only data from observable markets, then           duties. Unearned premiums are those proportions of the premiums
the difference between the fair value at initial recognition and the      written in a year that relate to periods of risk after the statement of
transaction price is recognised as a gain or loss in the income           financial position date. Unearned premiums are calculated on either
statement. When unobservable market data has a significant impact a daily or monthly pro rata basis. Premiums collected by
on the valuation of financial instruments, the difference between the intermediaries, but not yet received, are assessed based on
fair value at initial recognition and the transaction price is not        estimates from underwriting or past experience, and are included in
recognised immediately in the income statement, but deferred and          premiums written.
recognised in the income statement on an appropriate basis over               Deposits collected under investment contracts without a
the life of the instrument but no later than when the valuation is        discretionary participation feature (non-participating contracts) are
                                                                          not accounted for through the income statement, except for the fee


                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       97
                         Strategic report            Governance           IFRS financial statements       Other information


Accounting policies     Continued


income (covered in accounting policy I) and the investment income              General insurance and health claims incurred include all losses
attributable to those contracts, but are accounted for directly           occurring during the year, whether reported or not, related handling
through the statement of financial position as an adjustment to the       costs, a reduction for the value of salvage and other recoveries, and
investment contract liability.                                            any adjustments to claims outstanding from previous years.
                                                                               Claims handling costs include internal and external costs
(I) Other investment contract fee revenue                                 incurred in connection with the negotiation and settlement of
Investment contract policyholders are charged fees for policy             claims. Internal costs include all direct expenses of the claims
administration, investment management, surrenders or other                department and any part of the general administrative costs directly
contract services. The fees may be for fixed amounts or vary with the     attributable to the claims function.
amounts being managed, and will generally be charged as an
adjustment to the policyholder’s balance. The fees are recognised         Long-term business provisions
as revenue in the period in which they are collected unless they          Under current IFRS requirements, insurance and participating
relate to services to be provided in future periods, in which case they   investment contract liabilities are measured using accounting
are deferred and recognised as the service is provided.                   policies consistent with those adopted previously under existing
    Initiation and other ‘front-end’ fees (fees that are assessed         accounting practices, with the exception of liabilities remeasured to
against the policyholder balance as consideration for origination of      reflect current market interest rates to be consistent with the value
the contract) are charged on some non-participating investment            of the backing assets, and those relating to UK with-profits and non-
and investment fund management contracts. Where the investment            profit contracts.
contract is recorded at amortised cost, these fees are deferred and            The long-term business provisions are calculated separately for
recognised over the expected term of the policy by an adjustment to       each life operation, based either on local regulatory requirements or
the effective yield. Where the investment contract is measured at fair    existing local GAAP (at the later of the date of transition to IFRS or
value, the front-end fees that relate to the provision of investment      the date of the acquisition of the entity); and actuarial principles
management services are deferred and recognised as the services           consistent with those applied in each local market. Each calculation
are provided.                                                             represents a determination within a range of possible outcomes,
                                                                          where the assumptions used in the calculations depend on the
                                                                          circumstances prevailing in each life operation. The principal
(J) Other fee and commission income
                                                                          assumptions are disclosed in note 40(b). For the UK with-profit
Other fee and commission income consists primarily of fund
                                                                          funds, FRS 27 required liabilities to be calculated on the realistic
management fees, distribution fees from mutual funds,
                                                                          basis adjusted to remove the shareholders’ share of future bonuses.
commissions on reinsurance ceded, commission revenue from the
                                                                          FRS 27 was grandfathered from UK regulatory requirements prior to
sale of mutual fund shares and transfer agent fees for shareholder
                                                                          the adoption of Solvency II. For UK non-profit insurance contracts,
record keeping. Reinsurance commissions receivable are deferred in
                                                                          the liabilities are calculated using the gross premium valuation
the same way as acquisition costs, as described in accounting policy
                                                                          method. This method uses the amount of contractual premiums
X. All other fee and commission income is recognised as the services
                                                                          payable and includes explicit assumptions for interest and discount
are provided.
                                                                          rates, mortality and morbidity, persistency and future expenses.
                                                                          These assumptions are set on a prudent basis and can vary by
(K) Net investment income                                                 contract type and reflect current and expected future experience.
Investment income consists of dividends, interest and rents               These estimates depend upon the outcome of future events and
receivable for the year, movements in amortised cost on debt              may need to be revised as circumstances change. The liabilities are
securities, realised gains and losses, and unrealised gains and losses    based on the UK regulatory requirements prior to the adoption of
on FVTPL investments (as defined in accounting policy T). Dividends       Solvency II, adjusted to remove certain regulatory reserves and
on equity securities are recorded as revenue on the ex-dividend           margins in assumptions, notably for annuity business.
date. Interest income is recognised as it accrues, taking into account
the effective yield on the investment. It includes the interest rate      Unallocated divisible surplus
differential on forward foreign exchange contracts. Rental income is      In certain participating long-term insurance and investment
recognised on an accruals basis, and is recognised on a straight line     business, the nature of the policy benefits is such that the division
basis unless there is compelling evidence that benefits do not            between shareholder reserves and policyholder liabilities is
accrue evenly over the period of the lease.                               uncertain. Amounts whose allocation to either policyholders or
     A gain or loss on a financial investment is only realised on         shareholders has not been determined by the end of the financial
disposal or transfer, and is the difference between the proceeds          year are held within liabilities as an unallocated divisible surplus.
received, net of transaction costs, and its original cost or amortised         If the aggregate carrying value of liabilities for a particular
cost, as appropriate.                                                     participating business fund is in excess of the aggregate carrying
     Unrealised gains and losses, arising on investments which have       value of its assets, then the difference is held as a negative
not been derecognised as a result of disposal or transfer, represent      unallocated divisible surplus balance, subject to recoverability from
the difference between the carrying value at the year end and the         margins in that fund’s participating business. Any excess of this
carrying value at the previous year end or purchase value during the      difference over the recoverable amount is charged to net income in
year, less the reversal of previously recognised unrealised gains and     the reporting period.
losses in respect of disposals made during the year. Realised gains
or losses on investment property represent the difference between         Embedded derivatives
the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the property.        Embedded derivatives that meet the definition of an insurance
                                                                          contract or correspond to options to surrender insurance contracts
(L) Insurance and participating investment contract                       for a set amount (or based on a fixed amount and an interest rate)
liabilities                                                               are not separately measured. All other embedded derivatives are
Claims                                                                    separated and measured at fair value if they are not considered
Long-term business claims reflect the cost of all claims arising          closely related to the host insurance contract or do not meet the
during the year, including claims handling costs, as well as              definition of an insurance contract. Fair value reflects own credit risk
policyholder bonuses accrued in anticipation of bonus declarations.       to the extent the embedded derivative is not fully collateralised.



                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       98
                          Strategic report            Governance           IFRS financial statements    Other information


Accounting policies     Continued


Liability adequacy                                                         (M) Non-participating investment contract liabilities
At each reporting date, an assessment is made of whether the               Claims
recognised long-term business provisions are adequate, using               For non-participating investment contracts with an account
current estimates of future cash flows. If that assessment shows that      balance, claims reflect the excess of amounts paid over the account
the carrying amount of the liabilities (less related assets) is            balance released.
insufficient in light of the estimated future cash flows, the deficiency
is recognised in the income statement by setting up an additional          Contract liabilities
provision in the statement of financial position.                        Deposits collected under non-participating investment contracts are
                                                                         not accounted for through the income statement, except for the
General insurance and health provisions                                  investment income attributable to those contracts, but are
Outstanding claims provisions                                            accounted for directly through the statement of financial position as
General insurance and health outstanding claims provisions are           an adjustment to the investment contract liability.
based on the estimated ultimate cost of all claims incurred but not           The majority of the Group’s contracts classified as non-
settled at the statement of financial position date, whether reported participating investment contracts are unit-linked contracts and are
or not, together with related claims handling costs. Significant         measured at fair value. Certain liabilities for non-linked non-
delays are experienced in the notification and settlement of certain     participating contracts are measured at amortised cost.
types of general insurance claims, particularly in respect of liability       The liability’s fair value is determined using a valuation
business, including environmental and pollution exposures, the           technique to provide a reliable estimate of the amount for which the
ultimate cost of which cannot be known with certainty at the             liability could be transferred in an orderly transaction between
statement of financial position date. As such, booked claim              market participants at the measurement date, subject to a
provisions for general insurance and health insurance are based on minimum equal to the surrender value. For unit-linked contracts,
the best estimate of the cost of future claim payments plus an           the fair value liability is equal to the current unit fund value,
explicit allowance for risk and uncertainty. Any estimate represents a including any unfunded units. In addition, if required, non-unit
determination within a range of possible outcomes. Further details       reserves are held based on a discounted cash flow analysis. For non-
of estimation techniques are given in note 40(c).                        linked contracts, the fair value liability is based on a discounted cash
     Provisions for latent claims and claims that are settled on an      flow analysis, with allowance for risk calibrated to match the market
annuity type basis such as structured settlements are discounted, in price for risk.
the relevant currency at the reporting date, having regard to the             Amortised cost is calculated as the fair value of consideration
expected settlement dates of the claims and the nature of the            received at the date of initial recognition, less the net effect of
liabilities. The discount rate is set at the start of the accounting     payments such as transaction costs and front-end fees, plus or
period with any change in rates between the start and end of the         minus the cumulative amortisation (using the effective interest rate
accounting period being reflected below operating profit as an           method) of any difference between that initial amount and the
economic assumption change. The range of discount rates used is          maturity value, and less any write-down for surrender payments.
described in note 40(c)(ii). Outstanding claims provisions are valued The effective interest rate is the one that equates the discounted
net of an allowance for expected future recoveries. Recoveries           cash payments to the initial amount. At each reporting date, the
include non-insurance assets that have been acquired by exercising amortised cost liability is determined as the value of future best
rights to salvage and subrogation under the terms of insurance           estimate cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate.
contracts. Where material, anticipated recoveries are disclosed
under receivables and not deducted from outstanding claims
                                                                         (N) Reinsurance
provisions.
                                                                         The Group assumes and cedes reinsurance in the normal course of
                                                                         business, with retention limits varying by line of business. Premiums
Provision for unearned premiums
The proportion of written premiums, gross of commission payable          on reinsurance assumed are recognised as revenue in the same
                                                                         manner as they would be if the reinsurance were considered direct
to intermediaries, attributable to subsequent periods is deferred as
a provision for unearned premiums. The change in this provision is       business, taking into account the product classification of the
                                                                         reinsured business. The cost of reinsurance related to long-duration
taken to the income statement as recognition of revenue over the
period of risk.                                                          contracts is accounted for over the life of the underlying reinsured
                                                                         policies, using assumptions consistent with those used to account
Liability adequacy                                                       for these policies.
At each reporting date, the Group reviews its unexpired risks and             Where general insurance liabilities are discounted, any
carries out a liability adequacy test for any overall excess of          corresponding     reinsurance assets are also discounted using
expected claims and deferred acquisition costs over unearned             consistent assumptions.
premiums, using the current estimates of future cash flows under its          Gains or losses on buying retroactive reinsurance are recognised
contracts after taking account of the investment return expected to      in the  income statement immediately at the date of purchase and
arise on assets relating to the relevant general business provisions. If are not amortised. Premiums ceded and claims reimbursed are
these estimates show that the carrying amount of its insurance           presented on a gross basis in the consolidated income statement
liabilities (less related deferred acquisition costs) is insufficient in and statement of financial position as appropriate.
light of the estimated future cash flows, the deficiency is recognised        Reinsurance assets primarily include balances due from both
in the income statement by setting up a provision in the statement       insurance   and reinsurance companies for ceded insurance and
of financial position.                                                   investment contract liabilities. This includes balances in respect of
                                                                         investment contracts which are legally reinsurance contracts but do
Other assessments and levies                                             not meet the definition of a reinsurance contract under IFRS.
The Group is subject to various periodic insurance-related               Amounts recoverable from reinsurers are estimated in a manner
assessments or guarantee fund levies. Related provisions are             consistent with the underlying contract liabilities, outstanding
established where there is a present obligation (legal or                claims provisions or settled claims associated with the reinsured
constructive) as a result of a past event. Such amounts are not          policies and in accordance with the relevant reinsurance contract.
included in insurance liabilities but are included under ‘Pension             Reinsurance of non-participating investment contracts and
deficits and other provisions’ in the statement of financial position.   reinsurance contracts that principally transfer financial risk are


                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        99
                         Strategic report             Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Accounting policies     Continued


accounted for directly through the statement of financial position. A      The carrying amount of goodwill and intangible assets with
deposit asset or liability is recognised, based on the consideration       indefinite useful lives is reviewed at least annually or when
paid or received less any explicitly identified premiums or fees to be     circumstances or events indicate there may be uncertainty over this
retained by the reinsured. These deposit assets or liabilities are         value. Goodwill and indefinite life intangibles are written down for
shown within reinsurance assets in the consolidated statement of           impairment where the recoverable amount is insufficient to support
financial position.                                                        its carrying value. Further details on goodwill allocation and
     If a reinsurance asset is impaired, the Group reduces the             impairment testing are given in note 16. Any impairments are
carrying amount accordingly and recognises that impairment loss in         charged as expenses in the income statement.
the income statement. A reinsurance asset is impaired if there is
objective evidence, as a result of an event that occurred after initial    (P) Property and equipment
recognition of the reinsurance asset, that the Group may not receive       Owner-occupied properties are carried at their revalued amounts,
all amounts due to it under the terms of the contract, and the event       and movements are recognised in other comprehensive income and
has a reliably measurable impact on the amounts that the Group             taken to a separate reserve within equity. When such properties are
will receive from the reinsurer.                                           sold, the accumulated revaluation surpluses are transferred from
                                                                           this reserve to retained earnings. These properties are depreciated
(O) Goodwill, AVIF and intangible assets                                   down to their estimated residual values over their useful lives. All
Goodwill                                                                   other items classed as property and equipment within the
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the      statement of financial position are carried at historical cost less
fair value of the Group’s share of the net assets of the acquired          accumulated depreciation.
subsidiary, associate or joint venture at the date of acquisition.              Investment properties under construction are included within
Goodwill arising on the Group’s investments in subsidiaries is shown       property and equipment until completion, and are stated at cost
as a separate asset, while that on associates and joint ventures is        less any provision for impairment in their values until construction is
included within the carrying value of those investments.                   completed or fair value becomes reliably measurable.
     Goodwill on acquisitions prior to 1 January 2004 (the date of              Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line method to write
transition to IFRS) is carried at its book value (original cost less       down the cost of other assets to their residual values over their
cumulative amortisation) on that date, less any impairment                 estimated useful lives as follows:
subsequently incurred. Goodwill arising before 1 January 1998 was          • Properties under construction          No depreciation
eliminated against reserves and has not been reinstated.                   • Owner-occupied properties, and         25 years
                                                                             related mechanical and electrical
Acquired value of in-force business (AVIF)                                   equipment
The present value of future profits on a portfolio of long-term            • Motor vehicles                         Three years, or lease term
insurance and investment contracts, acquired either directly or                                                     (up to useful life) if longer
through the purchase of a subsidiary, is recognised as an asset.           • Computer equipment                     Three to five years
    If the AVIF results from the acquisition of an investment in a joint   • Other assets                           Three to five years
venture or an associate, it is held within the carrying amount of that
investment. In all cases, the AVIF is amortised over the useful lifetime   The assets’ residual values, useful lives and method of depreciation
of the related contracts in the portfolio on a systematic basis. The       are reviewed regularly, and at least at each financial year end, and
rate of amortisation is chosen by considering the profile of the           adjusted if appropriate. Where the carrying amount of an asset is
additional value of in-force business acquired and the expected            greater than its estimated recoverable amount, it is written down
depletion in its value.                                                    immediately to its recoverable amount. Gains and losses on
    Non-participating investment contract AVIF is reviewed for             disposal of property and equipment are determined by reference to
evidence of impairment, consistent with reviews conducted for              their carrying amount.
other finite life intangible assets. Insurance and participating               Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition and
investment contract AVIF is reviewed for impairment at each                construction of property and equipment are capitalised. All repair
reporting date as part of the liability adequacy requirements of IFRS      and maintenance costs are charged to the income statement during
4 (see accounting policy L). AVIF is reviewed for evidence of              the financial period in which they are incurred. The cost of major
impairment and impairment tested at product portfolio level by             renovations is included in the carrying amount of the asset when it is
reference to a projection of future profits arising from the portfolio.    probable that future economic benefits in excess of the most
                                                                           recently assessed standard of performance of the existing asset will
Intangible assets                                                          flow to the Group and the renovation replaces an identifiable part of
Intangible assets consist primarily of contractual relationships such      the asset. Major renovations are depreciated over the remaining
as access to distribution networks, customer lists and software. The       useful life of the related asset.
economic lives of these are determined by considering relevant
factors such as usage of the asset, typical product life cycles,
                                                                           (Q) Investment property
potential obsolescence, maintenance costs, the stability of the
                                                                           Investment property is held for long-term rental yields and is not
industry, competitive position and the period of control over the
                                                                           occupied by the Group. Completed investment property is stated at
assets. These intangibles are amortised over their useful lives, which
                                                                           its fair value, as assessed by qualified external valuers or by local
range from three to 30 years, using the straight-line method.
                                                                           qualified staff of the Group. Changes in fair values are recorded in
    The amortisation charge for the year is included in the income
                                                                           the income statement in net investment income.
statement under ‘Other expenses’. For intangibles with finite lives,
                                                                                As described in accounting policy P above, investment
impairment charges will be recognised in the income statement
                                                                           properties under construction are included within property and
where evidence of such impairment is observed. Intangibles with
                                                                           equipment, and are stated at cost less any impairment in their
indefinite lives are subject to regular impairment testing, as
                                                                           values until construction is completed or fair value becomes reliably
described below.
                                                                           measurable.
Impairment testing
For impairment testing, goodwill and intangible assets with
indefinite useful lives have been allocated to cash-generating units.

                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        100
                           Strategic report             Governance            IFRS financial statements     Other information


Accounting policies      Continued


(R) Impairment of non-financial assets                                        fair value adjustments are transferred out of the investment
Property and equipment and other non-financial assets are                     valuation reserve to the income statement with a corresponding
reviewed for impairment losses whenever events or changes in                  movement through other comprehensive income.
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised in the income                   Impairment
statement for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset            The Group reviews the carrying value of its AFS investments on a
exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of an asset’s fair        regular basis. If the carrying value of an AFS investment is greater
value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of            than the recoverable amount, the carrying value is reduced through
assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest level for              a charge to the income statement in the period of impairment. The
which there are separately identifiable cash flows. Non-financial             following policies are used to determine the level of any
assets except goodwill which have suffered an impairment are                  impairment, some of which involve considerable judgement:
reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting
date.                                                                         AFS debt securities
                                                                              An AFS debt security is impaired if there is objective evidence that a
                                                                              loss event has occurred which has impaired the expected cash
(S) Derecognition and offset of financial assets and                          flows, i.e. where all amounts due according to the contractual terms
financial liabilities                                                         of the security are not considered collectible. An impairment charge,
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or       measured as the difference between the security’s fair value and
part of a group of similar financial assets) is derecognised where:           amortised cost, is recognised when the issuer is known to be either
• The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired;               in default or in financial difficulty. Determining when an issuer is in
• The Group retains the right to receive cash flows from the asset,           financial difficulty requires the use of judgement, and we consider a
  but has assumed an obligation to pay them in full without                   number of factors including industry risk factors, financial condition,
  material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’                      liquidity position and near-term prospects of the issuer, credit rating
  arrangement; or                                                             declines and a breach of contract. A decline in fair value below
• The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the         amortised cost due to changes in risk-free interest rates does not
  asset and has either transferred substantially all the risks and            necessarily represent objective evidence of a loss event.
  rewards of the asset, or has neither transferred nor retained                   For securities identified as being impaired, the cumulative
  substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has               unrealised loss previously recognised within the investment
  transferred control of the asset.                                           valuation reserve is transferred to realised losses for the year, with a
                                                                              corresponding movement through other comprehensive income.
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the           Any subsequent increase in fair value of these impaired securities is
liability is discharged or cancelled or expires.                              recognised in other comprehensive income and recorded in the
     Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount           investment valuation reserve unless this increase represents a
reported in the statement of financial position when there is a               decrease in the impairment loss that can be objectively related to an
currently enforceable legal right to set off the recognised amounts           event occurring after the impairment loss was recognised in the
and there is the ability and intention to settle on a net basis, or           income statement. In such an event, the reversal of the impairment
realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.                    loss is recognised as a gain in the income statement.

(T) Financial investments                                                     AFS equity securities
The Group classifies its investments as either FVTPL or AFS. The              An AFS equity security is considered impaired if there is objective
classification depends on the purpose for which the investments               evidence that the cost may not be recovered. In addition to
were acquired, and is determined by local management at initial               qualitative impairment criteria, such evidence includes a significant
recognition. The FVTPL category has two subcategories – those that            or prolonged decline in fair value below cost. Unless there is
meet the definition as being held for trading and those the Group             evidence to the contrary, an equity security is considered impaired if
chooses to designate as FVTPL (referred to in this accounting policy          the decline in fair value relative to cost has been either at least 20%
as ‘other than trading’) upon initial recognition.                            for a continuous six-month period or more than 40% at the end of
     In general, the other than trading category is used as, in most          the reporting period, or been in an unrealised loss position for a
cases, the Group’s investment or risk management strategy is to               continuous period of more than 12 months at the end of the
manage its financial investments on a fair value basis. Debt                  reporting period. We also review our largest equity holdings for
securities and equity securities, which the Group acquires with the           evidence of impairment, as well as individual equity holdings in
intention to resell in the short term, are classified as trading, as are      industry sectors known to be in difficulty. Where there is objective
non-hedge derivatives (see accounting policy U below). The AFS                evidence that impairment exists, the security is written down
category is used where the relevant long-term business liability              regardless of the size of the unrealised loss.
(including shareholders’ funds) is passively managed, as well as in                For securities identified as being impaired, the cumulative
certain fund management and non-insurance operations.                         unrealised loss previously recognised within the investment
     Purchases and sales of investments are recognised on the trade           valuation reserve is transferred to realised losses for the year with a
date, which is the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell            corresponding movement through other comprehensive income.
the assets, at their fair values. Debt securities are initially recorded at   Any subsequent increase in fair value of these impaired securities is
their fair value, which is taken to be amortised cost, with                   recognised in other comprehensive income and recorded in the
amortisation credited or charged to the income statement.                     investment valuation reserve.
Investments classified as trading, other than trading and AFS, are                 Reversals of impairments on any of these assets are only
subsequently carried at fair value. Changes in the fair value of              recognised where the decrease in the impairment can be objectively
trading and other than trading investments are included in the                related to an event occurring after the write-down (such as an
income statement in the period in which they arise.                           improvement in the debtor’s credit rating), and are not recognised
     Changes in the fair value of securities classified as AFS are            in respect of equity instruments.
recognised in other comprehensive income and recorded in a
separate investment valuation reserve within equity. When
securities classified as AFS are sold or impaired, the accumulated

                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          101
                          Strategic report            Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Accounting policies     Continued


(U) Derivative financial instruments and hedging                           the seller to pay the buyer an interest rate differential in exchange
Derivative financial instruments include foreign exchange contracts,       for a premium paid by the buyer. This differential represents the
interest rate futures, currency and interest rate swaps, currency and      difference between current rate and an agreed rate applied to a
interest rate options (both written and purchased) and other               notional amount. Exposure to gain or loss on all interest rate
financial instruments that derive their value mainly from underlying       contracts will increase or decrease over their respective lives as
interest rates, foreign exchange rates, credit or equity indices,          interest rates fluctuate. Certain contracts, known as swaptions,
commodity values or equity instruments.                                    contain features which can act as swaps or options.
     All derivatives are initially recognised in the statement of
financial position at their fair value, which usually represents their     Foreign exchange contracts
cost. They are subsequently remeasured at their fair value, with the       Foreign exchange contracts, which include spot, forward and futures
method of recognising movements in this value depending on                 contracts, represent agreements to exchange the currency of one
whether they are designated as hedging instruments and, if so, the         country for the currency of another country at an agreed price and
nature of the item being hedged. Fair values are obtained from             settlement date. Foreign exchange option contracts are similar to
quoted market prices or, if these are not available, by using              interest rate option contracts, except that they are based on
valuation techniques such as discounted cash flow models or                currencies, rather than interest rates.
option pricing models. All derivatives are carried as assets when the
fair values are positive and as liabilities when the fair values are       Derivative instruments for hedging
negative. Premiums paid for derivatives are recorded as an asset on        On the date a derivative contract is entered into, the Group
the statement of financial position at the date of purchase,               designates certain derivatives as either:
representing their fair value at that date.                                (i) a hedge of the fair value of a recognised asset or liability (fair
     Derivative contracts may be traded on an exchange or over-the-              value hedge);
counter (OTC). Exchange-traded derivatives are standardised and            (ii) a hedge of a future cash flow attributable to a recognised asset
include certain futures and option contracts. OTC derivative                     or liability, a highly probable forecast transaction or a firm
contracts are individually negotiated between contracting parties                commitment (cash flow hedge); or
and include forwards, swaps, caps and floors. Derivatives are subject      (iii) a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation (net
to various risks including market, liquidity and credit risk, similar to         investment hedge).
those related to the underlying financial instruments. Many OTC
transactions are contracted and documented under International             Hedge accounting is used for derivatives designated in this way,
Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreements or their               provided certain criteria are met. At the inception of the transaction,
equivalent, which are designed to provide legally enforceable set-off      the Group documents the relationship between the hedging
in the event of default, reducing the Group’s exposure to credit risk.     instrument and the hedged item, as well as the risk management
     The notional or contractual amounts associated with derivative        objective and the strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction.
financial instruments are not recorded as assets or liabilities on the     The Group also documents its assessment of whether the hedge is
statement of financial position as they do not represent the fair          expected to be, and has been, highly effective in offsetting the risk in
value of these transactions. These amounts are disclosed in note           the hedged item, both at inception and on an ongoing basis.
57(b).                                                                          Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and
     The Group has collateral agreements in place between the              qualify as net investment or cash flow hedges, and that prove to be
individual Group entities and relevant counterparties. Accounting          highly effective in relation to the hedged risk, are recognised in other
policy W covers collateral, both received and pledged, in respect of       comprehensive income and a separate reserve within equity. Gains
these derivatives.                                                         and losses accumulated in this reserve are included in the income
                                                                           statement on disposal of the relevant investment or occurrence of
Interest rate and currency swaps                                           the cash flow as appropriate.
Interest rate swaps are contractual agreements between two parties              Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and
to exchange fixed rate and floating rate interest by means of              qualify as fair value hedges are recognised in the income statement.
periodic payments, calculated on a specified notional amount and           The gain or loss on the hedged item that is attributable to the
defined interest rates. Most interest rate swap payments are netted        hedged risk is recognised in the income statement. This applies
against each other, with the difference between the fixed and              even if the hedged item is an available for sale financial asset or is
floating rate interest payments paid by one party. Currency swaps,         measured at amortised cost. If a hedging relationship no longer
in their simplest form, are contractual agreements that involve the        meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the cumulative adjustment
exchange of both periodic and final amounts in two different               made to the carrying amount of the hedged item is amortised to the
currencies. Both types of swap contracts may include the net               income statement, based on a recalculated effective interest rate
exchange of principal. Exposure to gain or loss on these contracts         over the residual period to maturity. In cases where the hedged item
will increase or decrease over their respective lives as a function of     has been derecognised, the cumulative adjustment is released to
maturity dates, interest and foreign exchange rates, and the timing        the income statement immediately.
of payments.                                                                    For a variety of reasons, certain derivative transactions, while
                                                                           providing effective economic hedges under the Group’s risk
Interest rate futures, forwards and options contracts                      management positions, do not qualify for hedge accounting under
Interest rate futures are exchange-traded instruments and represent        the specific IFRS rules and are therefore treated as derivatives held
commitments to purchase or sell a designated security or money             for trading. Their fair value gains and losses are recognised
market instrument at a specified future date and price. Interest rate      immediately in net investment income.
forward agreements are OTC contracts in which two parties agree
on an interest rate and other terms that will become a reference           (V) Loans
point in determining, in concert with an agreed notional principal         Loans with fixed maturities, including policyholder loans, mortgage
amount, a net payment to be made by one party to the other,                loans on investment property, securitised mortgages and collateral
depending upon what rate prevails at a future point in time. Interest      loans, are recognised when cash is advanced to borrowers. Certain
rate options, which consist primarily of caps and floors, are interest     loans are carried at their unpaid principal balances and adjusted for
rate protection instruments that involve the potential obligation of       amortisation of premium or discount, non-refundable loan fees and


                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        102
                          Strategic report             Governance            IFRS financial statements     Other information


Accounting policies      Continued


related direct costs. These amounts are deferred and amortised over          accounting policy L). For non-participating investment and
the life of the loan as an adjustment to loan yield using the effective      investment fund management contracts, incremental acquisition
interest rate method.                                                        costs and sales enhancements that are directly attributable to
     However, for the majority of mortgage loans, the Group has              securing an investment management service are also deferred.
taken advantage of the fair value option under IAS 39 to present the             Where such business is reinsured, an appropriate proportion of
mortgages, associated borrowings and derivative financial                    the deferred acquisition costs is attributed to the reinsurer.
instruments at fair value, since they are managed as a portfolio on a            Long-term business deferred acquisition costs are amortised
fair value basis. This presentation provides more relevant                   systematically over a period no longer than that in which they are
information and eliminates any accounting mismatch that would                expected to be recoverable out of these future margins. Deferred
otherwise arise from using different measurement bases for these             acquisition costs for non-participating investment and investment
three items. The fair values of these mortgages are estimated using          fund management contracts are amortised over the period in which
discounted cash flow models, based on a risk-adjusted discount               the service is provided. General insurance and health deferred
rate which reflects the risks associated with these products. They are       acquisition costs are amortised over the period in which the related
revalued at each period end, with movements in their fair values             revenues are earned. The reinsurers’ share of deferred acquisition
being taken to the income statement.                                         costs is amortised in the same manner as the underlying asset.
     At each reporting date, we review loans carried at amortised                Deferred acquisition costs are reviewed by category of business
cost for objective evidence that they are impaired and                       at the end of each reporting period and are written-off where they
uncollectable, either at the level of an individual security or              are no longer considered to be recoverable.
collectively within a group of loans with similar credit risk                    Other receivables and payables are initially recognised at cost,
characteristics. To the extent that a loan is uncollectable, it is written   being fair value. Subsequent to initial measurement they are
down as impaired to its recoverable amount, measured as the                  measured at amortised cost.
present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the
original effective interest rate of the loan, taking into account the fair   (Y) Statement of cash flows
value of the underlying collateral through an impairment provision           Cash and cash equivalents
account. Subsequent recoveries in excess of the loan’s written-down       Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash at bank and in hand,
carrying value are credited to the income statement.                      deposits held at call with banks, treasury bills and other short-term
                                                                          highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known
(W) Collateral                                                            amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of
The Group receives and pledges collateral in the form of cash or          change in value. Such investments are those with less than three
non-cash assets in respect of stock lending transactions, certain         months’ maturity from the date of acquisition, or which are
derivative contracts and loans, in order to reduce the credit risk of     redeemable on demand with only an insignificant change in their
these transactions. Collateral is also pledged as security for bank       fair values.
letters of credit. The amount and type of collateral required depends          For the purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash
on an assessment of the credit risk of the counterparty.                  equivalents also include bank overdrafts, which are included in
     Collateral received in the form of cash, which is not legally        payables and other financial liabilities on the statement of financial
segregated from the Group, is recognised as an asset in the               position.
statement of financial position with a corresponding liability for the
repayment in financial liabilities (note 58). However, where the          Operating cash flows
Group has a currently enforceable legal right of set-off and the          Purchases and sales of investment property, loans and financial
ability and intent to net settle, the collateral liability and associated investments are included within operating cash flows as the
derivative balances are shown net. Non-cash collateral received is        purchases are funded from cash flows associated with the
not recognised in the statement of financial position unless the          origination of insurance and investment contracts, net of payments
transfer of the collateral meets the derecognition criteria from the      of related benefits and claims.
perspective of the transferor. Such collateral is typically recognised
when the Group either (a) sells or repledges these assets in the          (Z) Leases
absence of default, at which point the obligation to return this          Leases, where a significant portion of the risks and rewards of
collateral is recognised as a liability; or (b) the counterparty to the   ownership is retained by the lessor, are classified as operating
arrangement defaults, at which point the collateral is seized and         leases. Where the Group is the lessee, payments made under
recognised as an asset.                                                   operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are
     Collateral pledged in the form of cash, which is legally             charged to the income statement on a straight-line basis over the
segregated from the Group, is derecognised from the statement of          term of the relevant leases.
financial position with a corresponding receivable recognised for its          Where the Group is the lessor, lease income from operating
return. Non-cash collateral pledged is not derecognised from the          leases is recognised in the income statement on a straight-line basis
statement of financial position unless the Group defaults on its          over the lease term.
obligations under the relevant agreement, and therefore continues              When assets are subject to finance leases, the present value of
to be recognised in the statement of financial position within the        the lease payments, together with any unguaranteed residual value,
appropriate asset classification.                                         is recognised as a receivable. The Group has not entered into any
                                                                          material finance lease arrangements either as lessor or lessee.
(X) Deferred acquisition costs and other assets
Costs relating to the acquisition of new business for insurance and          (AA) Provisions and contingent liabilities
participating investment contracts are deferred in line with existing        Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or
local accounting practices, to the extent that they are expected to be       constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is more probable
recovered out of future margins in revenues on these contracts. For          than not that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits
participating contracts written in the UK, acquisition costs are             will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate of
generally not deferred as the liability for these contracts is               the amount of the obligation can be made. Restructuring provisions
calculated on a realistic basis which was grandfathered from UK              include lease termination penalties and employee termination
regulatory requirements prior to the adoption of Solvency II (see            payments. They comprise only the direct expenditures arising from


                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          103
                         Strategic report             Governance          IFRS financial statements      Other information


Accounting policies     Continued


the restructuring, which are those that are necessarily entailed by       discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the
the restructuring; and not associated with the ongoing activities of      beginning of the year to the net defined benefit liability/(asset). Net
the entity. The amount recorded as a provision is the best estimate       interest expense is charged to finance costs, whereas, net interest
of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the       income is credited to investment income.
balance sheet date. Where the effect of the time value of money is            For defined contribution plans, the Group pays contributions to
material, the provision is the present value of the expected              publicly or privately administered pension plans. Once the
expenditure. Provisions are not recognised for future operating           contributions have been paid, the Group, as employer, has no
losses.                                                                   further payment obligations. The Group’s contributions are charged
     Where the Group expects a provision to be reimbursed, for            to the income statement in the year to which they relate and are
example under an insurance contract, the reimbursement is                 included in staff costs.
recognised as a separate asset but only when the reimbursement is
virtually certain.                                                        Equity compensation plans
     The Group recognises a provision for onerous contracts when        The Group offers share award and option plans over the Company’s
the expected benefits to be derived from a contract are less than the   ordinary shares for certain employees, including a Save As You Earn
unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contract.        plan (SAYE plan), details of which are given in the Directors’
Contingent liabilities are disclosed if there is a possible future      Remuneration Report and in note 31.
obligation as a result of a past event, or if there is a present             The Group accounts for options and awards under equity
obligation as a result of a past event but either a payment is not      compensation plans, which were granted after 7 November 2002,
probable or the amount cannot be reasonably estimated.                  until such time as they are fully vested, using the fair value based
                                                                        method of accounting (the ‘fair value method’). Under this method,
(AB) Employee benefits                                                  the cost of providing equity compensation plans is based on the fair
Pension obligations                                                     value of the share awards or option plans at date of grant, which is
The Group operates a number of pension schemes, whose members recognised in the income statement over the expected vesting
receive benefits on either a defined benefit or defined contribution    period of the related employees and credited to the equity
basis. Under a defined contribution plan, the Group’s legal or          compensation reserve, part of shareholders’ funds. In certain
constructive obligation is limited to the amount it agrees to           jurisdictions, awards must be settled in cash instead of shares, and
contribute to a fund and there is no obligation to pay further          the credit is taken to liabilities rather than reserves. The fair value of
contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay        these cash-settled awards is recalculated each year, with the income
benefits. A defined benefit pension plan is a pension plan that is not statement charge and liability being adjusted accordingly.
a defined contribution plan and typically defines the amount of              Shares purchased by employee share trusts to fund these
pension benefit that an employee will receive on retirement.            awards are shown as deduction from shareholders’ equity at their
     The defined benefit obligation is calculated by independent        weighted average cost.
actuaries using the projected unit credit method. The pension                When the options are exercised and new shares are issued, the
obligation is measured as the present value of the estimated future     proceeds received, net of any transaction costs, are credited to
cash outflows, using a discount rate based on market yields for high- share capital (par value) and the balance to share premium. Where
quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in         the shares are already held by employee trusts, the net proceeds are
which the benefits will be paid and that have terms to maturity         credited against the cost of these shares, with the difference
approximating to the terms of the related pension liability. The        between cost and proceeds being taken to retained earnings. In
resultant net surplus or deficit recognised as an asset or liability on both cases, the relevant amount in the equity compensation reserve
the statement of financial position is the present value of the         is then credited to retained earnings.
defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period less the
fair value of plan assets.                                              (AC) Income taxes
     Plan assets exclude unpaid contributions due from Group            The current tax expense is based on the taxable profits for the year,
entities to the schemes, and any non-transferrable financial            after any adjustments in respect of prior years. Tax, including tax
instruments issued by a Group entity and held by the schemes. If the relief for losses if applicable, is allocated over profits before taxation
fair value of plan assets exceeds the present value of the defined      and amounts charged or credited to components of other
benefit obligation, the resultant asset is limited to the asset ceiling comprehensive income and equity, as appropriate.
defined as present value of economic benefits available in the form          Provision is made for deferred tax liabilities, or credit taken for
of future refunds from the plan or reductions in contributions to the deferred tax assets, using the liability method, on all material
plan. In order to calculate the present value of economic benefits,     temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
consideration is given to any minimum funding requirements that         and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
apply to any plan in the Group.                                              The principal temporary differences arise from depreciation of
     Remeasurements of defined benefit plans comprise actuarial         property and equipment, revaluation of certain financial assets and
gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes        liabilities including derivative contracts, technical provisions and
in actuarial assumptions, the return on plan assets (excluding net      other insurance items, provisions for pensions and other post-
interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any). The Group       retirement benefits and tax losses carried forward; and, in relation to
recognises remeasurements immediately in other comprehensive            acquisitions, on the difference between the fair values of the net
income and does not reclassify them to the income statement in          assets acquired and their tax base. The rates enacted or
subsequent periods.                                                     substantively enacted at the statement of financial position date are
     Service costs comprising current service costs, past service       used to value the deferred tax assets and liabilities.
costs, gains and losses on curtailments and net interest                     Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is
expense/(income) are charged or credited to the income statement. probable that future taxable profit will be available against which
     Past service costs are recognised at the earlier of the date the   the temporary differences can be utilised. In countries where there is
plan amendment or curtailment occurs or when related                    a history of tax losses, deferred tax assets are only recognised in
restructuring costs are recognised.                                     excess of deferred tax liabilities if there is convincing evidence that
     The Group determines the net interest expense/(income) on the future profits will be available.
net defined benefit liability/(asset) for the period by applying the


                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        104
                          Strategic report              Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Accounting policies      Continued


     Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences arising from          (ii) the instrument is a non-derivative that contains no contractual
investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, except                obligation to deliver a variable number of shares or is a
where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference can be               derivative that will be settled only by the Group exchanging a
controlled and it is probable that the difference will not reverse in             fixed amount of cash or other assets for a fixed number of the
the foreseeable future.                                                           Group’s own equity instruments.
     Deferred taxes are not provided in respect of temporary
differences arising from the initial recognition of goodwill, or from        Share issue costs
the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction which is   Incremental external costs directly attributable to the issue of new
not a business combination and affects neither accounting profit             shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the
nor taxable profit or loss at the time of the transaction.                   proceeds of the issue and disclosed where material.
     Current and deferred tax relating to items recognised in other
comprehensive income and directly in equity are similarly                    Dividends
recognised in other comprehensive income and directly in equity              Interim dividends on ordinary shares are recognised in equity in the
respectively. Deferred tax related to fair value re-measurement of           period in which they are paid. Final dividends on these shares are
available for sale investments, pensions and other post-retirement           recognised when they have been approved by shareholders.
obligations and other amounts charged or credited directly to other          Dividends on preference shares are recognised in the period in
comprehensive income is recognised in the statement of financial             which they are declared and appropriately approved.
position as a deferred tax asset or liability. Current tax on interest
paid on the direct capital instrument and tier 1 notes is credited           Treasury shares
directly in equity.                                                          Where the Company or its subsidiaries purchase the Company’s
     In addition to paying tax on shareholders’ profits (‘shareholder        share capital or obtain rights to purchase its share capital, the
tax’), the Group’s life businesses in the UK, Ireland and Singapore          consideration paid (including any attributable transaction costs net
pay tax on policyholders’ investment returns (‘policyholder tax’) on         of income taxes) is shown as a deduction from total shareholders’
certain products at policyholder tax rates. The incremental tax              equity. Gains and losses on own shares are charged or credited to
borne by the Group represents income tax on policyholder’s                   the treasury share account in equity.
investment return. In jurisdictions where policyholder tax is
applicable, the total tax charge in the income statement is allocated        (AF) Fiduciary activities
between shareholder tax and policyholder tax. The shareholder tax            Assets and income arising from fiduciary activities, together with
is calculated by applying the corporate tax rate to the shareholder          related undertakings to return such assets to customers, are
profit. The difference between the total tax charge and shareholder          excluded from these financial statements where the Group has no
tax is allocated to policyholder tax. This calculation methodology is        contractual rights in the assets and acts in a fiduciary capacity such
consistent with the legislation relating to the calculation of tax on        as nominee, trustee or agent.
shareholder profits. The Group has decided to show separately the
amounts of policyholder tax to provide a meaningful measure of the           (AG) Earnings per share
tax the Group pays on its profit. In the pro forma reconciliations, the      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income
Group adjusted operating profit has been calculated after charging           available to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number
policyholder tax.                                                            of ordinary shares in issue during the year, excluding the weighted
                                                                             average number of treasury shares.
(AD) Borrowings                                                                  Earnings per share has also been calculated on Group adjusted
Borrowings are classified as being for either core structural or             operating profit attributable to ordinary shareholders, net of tax,
operational purposes. They are recognised initially at their issue           non-controlling interests, preference dividends, the direct capital
proceeds less transaction costs incurred. Subsequently, most                 instrument (the DCI) and tier one notes as the directors believe this
borrowings are stated at amortised cost, and any difference                  figure provides a better indication of operating performance. Details
between net proceeds and the redemption value is recognised in               are given in note 14.
the income statement over the period of the borrowings using the                 For the diluted earnings per share, the weighted average
effective interest rate method. All borrowing costs are expensed as          number of ordinary shares in issue is adjusted to assume conversion
they are incurred except where they are directly attributable to the         of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, such as convertible debt and
acquisition or construction of property and equipment as described           share options granted to employees.
in accounting policy P.                                                          Potential or contingent share issuances are treated as dilutive
     Where loan notes have been issued in connection with certain            when their conversion to shares would decrease net earnings per
securitised mortgage loans, the Group has taken advantage of the             share.
fair value option under IAS 39 to present the mortgages, associated
liabilities and derivative financial instruments at fair value, since        (AH) Operations held for sale
they are managed as a portfolio on a fair value basis. This                  Assets and liabilities held for disposal as part of operations which
presentation provides more relevant information and eliminates any           are held for sale are shown separately in the consolidated statement
accounting mismatch which would otherwise arise from using                   of financial position. Operations held for sale are recorded at the
different measurement bases for these three items.                           lower of their carrying amount and their fair value less the estimated
                                                                             selling costs.
(AE) Share capital and treasury shares
Equity instruments
An equity instrument is a contract that evidences a residual interest
in the assets of an entity after deducting all its liabilities.
Accordingly, a financial instrument is treated as equity if:
(i) there is no contractual obligation to deliver cash or other
     financial assets or to exchange financial assets or liabilities on
     terms that may be unfavourable; and



                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          105
                              Strategic report                Governance       IFRS financial statements   Other information


Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated income statement
For the year ended 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                                         2017      2016
                                                                                                                           Note           £m        £m

Income                                                                                                                          5
Gross written premiums                                                                                                               27,606     25,442
Premiums ceded to reinsurers                                                                                                         (2,229)     (2,364)
Premiums written net of reinsurance                                                                                                  25,377     23,078
Net change in provision for unearned premiums                                                                                          (153)      (210)
Net earned premiums                                                                                                             H    25,224     22,868
Fee and commission income                                                                                                      I&J    2,187      1,962
Net investment income                                                                                                           K    22,066     30,257
Share of profit after tax of joint ventures and associates                                                                               41        216
Profit/(loss) on the disposal and remeasurement of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                 3b       135         (11)
                                                                                                                                     49,653     55,292
Expenses                                                                                                                        6
Claims and benefits paid, net of recoveries from reinsurers                                                                          (24,113)   (23,782)
Change in insurance liabilities, net of reinsurance                                                                       40a(ii)     (1,074)    (6,893)
Change in investment contract provisions                                                                                             (13,837)   (14,039)
Change in unallocated divisible surplus                                                                                        45        294       (381)
Fee and commission expense                                                                                                            (4,329)    (3,885)
Other expenses                                                                                                                        (3,537)    (3,853)
Finance costs                                                                                                                   7       (683)      (626)
                                                                                                                                     (47,279)   (53,459)
Profit before tax                                                                                                                     2,374      1,833
Tax attributable to policyholders' returns                                                                                  13d         (371)     (640)
Profit before tax attributable to shareholders' profits                                                                               2,003      1,193
Tax expense                                                                                                              AC & 13        (728)     (974)
Less: tax attributable to policyholders' returns                                                                            13d          371       640
Tax attributable to shareholders' profits                                                                                   13d         (357)     (334)
Profit for the year                                                                                                                   1,646        859

Attributable to:
Equity holders of Aviva plc                                                                                                           1,497        703
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                      38       149        156
Profit for the year                                                                                                                   1,646        859
Earnings per share                                                                                                       AG & 14
Basic (pence per share)                                                                                                               35.0p      15.3p
Diluted (pence per share)                                                                                                             34.6p      15.1p




The accounting policies (identified alphabetically) on pages 93 to 105 and notes (identified numerically) on pages 113 to 228 are an integral
part of the financial statements.

                                                          Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                             106
                              Strategic report            Governance           IFRS financial statements         Other information


Consolidated financial statements          Continued


Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                                             2017     2016
                                                                                                                                  Note        £m       £m

Profit for the year                                                                                                                        1,646     859

Other comprehensive income:
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to income statement
Investments classified as available for sale
  Fair value (losses)/gains                                                                                                          36       (7)      12
  Fair value gains transferred to profit on disposals                                                                                36       (2)       (2)
Share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures and associates                                                                 36        6        (6)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                  36, 38       68    1,128
Aggregate tax effect – shareholder tax on items that may be reclassified subsequently to income statement                          13b         5      (34)

Items that will not be reclassified to income statement
Owner-occupied properties – fair value (losses)/gains                                                                                36       (1)       4
Remeasurements of pension schemes                                                                                             37, 48b(i)      (5)    311
Aggregate tax effect – shareholder tax on items that will not be reclassified subsequently to income statement                     13b         5      (70)
Total other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                                                  69    1,343
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                                    1,715    2,202

Attributable to:
Equity holders of Aviva plc                                                                                                                1,523    1,901
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                    192      301
                                                                                                                                           1,715    2,202




The accounting policies (identified alphabetically) on pages 93 to 105 and notes (identified numerically) on pages 113 to 228 are an integral
part of the financial statements.


                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            107
                                        Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Consolidated financial statements                          Continued


Reconciliation of Group adjusted operating profit to profit for the year
For the year ended 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                                                                                                               2017             2016
                                                                                                                                                                                               Note             £m               £m

Group adjusted operating profit before tax attributable to shareholders' profits
Life business                                                                                                                                                                                              2,882             2,642
General insurance and health                                                                                                                                                                                 700               833
Fund management                                                                                                                                                                                              164               138
Other:
   Other operations                                                                                                                                                                                          (169)              (94)
   Corporate centre                                                                                                                                                                                          (184)             (184)
   Group debt costs and other interest                                                                                                                                                                       (325)             (325)
Group adjusted operating profit before tax attributable to shareholders' profits                                                                                                                           3,068             3,010
Integration and restructuring costs                                                                                                                                                                6         (141)             (212)
Group adjusted operating profit before tax attributable to shareholders' profits after integration and restructuring
  costs                                                                                                                                                                                                    2,927             2,798
Adjusted for the following:
Investment return variances and economic assumption changes on long-term business                                                                                                                  8           34               379
Short-term fluctuation in return on investments on non-long-term business                                                                                                                         9a         (345)             (518)
Economic assumption changes on general insurance and health business                                                                                                                              9a           (7)             (242)
Impairment of goodwill, associates and joint ventures and other amounts expensed                                                                                                           16a, 19b           (49)                —
Amortisation and impairment of intangibles                                                                                                                                                                   (197)             (175)
Amortisation and impairment of acquired value of in-force business                                                                                                                   17, 18(a), 19(b)        (495)             (540)
Profit/(loss) on the disposal and remeasurement of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                                                                    3b          135                (11)
Other1                                                                                                                                                                                                         —               (498)
Adjusting items before tax                                                                                                                                                                                   (924)          (1,605)
Profit before tax attributable to shareholders' profits                                                                                                                                                    2,003             1,193
Tax on Group adjusted operating profit                                                                                                                                                        14a(i)        (639)             (706)
Tax on other activities                                                                                                                                                                       14a(i)         282               372
                                                                                                                                                                                                            (357)             (334)
Profit for the year                                                                                                                                                                                        1,646               859
1   Other items include an exceptional charge of £nil (2016:£475 million) relating to the impact of the change in the Ogden discount rate from 2.5% set in 2001 to minus 0.75% announced by the Lord Chancellor on 27 February
    2017. Other items also include a charge of £nil (2016: £23 million), which represents the recognition of the loss upon the completion of an outwards reinsurance contract, written in 2015 by the UK General Insurance business,
    which provides significant protection against claims volatility from mesothelioma, industrial deafness and other long tail risks. The £23 million loss comprises £107 million in premiums ceded, less £78 million in reinsurance
    recoverables recognised and £6 million claims handling provisions released.




The accounting policies (identified alphabetically) on pages 93 to 105 and notes (identified numerically) on pages 113 to 228 are an integral
part of the financial statements.

                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       108
                                          Strategic report                        Governance                    IFRS financial statements                       Other information


Consolidated financial statements                         Continued


Reconciliation of Group adjusted operating profit to profit for the year continued
Group adjusted operating profit can be further analysed into the following segments (details of segments can be found in note 4):
                                                                                                                                                                  General
                                                                                                                                                  Long-term insurance and             Fund            Other
                                                                                                                                                    business       health       management        operations           Total
Year ended 31 December 2017                                                                                                                              £m            £m               £m               £m              £m

United Kingdom                                                                                                                                      1,758              443               —              (26)          2,175
Canada                                                                                                                                                 —                46               —               —               46
France                                                                                                                                                425              104               —              (29)            500
Poland                                                                                                                                                156               21               —                6             183
Italy, Ireland, Spain and Other                                                                                                                       292               98               —              (14)            376
Asia                                                                                                                                                  235               (8)              (4)            (32)            191
Aviva Investors                                                                                                                                         1               —               168              32             201
Other Group activities                                                                                                                                 15               (4)              —             (106)            (95)
                                                                                                                                                    2,882              700              164            (169)          3,577
Corporate Centre                                                                                                                                                                                                      (184)
Group debt costs and other interest                                                                                                                                                                                   (325)
Total                                                                                                                                                                                                                 3,068

                                                                                                                                                                     General
                                                                                                                                                  Long-term    insurance and          Fund             Other
                                                                                                                                                   business           health    management         operations           Total
Year ended 31 December 2016 – restated1                                                                                                                  £m               £m            £m                £m             £m

United Kingdom                                                                                                                                       1,523              423              —                 2          1,948
Canada                                                                                                                                                  —               269              —                 1            270
France                                                                                                                                                 429                70             —               (18)           481
Poland                                                                                                                                                 132                 8             —                 6            146
Italy, Ireland, Spain and Other                                                                                                                        315                90             —               (13)           392
Asia                                                                                                                                                   241               (13)             (1)            (26)           201
Aviva Investors                                                                                                                                          2                —             139               19            160
Other Group activities                                                                                                                                  —                (14)            —               (65)            (79)
                                                                                                                                                     2,642              833             138              (94)         3,519
Corporate Centre                                                                                                                                                                                                       (184)
Group debt costs and other interest                                                                                                                                                                                    (325)
Total                                                                                                                                                                                                                 3,010
1   Following the launch of UK Insurance which brings together UK Life, UK General Insurance and UK Health into a combined business, the Ireland Life and General Insurance businesses have been aligned to the new
    management structure and reported within Europe. As a result, comparatives have been restated.




The accounting policies (identified alphabetically) on pages 93 to 105 and notes (identified numerically) on pages 113 to 228 are an integral
part of the financial statements.


                                                                                 Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                    109
                                          Strategic report                             Governance                      IFRS financial statements                          Other information


Consolidated financial statements                            Continued


Consolidated statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Total equity
                                                                               Ordinary     Preference                                   Currency                                      DCI and      excluding          Non-
                                                                                  share          share      Capital        Treasury    translation          Other      Retained          tier 1          non-    controlling
                                                                                 capital        capital   reserves1          shares        reserve       reserves      earnings         notes      controlling     interests         Total
                                                                                Note 30        Note 33 Note 30b, 35         Note 32       Note 36         Note 36       Note 37        Note 34        interest      Note 38         equity
                                                                                    £m             £m          £m               £m             £m             £m            £m              £m             £m            £m            £m

Balance at 1 January                                                            1,015            200       10,171              (15)       1,146            (349)        4,835         1,123        18,126           1,425       19,551
Profit for the year                                                                —              —            —                —            —               —          1,497            —          1,497             149        1,646
Other comprehensive income                                                         —              —            —                —           121             (93)           (2)           —             26              43           69
Total comprehensive income for the year                                            —              —            —                —           121             (93)        1,495            —          1,523             192        1,715
Owner-occupied properties fair value gains
  transferred to retained earnings on disposals                                       —             —              —              —             —              (2)    2                     —           —                —           —
Dividends and appropriations                                                          —             —              —              —             —              — (1,081)                    —       (1,081)              —       (1,081)
Non-controlling interests share of dividends
  declared in the year                                                                —             —              —              —             —              —             —              —              —         (103)          (103)
Transfer to profit on disposal of subsidiaries, joint
  ventures and associates                                                             —             —              —              —         (126)           137                1            —             12             —             12
Capital contributions from non-controlling
  interests                                                                           —             —              —              —             —              —             —              —              —             36            36
Changes in non-controlling interests in
  subsidiaries                                                                      —               —             —              —              —             —            —                —            —           (315)          (315)
Treasury shares held by subsidiary companies                                        —               —             —              1              —             —            —                —             1            —               1
Reserves credit for equity compensation plans                                       —               —             —              —              —             77           —                —            77            —              77
Shares issued under equity compensation plans                                        2              —             10             —              —            (44)          42               —            10            —              10
Shares purchased in buy-back                                                       (14)             —             14             —              —             —          (300)              —          (300)           —            (300)
Reclassification of tier 1 notes to financial
  liabilities2                                                                        —             —              —              —             —              —           (92)         (392)          (484)             —          (484)
Aggregate tax effect – shareholder tax                                                —             —              —              —             —              —            16            —              16              —            16
Balance at 31 December                                                          1,003            200       10,195              (14)       1,141            (274)        4,918            731       17,900           1,235       19,135
1   Capital reserves consist of share premium of £1,207 million, a capital redemption reserve of £14 million arising as a result of the shares purchased in buy-back and a merger reserve of £8,974 million. See note 30 for further
    details of the shares purchased in buy-back.
2   On 28 September 2017, notification was given that the Group would redeem the $650 million fixed rate tier 1 notes. At that date, the instrument was reclassified as a financial liability of £484 million, representing its fair value
    on translation into sterling on that date. The resulting foreign exchange loss of £92 million has been charged to retained earnings. See note 34 for further details.



For the year ended 31 December 2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Total equity
                                                                                                                                          Currency                                     DCI and      excluding           Non-
                                                                                Ordinary Preference         Capital         Treasury    translation          Other      Retained         tier 1          non-     controlling
                                                                            share capital share capital   reserves1           shares        reserve       reserves      earnings        notes      controlling      interests         Total
                                                                                 Note 30       Note 33 Note 30b, 35          Note 32       Note 36         Note 36       Note 37       Note 34        interest       Note 38         equity
                                                                                     £m            £m          £m                £m             £m             £m            £m            £m              £m             £m           £m

Balance at 1 January                                                            1,012             200       10,159              (29)          165          (279)        4,774          1,123        17,125          1,145        18,270
Profit for the year                                                                —               —            —                —             —             —            703             —            703            156           859
Other comprehensive income                                                         —               —            —                —            988           (32)          242             —          1,198            145         1,343
Total comprehensive income for the year                                            —               —            —                —            988           (32)          945             —          1,901            301         2,202
Owner-occupied properties fair value gains
  transferred to retained earnings on disposals                                       —             —              —             —              —            (46)           46              —             —              —             —
Dividends and appropriations                                                          —             —              —             —              —             —           (973)             —           (973)            —           (973)
Non-controlling interests share of dividends
  declared in the year                                                                —             —              —             —              —              —             —              —              —          (135)          (135)
Transfer to profit on disposal of subsidiaries, joint
  ventures and associates                                                             —             —              —             —              (7)            —             —              —              (7)           —              (7)
Capital contributions from non-controlling
  interests                                                                           —             —              —             —              —              —             —              —              —               9             9
Changes in non-controlling interests in
  subsidiaries                                                                        —             —             —              —              —             —              —              —             —            105            105
Treasury shares held by subsidiary companies                                          —             —             —              13             —             —              —              —             13            —              13
Reserves credit for equity compensation plans                                         —             —             —              —              —             38             —              —             38            —              38
Shares issued under equity compensation plans                                         3             —             12              1             —            (30)            26             —             12            —              12
Aggregate tax effect – shareholder tax                                                —             —             —              —              —             —              17             —             17            —              17
Balance at 31 December                                                           1,015            200       10,171              (15)       1,146           (349)        4,835          1,123        18,126          1,425        19,551
1   Capital reserves consists of share premium of £1,197 million and a merger reserve of £8,974 million.




The accounting policies (identified alphabetically) on pages 93 to 105 and notes (identified numerically) on pages 113 to 228 are an integral
part of the financial statements.


                                                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                         110
                              Strategic report           Governance           IFRS financial statements   Other information


Consolidated financial statements           Continued


Consolidated statement of financial position
As at 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                                         2017       2016
                                                                                                                            Note          £m         £m

Assets
Goodwill                                                                                                                   O & 16      1,876      2,045
Acquired value of in-force business and intangible assets                                                                  O & 17      3,455      5,468
Interests in, and loans to, joint ventures                                                                                 D & 18      1,221      1,604
Interests in, and loans to, associates                                                                                     D & 19        421        481
Property and equipment                                                                                                     P & 20        509        487
Investment property                                                                                                        Q & 21     10,797     10,768
Loans                                                                                                                      V & 23     27,857     24,784
Financial investments                                                                                                 S, T, U & 26   311,082    299,835
Reinsurance assets                                                                                                         N & 43     13,492     26,343
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                      AC & 46         144        180
Current tax assets                                                                                                                        94        119
Receivables                                                                                                                    27      8,285      7,794
Deferred acquisition costs, pension surpluses and other assets                                                             X & 28      6,374      5,893
Prepayments and accrued income                                                                                            X & 28c      2,860      2,882
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                 Y & 55d     43,347     38,708
Assets of operations classified as held for sale                                                                         AH & 3c      10,871     13,028
Total assets                                                                                                                         442,685    440,419
Equity
Capital                                                                                                                        AE
  Ordinary share capital                                                                                                       30      1,003      1,015
  Preference share capital                                                                                                     33        200        200
                                                                                                                                       1,203      1,215
Capital reserves
  Share premium                                                                                                              30b       1,207      1,197
  Capital redemption reserve                                                                                                 30b          14          —
  Merger reserve                                                                                                           D & 35      8,974      8,974
                                                                                                                                      10,195     10,171
Treasury shares                                                                                                                32        (14)        (15)
Currency translation reserve                                                                                                   36      1,141      1,146
Other reserves                                                                                                                 36       (274)      (349)
Retained earnings                                                                                                              37      4,918      4,835
Equity attributable to shareholders of Aviva plc                                                                                      17,169     17,003
Direct capital instrument and tier 1 notes                                                                                     34        731      1,123
Equity excluding non-controlling interests                                                                                            17,900     18,126
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                      38      1,235      1,425
Total equity                                                                                                                          19,135     19,551
Liabilities
Gross insurance liabilities                                                                                                L & 40    148,650    151,183
Gross liabilities for investment contracts                                                                                M & 41     203,986    197,095
Unallocated divisible surplus                                                                                              L & 45      9,082      9,349
Net asset value attributable to unitholders                                                                                     D     18,327     15,638
Pension deficits and other provisions                                                                                 AA, AB & 47      1,429      1,510
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                 AC & 46       2,377      2,413
Current tax liabilities                                                                                                                  290        421
Borrowings                                                                                                               AD & 49      10,286     10,295
Payables and other financial liabilities                                                                                   S & 50     16,459     17,751
Other liabilities                                                                                                              51      2,791      2,719
Liabilities of operations classified as held for sale                                                                    AH & 3c       9,873     12,494
Total liabilities                                                                                                                    423,550    420,868
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                                         442,685    440,419

Approved by the Board on 7 March 2018



Thomas D. Stoddard
Chief Financial Officer


Company number: 2468686




The accounting policies (identified alphabetically) on pages 93 to 105 and notes (identified numerically) on pages 113 to 228 are an integral
part of the financial statements.

                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            111
                                          Strategic report                              Governance                      IFRS financial statements                          Other information


Consolidated financial statements                            Continued


Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 December 2017

The cash flows presented in this statement cover all the Group’s activities and include flows from both policyholder and shareholder
activities. All cash and cash equivalents are available for use by the Group.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       2017      2016
                                                                                                                                                                                          Note          £m        £m

Cash flows from operating activities1
Cash generated from operating activities                                                                                                                                                   55a       8,361     5,394
Tax paid                                                                                                                                                                                              (620)     (647)
Total net cash from operating activities                                                                                                                                                             7,741     4,747
Cash flows from investing activities
Acquisitions of, and additions to, subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, net of cash acquired                                                                                       55b          25      (432)
Disposals of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, net of cash transferred                                                                                                          55c         (49)       42
New loans to joint ventures and associates                                                                                                                                                     18       —          (3)
Repayment of loans to joint ventures and associates                                                                                                                                            18       —         97
Net repayment of loans to joint ventures and associates                                                                                                                                                 —         94
Purchases of property and equipment                                                                                                                                                            20      (69)      (67)
Proceeds on sale of property and equipment                                                                                                                                                               5        75
Purchases of intangible assets                                                                                                                                                                        (107)     (119)
Total net cash (used in)/from investing activities                                                                                                                                                    (195)     (407)
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from issue of ordinary shares                                                                                                                                                                  12         15
Shares purchased in buy-back                                                                                                                                                                   30     (300)        —
Treasury shares distributed from employee trusts                                                                                                                                               32       —          —
New borrowings drawn down, net of expenses                                                                                                                                                           1,320     3,526
Repayment of borrowings2                                                                                                                                                                            (1,904)   (2,340)
Net (repayment)/drawdown of borrowings                                                                                                                                                         49     (584)    1,186
Interest paid on borrowings                                                                                                                                                                           (610)     (595)
Preference dividends paid                                                                                                                                                                      15      (17)       (17)
Ordinary dividends paid                                                                                                                                                                        15     (983)     (871)
Coupon payments on direct capital instrument and tier 1 notes                                                                                                                                  15      (81)       (85)
Capital contributions from non-controlling interests of subsidiaries                                                                                                                           38       36          9
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests of subsidiaries                                                                                                                                    38     (103)     (135)
Changes in controlling interest in subsidiaries                                                                                                                                                38       —        105
Total net cash (used in)/from financing activities                                                                                                                                                  (2,630)     (388)
Total net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                      4,916     3,952
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                                                                                                                              38,405    33,170
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                           266     1,283
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                                                                                                                                   55d      43,587    38,405
1   Cash flows from operating activities include interest received of £5,302 million (2016: £5,642 million) and dividends received of £2,606 million (2016: £2,536 million).
2   Includes redemption of 8.25% US $650 million fixed rate tier 1 notes of £488 million.




The accounting policies (identified alphabetically) on pages 93 to 105 and notes (identified numerically) on pages 113 to 228 are an integral
part of the financial statements.

                                                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                          112
                           Strategic report           Governance          IFRS financial statements      Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements

1 – Prior period adjustments
During 2017, following the launch of UK Insurance which brings together the UK Life, UK General Insurance and UK Health businesses, the
Ireland Life and General Insurance businesses have been aligned to the new management structure and reported within Europe. The UK
Insurance business continues to be dealt with as two businesses, UK Life and UK General Insurance & Health, under the overall leadership
of Andy Briggs, CEO of UK Insurance. The Ireland Life and General Insurance businesses are now part of the European operations under the
overall leadership of Maurice Tulloch, CEO of International Insurance. As a result of this change, comparative information in the
Reconciliation of Group adjusted operating profit to profit for the year, note 4 Segmental information and note 10 Employee information
have been restated. There is no impact on the consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
consolidated statement of financial position, consolidated statement of changes in equity or consolidated statement of cash flows.
2 – Exchange rates
The Group’s principal overseas operations during the year were located within the eurozone, Canada and Poland. The results and cash
flows of these operations have been translated into sterling at the average rates for the year and the assets and liabilities have been
translated at the year end rates as follows:
                                                                                                                                   2017       2016

Eurozone
Average rate (€1 equals)                                                                                                         £0.88      £0.82
Period end rate (€1 equals)                                                                                                      £0.89      £0.85
Canada
Average rate ($CAD1 equals)                                                                                                      £0.60      £0.56
Period end rate ($CAD1 equals)                                                                                                   £0.59      £0.60
Poland
Average rate (PLN1 equals)                                                                                                       £0.21      £0.19
Period end rate (PLN1 equals)                                                                                                    £0.21      £0.19


3 – Subsidiaries
This note provides details of the acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates that the Group has made during
the year, together with details of businesses held for sale at the year end and subsequent events.

(a) Acquisitions
(i) Poland
As a result of changes agreed by Aviva and Santander to the shareholders’ agreement, Aviva now controls the two joint venture companies
and consolidates them with an effective date of 1 January 2017. The change from equity accounted joint ventures to consolidated
subsidiaries resulted in a fair value remeasurement gain of £16 million on the previous equity interests of £48 million and recognition of a
distribution agreement within intangible assets.

(ii) Aviva Vietnam
On 21 April 2017, Aviva plc announced the acquisition of VietinBank’s entire 50% shareholding in its life insurance joint venture VietinBank
Aviva Life Insurance Company Limited (‘Aviva Vietnam’) for a consideration of £20 million and signing of a new life insurance distribution
agreement. Following completion of the transaction on 22 May 2017, Aviva Vietnam is now a wholly owned subsidiary, with a change in the
legal entity name to Aviva Vietnam Life Insurance Company Limited. The change from an equity accounted joint venture to consolidated
subsidiary resulted in a fair value remeasurement gain of £7 million on the previous equity interest of £2 million and recognition of £18
million of goodwill and intangible assets.

(iii) Wealthify
On 5 October 2017, Aviva announced an agreement to acquire a majority shareholding in Wealthify Group Limited, the holding company of
Wealthify. The investment is part of Aviva’s strategy to build customer loyalty by providing customers with a wide range of insurance and
investment services all managed through the convenience and simplicity of Aviva's digital hub, MyAviva. The transaction completed on 8
February 2018.

(iv) Friends First
On 13 November 2017, Aviva announced that it has reached an agreement to acquire Irish insurer Friends First Life Assurance Company dac
(‘Friends First’) for a cash consideration of €130 million (approximately £116 million). As a result of this acquisition, Aviva will become one of
the largest composite insurers in Ireland, with its market share in life insurance increasing to 15%, alongside its existing leading 15% market
share in general insurance. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to complete in the first quarter of 2018.




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        113
                            Strategic report             Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements        Continued


3 – Subsidiaries continued
(b) Disposal and remeasurement of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
The profit/(loss) on the disposal and remeasurement of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates comprises:
                                                                                                                                    2017       2016
                                                                                                                                     £m         £m

Remeasurements due to change in control status
  Poland (see (a) (i) above)                                                                                                        16          —
  Asia – Vietnam (see (a) (ii) above)                                                                                                7          —
Disposals
  France – Antarius (see (b) (i) below)                                                                                            180          —
  France – health (see (b) (ii) below)                                                                                              36          —
  Spain (see (b) (iii) below)                                                                                                       28          —
  Ireland – health                                                                                                                  —           (8)
  Other small operations                                                                                                            (7)         (3)
Held for sale remeasurements
  Asia – FPI (see (c) (ii) below)                                                                                                  (118)        —
  Asia – Taiwan (see (c) (iii) below)                                                                                                (7)        —
Total profit/(loss) on disposal and remeasurement                                                                                  135         (11)

This consists of £23 million of remeasurement gains in respect of the joint venture operations in Poland (see note 3 (a)(i) above) and Aviva
Vietnam (see note 3 (a)(ii) above); £237 million profit on the disposals of Antarius, France health, three businesses in Spain (see note 3 (b)(i),
(ii) and (iii) below for further details respectively) and other small operations; offset by £125 million of remeasurement losses in relation to
FPI and Taiwan (see note 3 (c)(ii) and (c)(iii) for further details respectively).

(i) Antarius
On 5 April 2017, Aviva announced that it had completed the sale of its entire 50% shareholding in Antarius to Sogecap, a subsidiary of
Société Générale, for a consideration of €500 million (approximately £433 million). Antarius was owned jointly by Aviva and Crédit du Nord,
a separate subsidiary of Société Générale. The transaction resulted in a profit on disposal of £180 million, calculated as follows:
                                                                                                                                                £m

Assets
Goodwill, AVIF and other intangibles                                                                                                           12
Investment property                                                                                                                            49
Loans                                                                                                                                          78
Financial investments                                                                                                                      10,873
Reinsurance assets                                                                                                                            408
Other assets                                                                                                                                1,499
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                     468
Total assets                                                                                                                               13,387
Liabilities
Insurance liabilities                                                                                                                       4,720
Liability for investment contracts                                                                                                          7,247
Unallocated divisible surplus                                                                                                                 832
Other liabilities                                                                                                                              34
Total liabilities                                                                                                                          12,833
Net assets                                                                                                                                    554
Non-controlling interests before disposal                                                                                                    (277)
Group’s share of net assets disposed of                                                                                                       277
Cash consideration                                                                                                                            433
Less: transaction costs                                                                                                                        (2)
Net consideration                                                                                                                             431
Currency translation reserve and other reserves recycled to the income statement                                                               26
Profits on disposal                                                                                                                           180

(ii) France – health
On 1 November 2017, Aviva France disposed of a broker distributed individual health insurance portfolio to Malakoff Médéric (MM), a
leading French mutual health insurer for cash consideration of €41 million (approximately £36 million), after transaction costs. Net assets
disposed of were £nil, primarily relating to intangible assets not recognised by the Group under IFRS, resulting in a profit on disposal of
approximately £36 million.




                                                        Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                           114
                                        Strategic report                            Governance                     IFRS financial statements             Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                  Continued


3 – Subsidiaries continued
(iii) Spain
On 15 September 2017, Aviva announced that it had completed the sale of its 50% shareholding in life insurance and pension partnerships
Unicorp Vida and Caja España Vida, as well as its wholly owned retail life business Aviva Vida y Pensiones, to Santalucía for a total
consideration of €475 million (approximately £400 million). The transaction resulted in a profit on disposal of £28 million, calculated as
follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                           £m

Assets
Goodwill, AVIF and other intangibles                                                                                                                                                      161
Financial investments                                                                                                                                                                   4,402
Other assets                                                                                                                                                                              154
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                                 440
Total assets                                                                                                                                                                            5,157
Liabilities
Insurance liabilities                                                                                                                                                                   3,777
Unallocated divisible surplus                                                                                                                                                             244
Net asset value attributable to unitholders                                                                                                                                               551
Other liabilities                                                                                                                                                                         149
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                                                       4,721
Net assets                                                                                                                                                                                436
Non-controlling interests before disposal                                                                                                                                                (116)
Group’s share of net assets disposed of                                                                                                                                                   320
Cash consideration1                                                                                                                                                                       400
Less: transaction costs                                                                                                                                                                   (10)
Net consideration                                                                                                                                                                         390
Currency translation reserve and other reserves recycled to the income statement                                                                                                          (42)
Profits on disposal                                                                                                                                                                        28
1   Cash consideration of £400 million above includes a loss of £22 million related to hedging the currency exposure on expected proceeds of the sale.


(c) Assets and liabilities of operations classified as held for sale
The assets and liabilities of operations classified as held for sale as at 31 December 2017 are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                2017      2016
                                                                                                                                                                                 £m        £m

Assets
Goodwill, AVIF and other intangibles                                                                                                                                          1,467        12
Property and equipment                                                                                                                                                            5        —
Investment property                                                                                                                                                              —         48
Loans                                                                                                                                                                             6        75
Financial investments                                                                                                                                                         8,306    10,706
Reinsurance assets                                                                                                                                                              123       411
Other assets                                                                                                                                                                    225     1,521
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                       739       255
Total assets                                                                                                                                                                 10,871    13,028
Liabilities
Insurance liabilities                                                                                                                                                          (914)    (4,448)
Liability for investment contracts                                                                                                                                           (8,663)    (7,175)
Unallocated divisible surplus                                                                                                                                                   (19)      (859)
Other liabilities                                                                                                                                                              (277)       (12)
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                                            (9,873)   (12,494)
Net assets                                                                                                                                                                     998        534

Assets and liabilities of operations classified as held for sale as at 31 December 2017 relate to the expected disposal of two businesses in
Italy, the international operations of Friends Life (‘FPI’), Aviva Taiwan and the remaining life insurance businesses in Spain. See below for
further details. Assets and liabilities of operations classified as held for sale during 2016 relate to Antarius (see note 3 (b)(i) for further
details) disposed of during 2017.




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      115
                           Strategic report           Governance          IFRS financial statements      Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements     Continued


3 – Subsidiaries continued
(i) Italy
On 29 September 2017, Aviva announced that it had agreed the sale of its entire shareholding of Avipop Assicurazioni S.p.A and Avipop Vita
S.p.A to Banco BPM for a consideration of €265 million (approximately £233 million) payable in cash upon completion. This agreement
follows a notification received by Aviva on 29 June 2017 of Banco BPM’s intention to not renew its distribution agreement with Aviva and
Aviva's subsequent decision, announced on 25 August 2017, to exercise its put option. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval and
is expected to complete in 2018. In accordance with IFRS 5, these businesses have been classified as held for sale from June 2017. These
businesses are measured at their carrying amount and remain consolidated subsidiaries of Aviva at the balance sheet date.

(ii) FPI
On 19 July 2017, Aviva announced the sale of Friends Provident International Limited (‘FPI’) to RL360 Holding Company Limited, a
subsidiary of International Financial Group Limited, for a total consideration of £340 million. The transaction is subject to regulatory
approvals and is expected to complete in the first half of 2018. In accordance with IFRS 5, the subsidiary has been classified as held for sale
from July 2017 and has been re-measured at fair value based on the expected sales price less costs to sell, calculated as £334 million, after
deducting a £6 million reinsurance recapture fee between FPI and Aviva Re Limited which is embedded in the sale agreement. This resulted
in a total loss on re-measurement of £118 million in 2017. The business remains a consolidated subsidiary of Aviva at the balance sheet
date.

(iii) Taiwan
On 13 October 2017, Aviva announced that it has agreed to sell its entire 49% shareholding in its joint venture in Taiwan, First Aviva Life
(‘Aviva Taiwan’) to Aviva’s joint venture partner, First Financial Holding Co. Ltd. (‘FFH’). In accordance with IFRS 5, the joint venture has been
classified as held for sale from October 2017 and has been re-measured at fair value based on the expected sales prices less costs to sell
resulting in a total loss on re-measurement of £7 million in the second half of 2017 following its classification as held for sale. The business
remains a joint venture of Aviva at the balance sheet date and was subsequently disposed of on 19 January 2018 following completion of
the transaction.

(iv) Spain
On 23 February 2018, Aviva announced that it has agreed to sell its entire shareholding in the life insurance and pensions joint ventures
Cajamurcia Vida and Caja Granada Vida to Bankia, for a total consideration of €202 million. The transaction is subject to regulatory and
anti-trust approvals and is expected to complete in the second quarter of 2018. Following completion of the transaction, Aviva will retain a
shareholding in a small life insurance operation, Pelayo Vida, and a residual support centre in Spain. In accordance with IFRS 5, these
businesses have been classified as held for sale from December 2017, when management were committed to a plan to sell the businesses.
The businesses are measured at their carrying amount and remain consolidated subsidiaries of Aviva at the balance sheet date.

(d) Subsequent events
On 13 February 2018, Aviva announced that it has completed the transaction to develop a digital insurance joint venture in Hong Kong with
Hillhouse Capital Group (‘Hillhouse’) and Tencent Holdings Limited (‘Tencent’). The joint venture has been approved by the Hong Kong
Insurance Authority and is expected to start operating under its new corporate structure during the first half of 2018. This follows the
announcement on 20 January 2017 by which Hillhouse and Tencent have acquired a combined 60% shareholding in Aviva Life Insurance
Company Limited (‘Aviva Hong Kong’).

(e) Significant restrictions
In certain jurisdictions the ability of subsidiaries to transfer funds to the Group in the form of cash dividends or to repay loans and advances
is subject to local corporate or insurance laws and regulations and solvency requirements. There are no protective rights of non-controlling
interests which significantly restrict the Group’s ability to access or use the assets and settle the liabilities of the Group.




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        116
                           Strategic report          Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements    Continued


4 – Segmental information
The Group’s results can be segmented either by activity or by geography. Our primary reporting format is along market reporting lines, with
supplementary information being given by business activity. This note provides segmental information on the consolidated income
statement and consolidated statement of financial position.

(a) Operating segments
Following the launch of UK Insurance which brings together the UK Life, UK General Insurance and UK Health businesses, the Group’s
operating segments were changed to align them with the new management structure (see note 1 for further details). The revised segments
are set out below. Results for prior years have been restated to facilitate comparison with this new structure.

United Kingdom
United Kingdom comprises two operating segments – Life and General Insurance. The principal activities of our UK Life operations
(including Friends Life) are life insurance, long-term health and accident insurance, savings, pensions and annuity business. UK General
Insurance provides insurance cover to individuals and businesses, for risks associated mainly with motor vehicles, property and liability
(such as employers’ liability and professional indemnity liability) and medical expenses.

Canada
The principal activity of the Canadian operation is general insurance. In particular it provides personal and commercial lines insurance
products principally distributed through insurance brokers. Canada includes the operations of RBC General Insurance Company following
its acquisition on 1 July 2016.

France
The principal activities of our French operations are long-term business and general insurance. The long-term business offers a range of
long-term insurance and savings products, primarily for individuals, with a focus on the unit-linked market. The general insurance business
predominantly sells personal and small commercial lines insurance products through agents and a direct insurer. As set out in note 3(b),
the results of Antarius are included up to the date of disposal on 5 April 2017.

Poland
Activities in Poland comprise long-term business and general insurance operations, including our long-term business in Lithuania.

Italy, Ireland, Spain and Other
These countries are not individually significant at a Group level, so have been aggregated into a single reporting segment in line with IFRS 8.
The principal activities of our Italian and Irish operations are long-term business and general insurance. Ireland also includes the results of
our Ireland Health business, up to the date of disposal on 1 August 2016. The principal activity of our Spanish operation is the sale of long-
term business, accident and health insurance and a selection of savings products. Our ‘Other’ operations include our life operations in
Turkey. As set out in note 3(b), the results of certain entities within our Spanish business are included up to the date of disposal on 15
September 2017 and as set out in note 3(c), certain entities within our Italian business and the remaining entities within our Spanish
business are classified as held for sale as at 31 December 2017.

Asia
Our activities in Asia principally comprise our long-term business operations in China, India, Singapore, Hong Kong, Vietnam, Indonesia,
Taiwan and the international operations of Friends Life. This segment also includes general insurance and health operations in Singapore
and health operations in Indonesia. As set out in note 3(c), Taiwan and the international operations of Friends Life are classified as held for
sale as at 31 December 2017.

Aviva Investors
Aviva Investors operates in most of the markets in which the Group operates, in particular the UK, France, North America, Asia Pacific and
other international businesses, managing policyholders’ and shareholders’ invested funds, providing investment management services for
institutional pension fund mandates and managing a range of retail investment products, including investment funds, unit trusts, OEICs
and ISAs.

Other Group activities
Investment return on centrally held assets and head office expenses, such as Group treasury and finance functions, together with certain
taxes and financing costs arising on central borrowings are included in ‘Other Group activities’, along with central core structural
borrowings and certain tax balances in the segmental statement of financial position. The results of our internal reinsurance operations are
also included in this segment, as are the elimination entries for certain inter-segment transactions.




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       117
                                        Strategic report                            Governance                       IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                  Continued


4 – Segmental information continued
Measurement basis
The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those for the Group as a whole. Any transactions between the business segments
are subject to normal commercial terms and market conditions. The Group evaluates performance of operating segments on the basis of:
(i) profit or loss from operations before tax attributable to shareholders
(ii) profit or loss from operations before tax attributable to shareholders, adjusted for items outside the segment management’s control,
     including investment market performance and fiscal policy changes.

(a) (i) Segmental income statement for the year ended 31 December 2017
                                                                                                 United Kingdom                                                    Europe
                                                                                                                                                                     Italy,
                                                                                                                                                                  Ireland,                                    Other
                                                                                                                                                                Spain and                        Aviva        Group
                                                                                                Life            GI      Canada         France        Poland         Other           Asia     Investors2    activities3       Total
                                                                                                £m             £m          £m             £m             £m            £m            £m            £m             £m           £m

Gross written premiums                                                                     6,872         4,355          3,138         5,692            594        5,923         1,032               —            —       27,606
Premiums ceded to reinsurers                                                              (1,531)         (271)          (110)          (78)           (11)        (101)         (127)              —            —       (2,229)
Internal reinsurance revenue                                                                  —             (6)            —             —              —            (9)          (10)              —            25          —
Premiums written net of reinsurance                                                        5,341         4,078          3,028         5,614            583        5,813            895              —            25      25,377
Net change in provision for unearned premiums                                                 —            (63)           (84)           23              3          (21)           (11)             —            —         (153)
Net earned premiums                                                                        5,341         4,015          2,944         5,637            586        5,792            884            —              25 25,224
Fee and commission income                                                                    906           121             24           316             83          141            193           407             (4) 2,187
                                                                                          6,247          4,136          2,968         5,953            669        5,933         1,077            407            21       27,411
Net investment income                                                                    16,202            138             86         2,613            292          811         1,465            136           323       22,066
Inter-segment revenue                                                                        —              —              —             —              —            —             —             239            —           239
Share of profit of joint ventures and associates                                             72             —              —             14             —            12           (57)            —             —            41
Profit/(loss) on the disposal and remeasurement of
  subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                    —             —             —           216            16             28         (118)             —            (7)         135
Segmental income1                                                                        22,521          4,274          3,054         8,796            977        6,784         2,367            782           337       49,892
Claims and benefits paid, net of recoveries from reinsurers                             (10,783) (2,547) (1,902) (5,145)                             (397) (2,799)                (526)           —            (14) (24,113)
Change in insurance liabilities, net of reinsurance                                       1,380      78    (221)   (804)                             (134)   (928)                (450)           —              5 (1,074)
Change in investment contract provisions                                                 (9,041)     —       — (1,591)                                 — (2,121)                  (947)         (137)           — (13,837)
Change in unallocated divisible surplus                                                     195      —       —      153                                (2)     85                 (137)           —             —       294
Fee and commission expense                                                                 (496) (1,268)   (796)   (703)                             (134)   (421)                (144)          (39)         (328) (4,329)
Other expenses                                                                           (1,385)   (221)   (178)   (281)                             (102)   (229)                (298)         (418)         (425) (3,537)
Inter-segment expenses                                                                     (207)     (8)     (6)      2                                (6)    (12)                  —             —             (2)    (239)
Finance costs                                                                              (233)     (1)     (5)     (1)                               —       (7)                  (3)           —           (433)    (683)
Segmental expenses                                                                      (20,570) (3,967) (3,108) (8,370)                             (775) (6,432) (2,505)                      (594) (1,197) (47,518)
Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                   1,951            307            (54)         426            202           352          (138)          188          (860)       2,374
Tax attributable to policyholders’ returns                                                  (330)            —              —            —              —             (4)          (37)           —             —          (371)
Profit/(loss) before tax attributable to shareholders’
  profits                                                                                  1,621            307            (54)         426            202           348          (175)          188          (860)       2,003
Adjusting items:
Reclassification of corporate costs and unallocated interest                                     —           (12)           28            48             —             —             —               5          (69)              —
Investment return variances and economic assumption
  changes on long-term business                                                              (323)             —             —           249             (7)           12            38             —            (3)             (34)
Short-term fluctuation in return on investments backing
  non-long-term business                                                                         —            56              7          (26)            (3)           27            —              —          284           345
Economic assumption changes on general insurance and
  health business                                                                                —            18             (2)           (9)           —             —             —              —             —                7
Impairment of goodwill, joint ventures and associates and
  other amounts expensed                                                                       —              —              2             —             —             —            47              —            —            49
Amortisation and impairment of intangibles                                                     74             31            50             1             7             5             9              5            15          197
Amortisation and impairment of AVIF                                                           327             —             —              2             —             1           154              —            11          495
(Profit)/loss on the disposal and remeasurement of
  subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                    —             —             —         (216)           (16)          (28)          118              —              7        (135)
Group adjusted operating profit before tax attributable
  to shareholders' profits after integration and
  restructuring costs                                                                      1,699            400             31          475            183           365           191           198          (615)       2,927
Integration and restructuring costs                                                             65            11            15            25             —             11            —               3           11          141
Group adjusted operating profit/(loss) before tax
  attributable to shareholders’ profits                                                    1,764            411             46          500            183           376           191           201          (604)       3,068
1   Total reported income, excluding inter-segment revenue, includes £26,949 million from the United Kingdom (Aviva plc’s country of domicile). Income is attributed on the basis of geographical origin which does not differ
    materially from revenue by geographical destination, as most risks are located in the countries where the contracts were written.
2   Aviva Investors group adjusted operating profit includes £1 million profit relating to Aviva Investors Pooled Pensions business.
3   Other Group activities include Group Reinsurance.




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      118
                                        Strategic report                            Governance                      IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                  Continued


4 – Segmental information continued
(a) (ii) Segmental income statement for the year ended 31 December 2016 – restated1
                                                                                                 United Kingdom                                                   Europe
                                                                                                                                                                    Italy,
                                                                                                                                                                 Ireland,                                     Other
                                                                                                                                                               Spain and                        Aviva        Group
                                                                                                Life           GI      Canada         France        Poland         Other           Asia     Investors3     activities4      Total
                                                                                                £m            £m          £m             £m             £m            £m            £m            £m             £m          £m

Gross written premiums                                                                     5,264         4,219         2,542         6,624            496        5,377            920             —             —        25,442
Premiums ceded to reinsurers                                                              (1,469)         (394)          (89)          (86)            (9)        (183)          (134)            —             —        (2,364)
Internal reinsurance revenue                                                                  —             (2)           —             —              —           (10)           (11)            —             23           —
Premiums written net of reinsurance                                                        3,795         3,823         2,453         6,538            487        5,184            775             —             23       23,078
Net change in provision for unearned premiums                                                 (2)         (109)          (33)           (8)           (16)         (34)            (8)            —             —          (210)
Net earned premiums                                                                        3,793         3,714         2,420         6,530            471        5,150            767            —              23 22,868
Fee and commission income                                                                    841           117            17           258             60          148            198           326             (3) 1,962
                                                                                           4,634         3,831         2,437         6,788            531        5,298           965            326             20       24,830
Net investment income                                                                     24,661           242            50         2,951            141          816         1,240             83             73       30,257
Inter-segment revenue                                                                         —             —             —             —              —            —             —             234             —           234
Share of profit of joint ventures and associates                                             172            —              1            16              7            3            17             —              —           216
(Loss)/profit on the disposal and remeasurement of
  subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                   (3)           —             —             —             —             (8)           —             —              —           (11)
Segmental income2                                                                         29,464         4,073         2,488         9,755            679        6,109         2,222            643             93       55,526
Claims and benefits paid, net of recoveries from reinsurers                              (10,996)       (2,409)       (1,521)       (5,397)          (315)      (2,705)         (399)            —            (40) (23,782)
Change in insurance liabilities, net of reinsurance                                       (3,362)         (560)          (16)       (1,221)           (79)      (1,312)         (349)            —              6   (6,893)
Change in investment contract provisions                                                  (9,968)           —             —         (1,636)            —        (1,281)       (1,069)           (85)           — (14,039)
Change in unallocated divisible surplus                                                     (294)           —             —           (276)             2          167            20             —             —      (381)
Fee and commission expense                                                                  (815)       (1,204)         (628)         (632)           (77)        (395)         (108)           (35)            9   (3,885)
Other expenses                                                                            (1,396)         (162)         (150)         (266)           (64)        (238)         (289)          (393)         (895) (3,853)
Inter-segment expenses                                                                      (204)           (7)           (5)           (1)            (5)           (9)          —              —             (3)    (234)
Finance costs                                                                               (191)           (2)           (4)           (1)            —             (7)           (3)           —           (418)    (626)
Segmental expenses                                                                       (27,226)       (4,344)       (2,324)       (9,430)          (538)      (5,780)       (2,197)          (513)      (1,341) (53,693)
Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                   2,238           (271)          164           325           141           329             25          130       (1,248)         1,833
Tax attributable to policyholders’ returns                                                  (633)            —             —             —             —             (5)            (2)          —            —            (640)
Profit/(loss) before tax attributable to shareholders’
  profits                                                                                  1,605           (271)          164           325           141           324            23           130       (1,248)         1,193
Adjusting items:
Reclassification of corporate costs and unallocated interest                                    —             (5)          17            46             —             —             —              5           (63)           —
Investment return variances and economic assumption
  changes on long-term business                                                              (497)            —             —            86              1            21            10            —              —         (379)
Short-term fluctuation in return on investments backing
  non-long-term business                                                                     (135)           (95)          42             (2)           (1)           29            —             —           680           518
Economic assumption changes on general insurance and
  health business                                                                               —           229             —            13             —             —             —             —              —          242
Impairment of goodwill, joint ventures and associates and
  other amounts expensed                                                                       —             —             —              —             —             —            —              —             —            —
Amortisation and impairment of intangibles                                                     71            24            29             2             3             7             9             6             24          175
Amortisation and impairment of AVIF                                                           387            —             —              3             2             2           142             —              4          540
Loss/(profit) on the disposal and remeasurement of
  subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                   3            —              —             —             —             8             —             —              —           11
Other5                                                                                          —           498             —             —             —             —             —             —              —          498
Group adjusted operating profit before tax attributable
  to shareholders' profits after integration and
  restructuring costs                                                                      1,434            380           252           473           146           391           184           141          (603)        2,798
Integration and restructuring costs                                                           119            15            18              8            —              1           17            19             15          212
Group adjusted operating profit/(loss) before tax
  attributable to shareholders’ profits                                                    1,553            395           270           481           146           392           201           160          (588)        3,010
1   Following the launch of UK Insurance which brings together UK Life, UK General Insurance and UK Health into a combined business, the Ireland Life and General Insurance businesses have been aligned to the new
    management structure and reported within Europe. As a result, comparative balances have been restated.
2   Total reported income, excluding inter-segment revenue, includes £33,784 million from the United Kingdom (Aviva plc’s country of domicile). Income is attributed on the basis of geographical origin which does not differ
    materially from revenue by geographical destination, as most risks are located in the countries where the contracts were written.
3   Aviva Investors group adjusted operating profit includes £2 million profit relating to the Aviva Investors Pooled Pensions business.
4   Other Group activities include Group Reinsurance.
5   Other items include exceptional charge of £475 million relating to the impact of the change in the Ogden discount rate from 2.5% set in 2001 to minus 0.75% announced by the Lord Chancellor on 27 February 2017. Other
    items also include a loss upon the completion of an outwards reinsurance contract by the UK General Insurance business, which provides significant protection against claims volatility from mesothelioma, industrial deafness
    and other long tail risks. The £23 million loss comprises £107 million in premiums ceded less £78 million in reinsurance recoverables recognised and £6 million claims handling provisions.




                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     119
                              Strategic report             Governance           IFRS financial statements            Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements           Continued


4 – Segmental information continued
(a) (iii) Segmental statement of financial position as at 31 December 2017
                                                               United Kingdom                                     Europe
                                                                                                                    Italy,
                                                                                                                 Ireland,                             Other
                                                                                                               Spain and                   Aviva      Group
                                                              Life         GI   Canada    France      Poland       Other        Asia   Investors   activities      Total
                                                              £m          £m       £m        £m           £m          £m         £m          £m           £m         £m

Goodwill                                                      663       924        84        —          29         124          52           —           —        1,876
Acquired value of in-force business and intangible
  assets                                                    2,751       152       258        90          78         4            26         4          92   3,455
Interests in, and loans to, joint ventures and associates     936        —          9       184          —         68           445        —           —    1,642
Property and equipment                                         52        30        46       253           4         3             8         4         109     509
Investment property                                         6,242       324        —      3,322          —        215            —        788         (94) 10,797
Loans                                                      26,695         5       180       739           7       197            34        —           — 27,857
Financial investments                                     184,428     4,184     4,592    72,886       3,775    27,403         5,007       400       8,407 311,082
Deferred acquisition costs                                  1,364       487       383       322         118       222             8         2          —    2,906
Other assets                                               38,800     5,370     1,338     8,567         244     3,591           765     1,020      11,995 71,690
Assets of operations classified as held for sale               —         —         —         —           —      1,685         9,186        —           — 10,871
Total assets                                             261,931     11,476     6,890    86,363       4,255    33,512        15,531     2,218      20,509 442,685
Insurance liabilities
  Long-term business and outstanding claims
  provisions                                             100,178      5,305     3,325    17,162    3,275       10,103         4,056        —            9 143,413
  Unearned premiums                                          228      2,003     1,578       458      119          520            74        —           —    4,980
  Other insurance liabilities                                  5         68       124        51       —             7            —         —            2     257
Liability for investment contracts                       130,890         —         —     53,529        2       18,335            —      1,230          — 203,986
Unallocated divisible surplus                              2,514         —         —      5,239       68          922           339        —           —    9,082
Net asset value attributable to unitholders                   57         —         —      2,472       —            —             —         —       15,798 18,327
External borrowings                                        1,566         —         —          1       —            70            —         —        8,649 10,286
Other liabilities, including inter-segment liabilities    14,234       (294)      971     4,927      253          869           618       392       1,376 23,346
Liabilities of operations classified as held for sale         —          —         —         —        —         1,021         8,852        —           —    9,873
Total liabilities                                        249,672      7,082     5,998    83,839       3,717    31,847        13,939     1,622      25,834 423,550
Total equity                                                                                                                                                     19,135
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                                                                    442,685




                                                          Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                             120
                                       Strategic report                           Governance                    IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                Continued


4 – Segmental information continued
(a) (iv) Segmental statement of financial position as at 31 December 2016 – restated1
                                                                                       United Kingdom                                                       Europe
                                                                                                                                                      Italy, Ireland,
                                                                                                                                                         Spain and                         Aviva   Other Group
                                                                                    Life            GI        Canada          France        Poland             Other         Asia      Investors      activities         Total
                                                                                    £m             £m            £m              £m             £m                £m          £m             £m             £m            £m

Goodwill                                                                          663            924              88             —              26            293            51              —              —           2,045
Acquired value of in-force business and intangible
  assets                                                                        3,152            160            292              86             12            619        1,062                9             76          5,468
Interests in, and loans to, joint ventures and
  associates                                                                   1,257              —              13           169              48            71            527              —            —              2,085
Property and equipment                                                            78              27             24           240               4             5             12               5           92               487
Investment property                                                            6,304             208             —          2,878              —            201             —              951          226            10,768
Loans                                                                         23,693               5            170           757              —            122             37              —            —             24,784
Financial investments                                                        168,273           3,961          4,670        68,427           3,015        29,267         11,460             574       10,188           299,835
Deferred acquisition costs                                                     1,122             478            360           280              45           213            113               3           —              2,614
Other assets                                                                  51,489           5,499          1,372         7,716             237         3,585          1,479             961        6,967            79,305
Assets of operations classified as held for sale                                  —               —              —         13,028              —             —              —               —            —             13,028
Total assets                                                                 256,031         11,262           6,989        93,581           3,387        34,376         14,741          2,503        17,549           440,419
Insurance liabilities
  Long-term business and outstanding claims
  provisions                                                                 101,906           5,461          3,248        15,932           2,698        13,166          3,750             —             12           146,173
  Unearned premiums                                                              227           1,925          1,527           463              68           492             64             —             —              4,766
  Other insurance liabilities                                                     —               66            118            51              —              6             —              —              3               244
Liability for investment contracts                                           121,508              —              —         49,929               2        15,690          8,395          1,571            —            197,095
Unallocated divisible surplus                                                  2,709              —              —          5,151              60         1,223            206             —             —              9,349
Net asset value attributable to unitholders                                       76              —              —          2,349              —            509             —              —         12,704            15,638
External borrowings                                                            1,793              —              —              1              —             46             —              —          8,455            10,295
Other liabilities, including inter-segment liabilities                        15,239            (472)         1,107         4,694             139         1,288            645            396         1,778            24,814
Liabilities of operations classified as held for sale                             —               —              —         12,494              —             —              —              —             —             12,494
Total liabilities                                                            243,458           6,980          6,000        91,064           2,967        32,420         13,060          1,967        22,952           420,868
Total equity                                                                                                                                                                                                           19,551
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                          440,419
1   Following the launch of UK Insurance which brings together UK Life, UK General Insurance and UK Health into a combined business, the Ireland Life and General Insurance businesses have been aligned to the new
    management structure and reported within Europe. As a result, comparative balances have been restated.


(b) Further analysis by products and services
The Group’s results can be further analysed by products and services which comprise long-term business, general insurance and health,
fund management and other activities.

Long-term business
Our long-term business comprises life insurance, long-term health and accident insurance, savings, pensions and annuity business written
by our life insurance subsidiaries, including managed pension fund business. Long-term business also includes our share of the other life
and related business written in our associates and joint ventures, as well as lifetime mortgage business written in the UK.

General insurance and health
Our general insurance and health business provides insurance cover to individuals and to small and medium-sized businesses, for risks
associated mainly with motor vehicles, property and liability, such as employers’ liability and professional indemnity liability, and medical
expenses.

Fund management
Our fund management business invests policyholders’ and shareholders’ funds and provides investment management services for
institutional pension fund mandates. It manages a range of retail investment products, including investment funds, unit trusts, OEICs and
ISAs. Clients include Aviva Group businesses and third-party financial institutions, pension funds, public sector organisations, investment
professionals and private investors.

Other
Other includes service companies, head office expenses such as Group treasury and finance functions, and certain financing costs and
taxes not allocated to business segments and elimination entries for certain inter-segment transactions.




                                                                                 Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                    121
                                       Strategic report                           Governance                    IFRS financial statements                       Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                Continued


4 – Segmental information continued
(b) (i) Segmental income statement – products and services for the year ended 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                                                                  General
                                                                                                                                                  Long-term insurance and        Fund
                                                                                                                                                    business       health2 management                  Other            Total
                                                                                                                                                         £m            £m          £m                    £m               £m

Gross written premiums1                                                                                                                           17,083           10,523                 —               —         27,606
Premiums ceded to reinsurers                                                                                                                      (1,741)            (488)                —               —         (2,229)
Premiums written net of reinsurance                                                                                                               15,342           10,035                 —               —         25,377
Net change in provision for unearned premiums                                                                                                         —              (153)                —               —           (153)
Net earned premiums                                                                                                                               15,342             9,882               —               —          25,224
Fee and commission income                                                                                                                          1,334                23              369             461          2,187
                                                                                                                                                  16,676             9,905              369             461         27,411
Net investment income/(expense)                                                                                                                   21,468               331               (1)            268         22,066
Inter-segment revenue                                                                                                                                 —                 —               244              —             244
Share of profit of joint ventures and associates                                                                                                      41                —                —               —              41
Profit/(loss) on the disposal and remeasurement of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                       100                42               —               (7)           135
Segmental income                                                                                                                                  38,285           10,278               612             722         49,897
Claims and benefits paid, net of recoveries from reinsurers                                                                                      (17,791)          (6,322)              —                —        (24,113)
Change in insurance liabilities, net of reinsurance                                                                                                 (863)            (211)              —                —         (1,074)
Change in investment contract provisions                                                                                                         (13,837)              —                —                —        (13,837)
Change in unallocated divisible surplus                                                                                                              294               —                —                —            294
Fee and commission expense                                                                                                                        (1,140)          (2,615)             (36)            (538)       (4,329)
Other expenses                                                                                                                                    (1,807)            (572)            (425)            (733)       (3,537)
Inter-segment expenses                                                                                                                              (226)             (15)              —                (3)         (244)
Finance costs                                                                                                                                       (240)              (6)              —              (437)         (683)
Segmental expenses                                                                                                                               (35,610)          (9,741)            (461)         (1,711)       (47,523)
Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                                                                            2,675              537              151            (989)         2,374
Tax attributable to policyholders’ returns                                                                                                           (371)              —                —               —            (371)
Profit/(loss) before tax attributable to shareholders’ profits                                                                                      2,304              537              151            (989)         2,003
Adjusting items                                                                                                                                       578              163               13             311          1,065
Group adjusted operating profit/(loss) before tax attributable to shareholders’ profits                                                             2,882              700              164            (678)         3,068
1   Gross written premiums include inward reinsurance premiums assumed from other companies amounting to £91 million, of which £73 million relates to property and liability insurance and £18 million relates to long-term
    business.
2   General insurance and health business segment includes gross written premiums of £914 million relating to health business. The remaining business relates to property and liability insurance.


(b) (ii) Segmental income statement – products and services for the year ended 31 December 2016
                                                                                                                                                                     General
                                                                                                                                                   Long-term   insurance and          Fund
                                                                                                                                                    business          health2   management              Other            Total
                                                                                                                                                          £m              £m            £m                £m              £m
                                  1
Gross written premiums                                                                                                                             15,748            9,694                —               —         25,442
Premiums ceded to reinsurers                                                                                                                        (1,697)           (667)               —               —          (2,364)
Premiums written net of reinsurance                                                                                                                14,051            9,027                —               —         23,078
Net change in provision for unearned premiums                                                                                                          —              (210)               —               —           (210)
Net earned premiums                                                                                                                                14,051            8,817               —               —          22,868
Fee and commission income                                                                                                                           1,234               26              300             402          1,962
                                                                                                                                                   15,285            8,843              300             402         24,830
Net investment income/(expense)                                                                                                                    29,695              383                (2)           181         30,257
Inter-segment revenue                                                                                                                                  —                —               239              —             239
Share of profit of joint ventures and associates                                                                                                      213                 3              —               —             216
(Loss)/profit on the disposal and remeasurement of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                          (3)              (8)             —               —              (11)
Segmental income                                                                                                                                   45,190            9,221              537             583         55,531
Claims and benefits paid, net of recoveries from reinsurers                                                                                       (18,026)          (5,756)              —               —         (23,782)
Change in insurance liabilities, net of reinsurance                                                                                                (6,249)            (644)              —               —          (6,893)
Change in investment contract provisions                                                                                                          (14,039)              —                —               —         (14,039)
Change in unallocated divisible surplus                                                                                                              (381)              —                —               —            (381)
Fee and commission expense                                                                                                                         (1,369)          (2,299)             (33)           (184)        (3,885)
Other expenses                                                                                                                                     (1,887)            (521)            (396)         (1,049)        (3,853)
Inter-segment expenses                                                                                                                               (222)             (12)              —               (5)          (239)
Finance costs                                                                                                                                        (183)              (5)              —             (438)          (626)
Segmental expenses                                                                                                                                (42,356)          (9,237)            (429)         (1,676)        (53,698)
Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                                                                             2,834               (16)           108          (1,093)          1,833
Tax attributable to policyholders’ returns                                                                                                            (640)               —              —               —             (640)
Profit/(loss) before tax attributable to shareholders’ profits                                                                                       2,194               (16)           108          (1,093)          1,193
Adjusting items                                                                                                                                        448              849              30             490           1,817
Group adjusted operating profit/(loss) before tax attributable to shareholders’ profits                                                              2,642              833             138            (603)          3,010
1   Gross written premiums include inward reinsurance premiums assumed from other companies amounting to £138 million, of which £54 million relates to property and liability insurance and £84 million relates to long-term
    business.
2   General insurance and health business segment includes gross written premiums of £1,030 million relating to health business. The remaining business relates to property and liability insurance




                                                                                 Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                    122
                              Strategic report              Governance           IFRS financial statements           Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements           Continued


4 – Segmental information continued
(b) (iii) Segmental statement of financial position – products and services as at 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                        General
                                                                                                        Long-term insurance and            Fund
                                                                                                          business       health      management     Other      Total
                                                                                                               £m            £m              £m       £m         £m

Goodwill                                                                                                    720         1,084               3         69   1,876
Acquired value of in-force business and intangible assets                                                 2,922           439               4         90   3,455
Interests in, and loans to, joint ventures and associates                                                 1,617             9              —          16   1,642
Property and equipment                                                                                      240           136               4        129     509
Investment property                                                                                      10,392           499              —         (94) 10,797
Loans                                                                                                    27,671           186              —          —   27,857
Financial investments                                                                                   290,840        11,934              54      8,254 311,082
Deferred acquisition costs                                                                                1,804         1,100               2         —    2,906
Other assets                                                                                             49,054         9,075             905     12,656  71,690
Assets of operations classified as held for sale                                                         10,552           319              —          —   10,871
Total assets                                                                                            395,812        24,781             972     21,120    442,685
Gross insurance liabilities                                                                             131,987        16,663              —          —     148,650
Gross liabilities for investment contracts                                                              203,986            —               —          —     203,986
Unallocated divisible surplus                                                                             9,082            —               —          —       9,082
Net asset value attributable to unitholders                                                               2,529            —               —      15,798     18,327
External borrowings                                                                                       1,601            —               —       8,685     10,286
Other liabilities, including inter-segment liabilities                                                   18,740         1,369             376      2,861     23,346
Liabilities of operations classified as held for sale                                                     9,694           179              —          —       9,873
Total liabilities                                                                                       377,619        18,211             376     27,344    423,550
Total equity                                                                                                                                                 19,135
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                                                                442,685

(b) (iv) Segmental statement of financial position – products and services as at 31 December 2016
                                                                                                                           General
                                                                                                         Long-term   insurance and         Fund
                                                                                                          business          health   management     Other       Total
                                                                                                                £m              £m           £m       £m         £m

Goodwill                                                                                                     889         1,086               3        67      2,045
Acquired value of in-force business and intangible assets                                                  4,845           571               9        43      5,468
Interests in, and loans to, joint ventures and associates                                                  2,030            42              —         13      2,085
Property and equipment                                                                                       264           109               5       109        487
Investment property                                                                                       10,202           341              —        225     10,768
Loans                                                                                                     24,607           177              —         —      24,784
Financial investments                                                                                    277,889        11,699              51    10,196    299,835
Deferred acquisition costs                                                                                 1,574         1,037               3        —       2,614
Other assets                                                                                              61,780         8,995             835     7,695     79,305
Assets of operations classified as held for sale                                                          13,028            —               —         —      13,028
Total assets                                                                                             397,108        24,057             906    18,348    440,419
Gross insurance liabilities                                                                              134,695        16,488              —         —     151,183
Gross liabilities for investment contracts                                                               197,095            —               —         —     197,095
Unallocated divisible surplus                                                                              9,349            —               —         —       9,349
Net asset value attributable to unitholders                                                                2,934            —               —     12,704     15,638
External borrowings                                                                                        1,718            —               —      8,577     10,295
Other liabilities, including inter-segment liabilities                                                    19,930         1,215             371     3,298     24,814
Liabilities of operations classified as held for sale                                                     12,494            —               —         —      12,494
Total liabilities                                                                                        378,215        17,703             371    24,579    420,868
Total equity                                                                                                                                                 19,551
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                                                                440,419




                                                            Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                               123
                            Strategic report              Governance           IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements         Continued


5 – Details of income
This note gives further detail on the items appearing in the income section of the consolidated income statement.
                                                                                                                                  2017      2016
                                                                                                                                   £m        £m

Gross written premiums (note 4a and 4b)
Long-term:
  Insurance contracts                                                                                                          11,192     9,915
  Participating investment contracts                                                                                            5,891     5,833
General insurance and health                                                                                                   10,523     9,694
                                                                                                                               27,606    25,442
Less: premiums ceded to reinsurers (note 4a and 4b)                                                                            (2,229)    (2,364)
Gross change in provision for unearned premiums (note 40e)                                                                       (158)      (191)
Reinsurers’ share of change in provision for unearned premiums (note 43ciii)                                                        5        (19)
Net change in provision for unearned premiums                                                                                    (153)      (210)
Net earned premiums                                                                                                            25,224    22,868
Fee and commission income
Fee income from investment contract business                                                                                    1,062     1,021
Fund management fee income                                                                                                        512       403
Other fee income                                                                                                                  422       330
Reinsurance commissions receivable                                                                                                 33        47
Other commission income                                                                                                           161       150
Net change in deferred revenue                                                                                                     (3)       11
                                                                                                                                2,187     1,962
Total revenue                                                                                                                  27,411    24,830
Net investment income
Interest and similar income
   From financial instruments designated as trading and other than trading                                                      4,994     5,392
   From AFS investments and financial instruments at amortised cost                                                                42        35
                                                                                                                                5,036     5,427
Dividend income                                                                                                                 2,542     2,544
Other income from investments designated as trading
   Realised gains/(losses)on disposals                                                                                           511         66
   Unrealised gains and losses (policy K)
     Gains/(losses) arising in the year                                                                                           436      (204)
     Gains recognised now realised                                                                                               (511)      (66)
                                                                                                                                  (75)     (270)
                                                                                                                                  436      (204)
Other income from investments designated as other than trading
  Realised gains on disposals                                                                                                   6,198     1,457
  Unrealised gains and losses (see policy K)
    Gains arising in the year                                                                                                  13,153    21,179
    Gains recognised now realised                                                                                              (6,198)    (1,457)
                                                                                                                                6,955    19,722
                                                                                                                               13,153    21,179
Realised gains on AFS investments
  Gains recognised in prior periods as unrealised in equity                                                                         2         2

Net income from investment properties
  Rent                                                                                                                            574       604
  Expenses relating to these properties                                                                                          (101)       (66)
  Realised gains on disposal                                                                                                       30         56
  Fair value gains/(losses) on investment properties (note 21)                                                                    481      (129)
                                                                                                                                  984       465
Foreign exchange (losses) and gains on investments other than trading                                                             (12)      979
Other investment expenses                                                                                                         (75)     (135)
Net investment income                                                                                                          22,066    30,257
Share of profit after tax of joint ventures (note 18)                                                                             89        170
Share of profit after tax of associates (note 19a)                                                                               (48)         46
Share of profit after tax of joint ventures and associates                                                                        41        216
Profit/(loss) on disposal and remeasurement of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates (note 3b)                             135         (11)
Total income                                                                                                                   49,653    55,292




                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            124
                            Strategic report               Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements          Continued


6 – Details of expenses
This note gives further detail on the items appearing in the expenses section of the consolidated income statement.
                                                                                                                                  2017      2016
                                                                                                                                   £m        £m

Claims and benefits paid
Claims and benefits paid to policyholders on long-term business
   Insurance contracts                                                                                                         13,547    12,875
   Participating investment contracts                                                                                           5,694     6,552
   Non-participating investment contracts                                                                                          20        26
Claims and benefits paid to policyholders on general insurance and health business                                              6,647     6,164
                                                                                                                               25,908    25,617
Less: Claim recoveries from reinsurers
  Insurance contracts                                                                                                          (1,772)   (1,481)
  Participating investment contracts                                                                                              (23)     (354)
Claims and benefits paid, net of recoveries from reinsurers                                                                    24,113    23,782
Change in insurance liabilities
  Change in insurance liabilities (note 40 (a)(ii))                                                                              623      8,111
  Change in reinsurance asset for insurance provisions (note 40(a)(ii))                                                          451     (1,218)
Change in insurance liabilities, net of reinsurance                                                                             1,074     6,893
Change in investment contract provisions
Investment income allocated to investment contracts                                                                             9,899     9,695
Other changes in provisions
   Participating investment contracts (note 41(c)(i))                                                                           2,684     2,914
   Non-participating investment contracts                                                                                       1,247     1,438
Change in reinsurance asset for investment contract provisions                                                                      7         (8)
Change in investment contract provisions                                                                                       13,837    14,039
Change in unallocated divisible surplus (note 45)                                                                                (294)      381
Fee and commission expense
Acquisition costs
   Commission expenses for insurance and participating investment contracts                                                     2,776     2,567
   Change in deferred acquisition costs for insurance and participating investment contracts                                     (182)     (195)
   Deferrable costs for non-participating investment contracts                                                                     33        24
   Other acquisition costs                                                                                                        958       846
   Change in deferred acquisition costs for non-participating investment contracts                                               (206)       98
Investment income attributable to unitholders                                                                                     496        96
Reinsurance commissions and other fee and commission expense                                                                      454       449
                                                                                                                                4,329     3,885
Other expenses
Other operating expenses
  Staff costs (note 10b)                                                                                                        1,115     1,059
  Central costs and sharesave schemes                                                                                             184       186
  Depreciation                                                                                                                     35        25
  Impairment of goodwill on subsidiaries (note 16)                                                                                  2        —
  Amortisation of acquired value of in-force business on insurance/investment contracts (note 17)                                 468       539
  Amortisation of intangible assets (note 17)                                                                                     186       155
  Net impairment of acquired value of in-force business (note 17)                                                                   8        —
  Impairment of intangible assets (note 17)                                                                                         7        14
  Integration and restructuring costs (see below)                                                                                 141       212
  Other expenses                                                                                                                1,335     1,089
                                                                                                                                3,481     3,279
  Impairments
  Net impairment on loans                                                                                                          2          1
  Net impairment on financial investments (note 26 (c))                                                                            —         (9)
  Net impairment on receivables and other financial assets                                                                         4          8
  Net impairment on non-financial assets                                                                                           1         —
                                                                                                                                    7        —
Other net foreign exchange losses                                                                                                 49        574
Finance costs (note 7)                                                                                                           683        626
Total expenses                                                                                                                 47,279    53,459

Prior year comparatives have been revised to reflect an alignment in the classification of UK Life expenses following the Friends Life Part VII
transfer. This resulted in a £522 million reclassification of claims and benefits paid from non-participating to participating investment
contracts, a £4,495 million increase in investment income allocated to investment contracts, a £8,411 million decrease in other changes in
provisions and a £3,916 million increase in the change in reinsurance asset for investment contract provisions. These adjustments have no
impact on the total expenses incurred by the Group.
     Integration and restructuring costs were £141 million (2016: £212 million), which has decreased mainly due to lower integration spend
following the Friends Life acquisition and lower Solvency II project costs, partially offset by costs related to the integration of RBC and
restructuring costs in France.




                                                          Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                             125
                           Strategic report               Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements          Continued


7 – Finance costs
This note analyses the interest costs on our borrowings (which are described in note 49) and similar charges. Finance costs comprise:
                                                                                                                                2017       2016
                                                                                                                                 £m         £m

Interest expense on core structural borrowings
  Subordinated debt                                                                                                             391       387
  Long term senior debt                                                                                                           4         1
  Commercial paper                                                                                                               (2)       —
                                                                                                                                393       388
Interest expense on operational borrowings
  Amounts owed to financial institutions                                                                                         34        39
  Securitised mortgage loan notes at fair value                                                                                  83        84
                                                                                                                                117       123
Interest on collateral received                                                                                                   9        10
Net finance charge on pension schemes (note 48(b)(i))                                                                            24        29
Unwind of discount on GI reserves                                                                                                 2         2
Extinguishment of debt                                                                                                           47        —
Other similar charges                                                                                                            91        74
Total finance costs                                                                                                             683       626


8 – Long-term business economic volatility
The long-term nature of much of the Group’s operations means that, for management’s decision-making and internal performance
management, the effects of short-term economic volatility are treated as adjusting items. The Group focuses instead on a Group adjusted
operating profit measure that incorporates an expected return on investments supporting its long-term business, as described below.

(a) Definitions
Group adjusted operating profit for long-term business is based on expected investment returns on financial investments backing
shareholder and policyholder funds over the reporting period, with consistent allowance for the corresponding expected movements in
liabilities. Group adjusted operating profit includes the effect of variance in experience for non-economic items, such as mortality,
persistency and expenses, and the effect of changes in non-economic assumptions, where not treated as other items. Changes due to
economic items, such as market value movements and interest rate changes, which give rise to variances between actual and expected
investment returns, and the impact of changes in economic assumptions on liabilities, are disclosed separately outside Group adjusted
operating profit.

(b) Economic volatility
The investment variances and economic assumption changes excluded from the long-term business Group adjusted operating profit are as
follows:
                                                                                                                                2017       2016
Life business                                                                                                                    £m         £m

Investment variances and economic assumptions                                                                                     34      379

Investment variances and economic assumption changes were £34 million positive (2016: £379 million positive). The variance in 2017 is
driven by positive variances in the UK, which are partially offset by negative variances in France.
     Positive variances in the UK are mainly due to economic modelling developments implemented in 2017. These include a one-off
development to align the approach to calculating the valuation interest rate across the heritage Aviva and Friends Life portfolios and also a
development to the approach to calculating the valuation interest rate for certain deferred annuity business. Positive variances also reflect
fewer than expected defaults and downgrades on corporate bonds, better than expected experience on equity release mortgages (in terms
of losses related to no negative equity guarantees) and a reduction in the default allowances for commercial mortgages.
     The negative variance in France is primarily due to an increase in life annuity pension reserves, resulting from a reduction to the
discount rate cap used in the calculation of these reserves. This economic assumption change reflects the current environment of
prolonged low interest rates. A further negative variance stems from losses realised in 2017 on derivative-based funds.
     During 2017 the Group has kept its long-term assumptions for future property prices and rental income under review to allow for the
possible future adverse impact of the decision for the UK to leave the European Union. The aim has been to maintain the same allowance
in these assumptions in 2017 as was included in 2016, as the impact of the Brexit process on the UK economy remains uncertain.
     In 2016, investment variances and economic assumption changes were £379 million positive. Positive variances in the UK reflected
lower interest rates and narrowing credit spreads, which increased asset values more than liabilities. In the first half of 2016 the Group
revised its expectation of future property prices and rental income in light of the UK referendum vote for the UK to leave the European
Union. The adverse impact of this adjustment on the Group’s equity release and commercial mortgage portfolios was broadly offset in the
second half of the year as expectations for future property price and rental growth have increased. In addition, in the UK the investment
variance reflected a refined approach of assuming best estimate expected credit defaults on corporate bonds, with a resulting increase in
Group adjusted operating profit in the period. The positive variance in the UK was partially offset by negative variances in France and Italy.
The negative variance in France reflected losses on equity hedges managed on an economic basis rather than an IFRS basis and falling
interest rates, while the negative variance in Italy reflected widening credit spreads.




                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            126
                           Strategic report          Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements     Continued


8 – Long-term business economic volatility continued
(c) Methodology
The expected investment returns and corresponding expected movements in long-term business liabilities are calculated separately for
each principal long-term business unit.
     The expected return on investments for both policyholders’ and shareholders’ funds is based on opening economic assumptions
applied to the expected funds under management over the reporting period. Expected investment return assumptions are derived actively,
based on market yields on risk-free fixed interest assets at the end of each financial year. The same margins are applied on a consistent
basis across the Group to gross risk-free yields, to obtain investment return assumptions for equities and properties. Expected funds under
management are equal to the opening value of funds under management, adjusted for sales and purchases during the period arising from
expected operating experience.
     The actual investment return is affected by differences between the actual and expected funds under management and changes in
asset mix, as well as movements in interest rates. To the extent that these differences arise from the operating experience of the long-term
business, or management decisions to change asset mix, the effect is included in the Group adjusted operating profit. The residual
difference between actual and expected investment return is included in investment variances, outside Group adjusted operating profit but
included in profit before tax.
     The movement in liabilities included in Group adjusted operating profit reflects both the change in liabilities due to the expected return
on investments and the impact of experience variances and assumption changes for non-economic items. This would include movements
in liabilities due to changes in the discount rate arising from discretionary management decisions that impact on product profitability over
the lifetime of products.
     The effect of differences between actual and expected economic experience on liabilities, and changes to economic assumptions used
to value liabilities, are taken outside Group adjusted operating profit. For many types of long-term business, including unit-linked and with-
profits funds, movements in asset values are offset by corresponding changes in liabilities, limiting the net impact on profit. The profit
impact of economic volatility on other long-term business depends on the degree of matching of assets and liabilities, and exposure to
financial options and guarantees.

(d) Assumptions
The expected rate of investment return is determined using consistent assumptions between operations, having regard to local economic
and market forecasts of investment return and asset classification under IFRS.
   The principal assumptions underlying the calculation of the expected investment return for equities and properties are:
                                                                                                                     Equities            Properties
                                                                                                             2017       2016      2017        2016
                                                                                                               %          %         %           %

United Kingdom                                                                                               4.8        5.5       3.3          4.0
Eurozone                                                                                                     4.2        4.5       2.7          3.0

The expected return on equities and properties has been calculated by reference to the ten year mid-price swap rate for an AA-rated bank
in the relevant currency plus a risk premium. The use of risk premium reflects management’s long-term expectations of asset return in
excess of the swap yield from investing in different asset classes. The asset risk premiums are set out in the table below:
                                                                                                                                  2017        2016
All territories                                                                                                                     %           %

Equity risk premium                                                                                                               3.5         3.5
Property risk premium                                                                                                             2.0         2.0

The ten year mid-price swap rates as at the start of the period are set out in the table below:
                                                                                                                                  2017        2016
Territories                                                                                                                         %           %

United Kingdom                                                                                                                    1.3         2.0
Eurozone                                                                                                                          0.7         1.0

For fixed interest securities classified as fair value through profit or loss, the expected investment returns are based on average prospective
yields for the actual assets held less an adjustment for credit risks (assessed on a best estimate basis); this includes an adjustment for credit
risk on all eurozone sovereign debt. Where such securities are classified as available for sale, the expected investment return comprises the
expected interest or dividend payments and amortisation of the premium or discount at purchase.




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        127
                                       Strategic report                          Governance                    IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                               Continued


9 – Longer-term investment return and economic assumption changes for non-long-term business
For non-long-term business, the total investment income, including realised and unrealised gains, is split between a calculated longer-term
return, which is included in Group adjusted operating profit, and short-term fluctuations from this, which are disclosed outside Group
adjusted operating profit but are included in profit before tax. This note gives details of the longer-term return calculation and the relevant
assumptions, as well as the economic assumption changes on our general insurance and health business.

(a) The short-term fluctuations in investment return and economic assumption changes attributable to the non-long-term business result
and reported outside operating profit were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                      2017    2016
Non-long-term business                                                                                                                                                                 £m      £m

Short-term fluctuations in investment return (see (b) below)                                                                                                                         (345)   (518)
Economic assumption changes (see (g) below)                                                                                                                                            (7)   (242)
                                                                                                                                                                                     (352)   (760)

(b) The longer-term investment return and short-term fluctuation are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                      2017    2016
Non-long-term business                                                                                                                                                                 £m      £m

Analysis of investment income:
Net investment income/expenses                                                                                                                                                         49    (136)
Foreign exchange gains/losses and other charges                                                                                                                                       (24)    (35)
                                                                                                                                                                                       25    (171)
Analysed between:
Longer-term investment return, reported within operating profit                                                                                                                      370     347
Short-term fluctuation in investment return, reported outside operating profit
General insurance and health                                                                                                                                                          (57)      5
Other operations1                                                                                                                                                                    (288)   (523)
                                                                                                                                                                                     (345)   (518)
                                                                                                                                                                                       25    (171)
1   Represents short-term fluctuations on assets backing non-long-term business in Group centre investments, including the centre hedging programme and Group external borrowings.


(c) The longer-term investment return is calculated separately for each principal non-long-term business unit. In respect of equities and
properties, the return is calculated by multiplying the opening market value of the investments, adjusted for sales and purchases during the
year, by the longer-term rate of investment return.
     The longer-term rate of investment return is determined using consistent assumptions between operations, having regard to local
economic and market forecasts of investment return. The allocated longer-term return for other investments (including debt securities) is
the actual income receivable for the year. Actual income and longer-term investment return both contain the amortisation of the
discounts/premium arising on the acquisition of fixed income securities. For other operations, the longer-term return reflects assets
backing non-long-term business held in Group centre investments.
     Market value movements which give rise to variances between actual and longer-term investment returns are disclosed separately in
short-term fluctuations outside operating profit.
     The impact of realised and unrealised gains and losses on Group centre investments, including the centre hedging programme which is
designed to economically protect the total Group’s capital against adverse equity and foreign exchange movements, is included in short-
term fluctuations on other operations.
     The adverse short-term fluctuations during 2017 are mainly due to foreign exchange losses and adverse market movements on Group
centre holdings, including the centre hedging programme.




                                                                                Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                   128
                                      Strategic report                           Governance                   IFRS financial statements         Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                               Continued


9 – Longer-term investment return and economic assumption changes for non-long-term business
continued
(d) The total assets supporting the general insurance and health business, which contribute towards the longer-term return, are:
                                                                                                                                                                                 2017            2016
                                                                                                                                                                                  £m              £m

Debt securities                                                                                                                                                              10,054         10,799
Equity securities                                                                                                                                                               772            267
Properties                                                                                                                                                                      499            341
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                     1,115          1,162
Other1                                                                                                                                                                        2,498          2,032
Assets supporting general insurance and health business                                                                                                                      14,938         14,601
Assets supporting other non-long-term business2                                                                                                                                  685            724
Total assets supporting non-long-term business                                                                                                                               15,623         15,325
1   Includes the internal loan to Group from UKI.
2   Represents assets backing non-long-term business in Group centre investments, including the centre hedging programme.


The principal assumptions underlying the calculation of the longer-term investment return are:
                                                                                                                                                       Longer-term rates           Longer-term rates
                                                                                                                                                        of return Equities        of return Properties
                                                                                                                                                     2017            2016        2017            2016
                                                                                                                                                       %               %           %               %

United Kingdom                                                                                                                                       4.8             5.5         3.3             4.0
Eurozone                                                                                                                                             4.2             4.5         2.7             3.0
Canada                                                                                                                                               5.5             5.4         4.0             3.9

The longer-term rates of return on equities and properties have been calculated by reference to the ten year mid-price swap rate for an AA-
rated bank in the relevant currency plus a risk premium. The underlying reference rates and risk premiums are shown in note 8.

(e) The table below compares the actual return on investments attributable to the non-long-term business, after deducting investment
management expenses and charges, with the aggregate longer-term return over a five year period.
                                                                                                                                                                             2013-2017      2012-2016
                                                                                                                                                                                   £m             £m

Actual return attributable to shareholders                                                                                                                                    1,148           1,853
Longer-term return credited to operating results                                                                                                                             (2,170)         (2,523)
Excess of longer-term returns over actual returns                                                                                                                            (1,022)           (670)

Management continues to view the excess of longer-term returns over actual returns as short-term fluctuations. The principal assumptions
underlying the calculation of the longer-term investment returns are reviewed on a regular basis, having regard to local economic and
market forecasts, and are considered appropriate for the purpose of decision making and internal performance management by the Group
chief operating decision maker.

(f) The table below shows the sensitivity of the Group’s adjusted non-long-term business Group adjusted operating profit before tax to
changes in the longer-term rates of return:
                                                                                                                                                                                 2017            2016
Movement in investment return for                                           By                                  Change in                                                         £m              £m

Equities                                                                    1% higher/lower                      Group adjusted operating profit before tax                         3               2
Properties                                                                  1% higher/lower                      Group adjusted operating profit before tax                         3               3

(g) The economic assumption changes arise as a result of a slight decrease in the estimated future inflation rate used to value periodic
payment orders offset by a slight decrease in the interest rates used to discount claim reserves for periodic payment orders and latent
claims.

As explained in accounting policy L, provisions for latent claims are discounted, using rates based on the relevant swap curve, in the
relevant currency at the reporting date, having regard to the duration of the expected settlement of the claims. The discount rate is set at
the start of the accounting period, with any change in rates between the start and end of the accounting period being reflected below
Group adjusted operating profit as an economic assumption change. The range of discount rates used is disclosed in note 40.




                                                                                 Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                    129
                                      Strategic report                          Governance                    IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                              Continued


10 – Employee information
This note shows where our staff are employed throughout the world, excluding staff employed by our joint ventures and associates, and
analyses the total staff costs.

(a) Employee numbers
The number of persons employed by the Group, including directors under a service contract, was:
                                                                                                                                                                         At 31 December              Average for the year2
                                                                                                                                                                  2017     Restated 2016          2017     Restated 2016
                                                                                                                                                                Number           Number1        Number           Number1

United Kingdom                                                                                                                                                 14,639          14,283         14,785           14,942
Canada                                                                                                                                                          4,259           4,232          4,242            3,937
France                                                                                                                                                          3,959           4,154          3,962            4,144
Poland                                                                                                                                                          1,718           1,542          1,715            1,544
Italy, Ireland, Spain and Other                                                                                                                                 1,687           1,850          1,723            1,841
Asia                                                                                                                                                            1,558           1,533          1,565            1,483
Aviva Investors                                                                                                                                                 1,437           1,316          1,350            1,238
Other Group activities                                                                                                                                            764             620            748              524
Total employee numbers                                                                                                                                         30,021          29,530         30,090           29,653
1   Following the launch of UK Insurance which brings together UK Life, UK General Insurance and UK Health into a combined business, the Group’s operating segments were changed to align them with the new management
    structure. Employee numbers for 2016 have been restated to facilitate comparison with this new structure.
2   Average employee numbers have been calculated using a monthly average that takes into account recruitment, leavers, transfers, acquisitions and disposals of businesses during the year.


(b) Staff costs
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2017             2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                    £m               £m

Wages and salaries                                                                                                                                                                              1,241            1,123
Social security costs                                                                                                                                                                             224              215
Post-retirement obligations
  Defined benefit schemes (note 48d)                                                                                                                                                                23               17
  Defined contribution schemes (note 48d)                                                                                                                                                          146              138
Profit sharing and incentive plans                                                                                                                                                                 208              214
Equity compensation plans (note 31d)                                                                                                                                                                77               37
Termination benefits                                                                                                                                                                                23               20
Total staff costs                                                                                                                                                                               1,942            1,764

Staff costs are charged within:
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2017             2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                    £m               £m

Acquisition costs                                                                                                                                                                                 526              433
Claims handling expenses                                                                                                                                                                          164              145
Central costs and sharesave schemes                                                                                                                                                               100               90
Other operating expenses (note 6)                                                                                                                                                               1,115            1,059
Integration and restructuring costs                                                                                                                                                                37               37
Total staff costs                                                                                                                                                                               1,942            1,764

11 – Directors
Information concerning individual directors’ emoluments, interests and transactions is given in the Directors’ Remuneration Report in the
‘Corporate governance’ section of this report. For the purposes of the disclosure required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Act 2006, the
total aggregate emoluments of the directors in respect of 2017 was £12 million (2016: £10.8 million). Employer contributions to pensions for
executive directors for qualifying periods were £50,336 (2016: £14,168). The aggregate net value of share awards granted to the directors in
the period was £10.6 million (2016: £8.1 million). The net value has been calculated by reference to the closing middle market price of an
ordinary share at the date of grant. During the year, no share options were exercised by directors (2016: no share options).




                                                                               Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                  130
                            Strategic report             Governance           IFRS financial statements        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements        Continued


12 – Auditors’ remuneration
This note shows the total remuneration payable by the Group, excluding VAT and any overseas equivalent thereof, to our principal auditors,
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
                                                                                                                                   2017      2016
                                                                                                                                    £m        £m

Fees payable to PwC LLP and its associates for the statutory audit of the Aviva Group and Company financial statements              2.6      2.8
Fees payable to PwC LLP and its associates for other services
  Audit of Group subsidiaries                                                                                                      14.1     14.1
  Additional fees related to the prior year audit of Group subsidiaries                                                             0.9      0.7
Total audit fees                                                                                                                   17.6     17.6
Audit related assurance                                                                                                             4.7      6.3
Other assurance services                                                                                                            2.2      8.1
Total audit and assurance fees                                                                                                     24.5     32.0
Tax compliance services                                                                                                              —       0.1
Tax advisory services                                                                                                                —       0.1
Services relating to corporate finance transactions                                                                                  —       0.1
Other non-audit services not covered above                                                                                          0.8      1.0
Fees payable to PwC LLP and its associates for services to Group companies                                                         25.3     33.3
Group occupational pensions scheme audits                                                                                           0.3      0.3

The table above reflects the disclosure requirements of SI2011/2198 – The Companies (Disclosure of Auditor Remuneration and Liability
Limitation Agreements) (Amendment) Regulations 2011.
    Fees payable for the audit of the Group’s subsidiaries include fees for the statutory audit of the subsidiaries, both inside and outside the
UK, and for the work performed by the principal auditors in respect of the subsidiaries for the purpose of the consolidated financial
statements of the Group.
    Audit related assurance comprises services in relation to statutory and regulatory filings. These include fees for the audit of the Group’s
Solvency II regulatory returns from 2017, services for the audit of other regulatory returns of the Group’s subsidiaries and review of interim
financial information under the Listing Rules of the UK Listing Authority. Total audit fees (excluding additional fees relating to the prior year
audits of Group subsidiaries) and audit-related assurance fees were £21.5 million (2016: £23.2 million).
    Other assurance services in 2017 of £2.2 million (2016: £8.1 million) mainly include fees relating to the independent review of internal
model valuation that the Company believes is most appropriately performed by the principal auditors.
    The 2017 fees for other non-audit services of £0.8 million include a number of individually smaller services.
    Details of the Group’s process for safeguarding and supporting the independence and objectivity of the external auditors are given in
the Audit Committee report.




                                                        Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                           131
                            Strategic report              Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements         Continued


13 – Tax
This note analyses the tax charge for the year and explains the factors that affect it.

(a) Tax charged to the income statement
(i) The total tax charge comprises:
                                                                                                                                 2017       2016
                                                                                                                                  £m         £m

Current tax
For the period                                                                                                                  651        930
Prior period adjustments                                                                                                        (46)         1
Total current tax                                                                                                               605        931
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                               134          72
Changes in tax rates or tax laws                                                                                                 (8)        (14)
Write down/(back) of deferred tax assets                                                                                         (3)        (15)
Total deferred tax                                                                                                              123          43
Total tax charged to income statement                                                                                           728        974

(ii) The Group, as a proxy for policyholders in the UK, Ireland and Singapore, is required to record taxes on investment income and gains
each year. Accordingly, the tax benefit or expense attributable to UK, Irish and Singapore life insurance policyholder returns is included in
the tax charge. The tax charge attributable to policyholder returns included in the charge above is £371 million (2016: charge of £640
million).

(iii) The tax charge above, comprising current and deferred tax, can be analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                 2017       2016
                                                                                                                                  £m         £m

UK tax                                                                                                                          528        688
Overseas tax                                                                                                                    200        286
                                                                                                                                728        974

(iv) Unrecognised tax losses and temporary differences of previous years were used to reduce the current tax expense and deferred tax
expense by £13 million and £nil million (2016: £10 million and £8 million), respectively.

(v) Deferred tax charged/(credited) to the income statement represents movements on the following items:
                                                                                                                                 2017       2016
                                                                                                                                  £m         £m

Long-term business technical provisions and other insurance items                                                                37        (147)
Deferred acquisition costs                                                                                                       (2)         (12)
Unrealised gains/(losses) on investments                                                                                        (33)        144
Pensions and other post-retirement obligations                                                                                   19           21
Unused losses and tax credits                                                                                                    19           39
Subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures                                                                                      (4)           4
Intangibles and additional value of in-force long-term business                                                                 (85)         (99)
Provisions and other temporary differences                                                                                      172           93
Total deferred tax charged /(credited) to income statement                                                                      123          43

(b) Tax charged/(credited) to other comprehensive income
(i) The total tax charge/(credit) comprises:
                                                                                                                                 2017       2016
                                                                                                                                  £m         £m

Current tax
  In respect of pensions and other post-retirement obligations                                                                   (45)       (25)
  In respect of foreign exchange movements                                                                                         4         31
                                                                                                                                 (41)         6
Deferred tax
  In respect of pensions and other post-retirement obligations                                                                    42         94
  In respect of fair value (losses)/gains on owner-occupied properties                                                            (2)         1
  In respect of unrealised (losses)/gains on investments                                                                          (9)         3
                                                                                                                                  31         98
Total tax (credited)/ charged to other comprehensive income                                                                      (10)      104

(ii) The tax charge attributable to policyholders’ returns included above is £nil (2016: £nil).




                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            132
                           Strategic report              Governance           IFRS financial statements              Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements         Continued


13 – Tax continued
(c) Tax credited to equity
Tax credited directly to equity in the year in respect of coupon payments on the direct capital instrument and tier 1 notes amounted to £16
million (2016: £17 million).

(d) Tax reconciliation
The tax on the Group’s profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the tax rate of the home country of the
Company as follows:
                                                                                        Shareholder   Policyholder        2017   Shareholder    Policyholder     2016
                                                                                                £m             £m          £m            £m              £m       £m

Total profit before tax                                                                    2,003            371        2,374        1,193             640      1,833

Tax calculated at standard UK corporation tax rate of 19.25% (2016: 20.00%)                   386             71         457           239            128       367
Reconciling items
  Different basis of tax – policyholders                                                       —            301          301             —            513       513
  Adjustment to tax charge in respect of prior periods                                        (44)           —           (44)           (34)           —         (34)
  Non-assessable income and items not taxed at the full statutory rate                        (47)           —           (47)            39            —          39
  Non-taxable (profit)/loss on sale of subsidiaries and associates                            (27)           —           (27)              1           —            1
  Disallowable expenses                                                                        47            —            47             49            —          49
  Different local basis of tax on overseas profits                                             82            (1)          81             97             (1)       96
  Change in future local statutory tax rates                                                  (36)           —           (36)           (36)           —         (36)
  Movement in deferred tax not recognised                                                      (3)           —            (3)           (13)           —         (13)
  Tax effect of profit from joint ventures and associates                                      (3)           —            (3)             (6)          —           (6)
  Other                                                                                         2            —             2              (2)          —           (2)
Total tax charged to income statement                                                         357           371          728           334            640       974

The tax charge/(credit) attributable to policyholder returns is removed from the Group’s total profit before tax in arriving at the Group’s
profit before tax attributable to shareholders’ profits. As the net of tax profits attributable to with-profits and unit-linked policyholders is
zero, the Group’s pre-tax profit attributable to policyholders is an amount equal and opposite to the tax charge/(credit) attributable to
policyholders included in the total tax charge.
    Finance (No 2) Act 2015 introduced legislation reducing the UK rate of corporation tax from 20% at 1 April 2016 to 19% from 1 April 2017
and to 18% from 1 April 2020. Finance Act 2016 further reduced the corporation tax rate from 1 April 2020 to 17%. In addition, in France, the
rate of corporation tax was reduced from 34.43% to 28.92% with effect from 1 January 2020. These reduced rates were used in the
calculation of the Group’s deferred tax assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2016.
    In 2017 further changes were made in France to reduce the corporation tax rate to 32.02% from 1 January 2019 and to 27.37% from 1
January 2021 and 25.83% from 1 January 2022. These reduced rates have been incorporated in the calculation of France’s deferred tax
assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2017 and results in a reduction in the Group’s net deferred tax liabilities of £15 million, comprising
of a £8 million credit to the Income Statement and £7 million credit to the Statement of Comprehensive Income.




                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            133
                                         Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                    Continued


14 – Earnings per share
This note shows how we calculate earnings per share on profit attributable to ordinary shareholders, based both on the present shares in
issue (the basic earnings per share) and the potential future shares in issue, including conversion of share options granted to employees
(the diluted earnings per share). We have also shown the same calculations based on our Group adjusted operating profit as we believe this
gives a better indication of operating performance. Consideration of both these measures gives a full picture of the performance of the
business in the period.

(a) Basic earnings per share
(i) The profit attributable to ordinary shareholders is:
                                                                                                                                                                               2017                                                2016
                                                                                                                                           Group                                               Group
                                                                                                                                         adjusted                                            adjusted
                                                                                                                                        operating        Adjusting                          operating        Adjusting
                                                                                                                                            profit           items             Total            profit          items             Total
                                                                                                                                              £m                £m               £m               £m               £m              £m

Profit before tax attributable to shareholders’ profits                                                                                   3,068          (1,065)            2,003            3,010           (1,817)           1,193
Tax attributable to shareholders’ profit                                                                                                   (639)            282              (357)            (706)             372             (334)
Profit for the year                                                                                                                       2,429             (783)           1,646            2,304           (1,445)              859
Amount attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                           (134)             (15)            (149)            (147)              (9)             (156)
Cumulative preference dividends for the year                                                                                                (17)              —               (17)              (17)             —                 (17)
Coupon payments in respect of the direct capital instrument (DCI) and tier 1 notes (net
  of tax)                                                                                                                                    (65)               —              (65)              (68)              —               (68)
Profit attributable to ordinary shareholders                                                                                              2,213             (798)           1,415            2,072           (1,454)              618

(ii) Basic earnings per share is calculated as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                               2017                                                2016
                                                                                                                                                         Net of tax,
                                                                                                                                                               non-                                   Net of tax, non-
                                                                                                                                                        controlling                                       controlling
                                                                                                                                                          interests,                                        interests,
                                                                                                                                                        preference                                        preference
                                                                                                                                                         dividends                                         dividends
                                                                                                                                       Before tax           and DCI1      Per share        Before tax         and DCI1        Per share
                                                                                                                                              £m                 £m               p              £m                £m                 p

Group adjusted operating profit attributable to ordinary shareholders                                                                     3,068            2,213              54.8           3,010            2,072              51.1
Integration and restructuring costs                                                                                                        (141)            (111)             (2.8)           (212)            (170)              (4.2)
Group adjusted operating profit attributable to ordinary shareholders after integration
  and restructuring costs                                                                                                                 2,927            2,102              52.0           2,798            1,902              46.9
Adjusting items:
  Investment return variances and economic assumption changes on long-term
  business                                                                                                                                   34               86              2.1               379              313              7.8
  Short-term fluctuation in return on investments backing non-long-term business                                                           (345)            (250)            (6.3)             (518)            (398)            (9.8)
  Economic assumption changes on general insurance and health business                                                                       (7)              (6)            (0.1)             (242)            (193)            (4.8)
  Impairment of goodwill, joint ventures and associates and other amounts expensed                                                          (49)             (49)            (1.2)               —                —                —
  Amortisation and impairment of intangibles                                                                                               (197)            (151)            (3.7)             (175)            (137)            (3.4)
  Amortisation and impairment of acquired value of in-force business                                                                       (495)            (430)           (10.6)             (540)            (455)           (11.2)
  Profit/(loss) on disposal and remeasurement of subsidiaries, joint ventures and
  associates                                                                                                                                135              113               2.8              (11)             (16)             (0.4)
  Other2                                                                                                                                     —                —                 —              (498)            (398)             (9.8)
Profit attributable to ordinary shareholders                                                                                              2,003            1,415              35.0           1,193               618             15.3
1   DCI includes the direct capital instrument and tier 1 notes.
2   Other items include an exceptional charge of £nil (2016: £475 million), £nil net of tax (2016: £380 million), relating to the impact of the change in the Ogden discount rate from 2.5% set in 2001 to minus 0.75% announced by the
    Lord Chancellor on 27 February 2017.


(iii) The calculation of basic earnings per share uses a weighted average of 4,041 million (2016: 4,051 million) ordinary shares in issue, after
deducting treasury shares. The actual number of shares in issue at 31 December 2017 was 4,013 million (2016: 4,062 million) and 4,010
million (2016: 4,058 million) excluding treasury shares.

(iv) On 25 May 2017 Aviva announced a share buy-back of ordinary shares for an aggregate purchase price of up to £300 million, which was
carried out in full during the period from 25 May 2017 to 19 September 2017. The number of shares in issue has reduced by 58 million as at
31 December 2017 in respect of shares acquired and cancelled under the buy-back programme. Net of new shares issued during the period,
the number of shares in issue reduced by 49 million.




                                                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                        134
                            Strategic report             Governance          IFRS financial statements           Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements        Continued


14 – Earnings per share continued
(b) Diluted earnings per share
(i) Diluted earnings per share is calculated as follows:
                                                                                                                       2017                              2016
                                                                                                     Weighted                            Weighted
                                                                                                      average                             average
                                                                                                    number of                           number of
                                                                                            Total      shares      Per share    Total      shares    Per share
                                                                                              £m       million             p     £m        million           p

Profit attributable to ordinary shareholders                                              1,415       4,041           35.0      618       4,051         15.3
Dilutive effect of share awards and options                                                  —           48           (0.4)      —           38         (0.2)
Diluted earnings per share                                                                1,415       4,089           34.6      618       4,089         15.1

(ii) Diluted earnings per share on Group adjusted operating profit attributable to ordinary shareholders is calculated as follows:
                                                                                                                       2017                              2016
                                                                                                     Weighted                            Weighted
                                                                                                      average                             average
                                                                                                    number of                           number of
                                                                                            Total      shares      Per share    Total      shares    Per share
                                                                                              £m       million             p     £m        million           p

Group adjusted operating profit attributable to ordinary shareholders                     2,213       4,041          54.8      2,072      4,051        51.1
Dilutive effect of share awards and options                                                  —           48          (0.7)        —          38        (0.4)
Diluted Group adjusted operating profit per share                                         2,213       4,089          54.1      2,072      4,089        50.7


15 – Dividends and appropriations
This note analyses the total dividends and other appropriations we paid during the year. The table below does not include the final
dividend proposed after the year end because it is not accrued in these financial statements.
                                                                                                                                            2017         2016
                                                                                                                                             £m           £m

Ordinary dividends declared and charged to equity in the year
  Final 2016 – 15.88 pence per share, paid on 17 May 2017                                                                                   646          —
  Final 2015 – 14.05 pence per share, paid on 17 May 2016                                                                                    —          570
  Interim 2017 – 8.40 pence per share, paid on 17 November 2017                                                                             337          —
  Interim 2016 – 7.42 pence per share, paid on 17 November 2016                                                                              —          301
                                                                                                                                            983         871
Preference dividends declared and charged to equity in the year                                                                              17          17
Coupon payments on direct capital instrument and tier 1 notes                                                                                81          85
                                                                                                                                         1,081          973

Subsequent to 31 December 2017, the directors proposed a final dividend for 2017 of 19.00 pence per ordinary share (2016: 15.88 pence),
amounting to £763 million (2016: £646 million) in total. Subject to approval by shareholders at the AGM, the dividend will be paid on 17 May
2018 and will be accounted for as an appropriation of retained earnings in the year ending 31 December 2018.
    Interest on the direct capital instrument and tier 1 notes is treated as an appropriation of retained profits and, accordingly, is accounted
for when paid. Tax relief is obtained at a rate of 19.25% (2016: 20.00%).




                                                        Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                           135
                                       Strategic report                           Governance                    IFRS financial statements                       Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                Continued


16 – Goodwill
This note analyses the changes to the carrying amount of goodwill during the year, and details the results of our impairment testing on
both goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives.

(a) Carrying amount
                                                                                                                                                                                                        2017            2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                         £m              £m

Gross amount
At 1 January                                                                                                                                                                                        2,292             2,170
Acquisitions and additions                                                                                                                                                                             11                 59
Disposals                                                                                                                                                                                            (241)               (28)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                                                                        18                 91
At 31 December                                                                                                                                                                                      2,080             2,292
Accumulated impairment
At 1 January                                                                                                                                                                                          (247)            (215)
Impairment charges1                                                                                                                                                                                    (10)              —
Disposals                                                                                                                                                                                               96               —
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                                                                         (7)             (32)
At 31 December                                                                                                                                                                                        (168)            (247)
Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                                                                                                                        2,045             1,955
Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                                                                                                                      1,912             2,045
Less: Assets classified as held for sale                                                                                                                                                                (36)             —
Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                                                                                                                      1,876             2,045
1   Impairment charges comprise £2 million of goodwill impairment in Elite Insurance Company of Canada recognised within other expenses (see note 6) and £8 million of goodwill impairment in FPI recognised within
    profit/(loss) on the disposal and remeasurement of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates following FPI’s classification as held for sale (see note 3).


Goodwill from acquisitions and additions in 2017 arose on the acquisition of VietinBank’s 50% shareholding in VietinBank Aviva Life
Insurance Company Limited (‘Aviva Vietnam’) which resulted in Aviva Vietnam becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group (see note
3(a)). Goodwill from acquisitions and additions in 2016 primarily arose on the acquisition of RBC General Insurance Company.
     Disposals in 2017 include the disposal of the Group’s 50% shareholdings in its Spanish life insurance and pension partnerships as well
as its wholly owned retail life business in Spain (see note 3(b)(iii)).
     The total impairment of goodwill in 2017 is a charge of £10 million following management’s assessment that goodwill of £8 million in
Friends Provident International Limited (‘FPI’) and £2 million in Elite Insurance Company of Canada was impaired. There was no
impairment of goodwill in 2016. Impairment tests on goodwill were conducted as described in note 16(b).

(b) Goodwill allocation and impairment testing
A summary of the goodwill and intangibles with indefinite useful lives allocated to groups of cash generating units is presented below.
                                                                                                                                                             Carrying amount of intangibles
                                                                                                                                                                  with indefinite useful lives
                                                                                                                               Carrying amount of goodwill              (detailed in note 17)                          Total
                                                                                                                                      2017           2016              2017              2016           2017            2016
                                                                                                                                        £m            £m                 £m                £m            £m              £m

United Kingdom – long-term business                                                                                                   663              663              —                —             663              663
United Kingdom – general insurance and health                                                                                         924              924              —                —             924              924
Canada                                                                                                                                 84               88              —                —              84               88
France – long-term business                                                                                                            —                —               55               53             55               53
Poland                                                                                                                                 29               26               7                6             36               32
Italy – general insurance and health                                                                                                   29               28              —                —              29               28
Italy – long-term business                                                                                                              8                8              —                —               8                8
Ireland – general insurance and health                                                                                                 98               94              —                —              98               94
Spain – long-term business                                                                                                             25              163             190              183            215              346
Asia                                                                                                                                   52               51              —                —              52               51
                                                                                                                                    1,912           2,045              252              242         2,164             2,287

Goodwill in all business units is tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the cash generating unit to which the goodwill
relates, to the recoverable value of that cash generating unit. The recoverable amount is the value in use of the cash generating unit unless
otherwise stated. In 2017, following the classification of the Group’s two businesses in Italy, its remaining life insurance businesses in Spain,
and FPI in Asia as held for sale (see note 3(c)), the Group measured the recoverable amount of those business units at their estimated fair
value less costs to sell.

Long-term business
Following the cessation of full MCEV reporting from 1 January 2016, value in use has been calculated based on a shareholder value of the
business calculated in accordance with Solvency II principles, adjusted where Solvency II does not represent a best estimate of
shareholders’ interests. The principal adjustments relate to the exclusion of the benefit of transitional measures on technical provisions and
the volatility adjustment under Solvency II, modification of the Solvency II risk margin to an economic view and removal of restrictions on
contract boundaries or business scope.




                                                                                 Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                    136
                           Strategic report          Governance          IFRS financial statements              Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements    Continued


16 – Goodwill continued
     The present value of expected profits arising from future new business may be included within the shareholder value and is calculated
on an adjusted Solvency II basis, using profit projections based on the most recent three year business plans approved by management.
These plans reflect management’s best estimate of future profits based on both historical experience and expected growth rates for the
relevant cash generating unit. The underlying assumptions of these projections include market share, customer numbers, mortality,
morbidity and persistency.
     Future new business profits beyond the initial three years are extrapolated using a steady growth rate. Growth rates and expected
future profits are set with regards to management estimates, past experience and relevant available market statistics.
     Expected profits from future new business are discounted using a risk adjusted discount rate. The discount rate is a combination of a
risk-free rate and a risk margin to make prudent allowance for the risk that experience in future years for new business may differ from that
assumed.

Key Assumptions
The Solvency II non-economic assumptions in relation to mortality, morbidity, persistency and expenses and other items are derived
actively, based on management’s best estimate assumptions. Economic assumptions are based on market data as at the end of each
reporting period. The basic risk-free rate curves used to value the technical provisions reflect the curves, credit risk adjustment and
fundamental spread for the matching adjustment published by EIOPA on their website. For the purposes of calculating value in use, the
Solvency II risk margin has been modified to an economic view, with a cost of capital rate of 2%.
      For the goodwill in the UK Life long-term business that arose on the Friends Life acquisition, the value of the business was sufficient to
demonstrate goodwill recoverability on its own. As such it was not necessary to estimate the present value of expected profits from future
new business.
      For the goodwill in the Italian long-term business and the goodwill and indefinite life intangible asset of the remaining Spanish long-
term business, the recoverable amount of the related cash generating units in 2017 was based on their fair value less costs to sell. The basis
for the estimate of the fair value less costs to sell was the agreed consideration between the bancassurance partners (see note 3(c)(i) and
(iv) for more information). In 2016 the recoverable amount for the aforementioned businesses was based on a value in use calculation as
explained above with the key underlying assumptions presented in the table that follows.
                                                                                                                      Future new business             Future new business
                                                                                      Shareholder value basis          profits growth rate            profits discount rate
                                                                                                                                                     2017             2016
                                                                                                                      2017            2016       (Pre-tax)        (Pre-tax)
                                                                                      2017              2016            %               %               %                %
                                                                                               Adjusted
Italy long-term business                                                              N/A     Solvency II            N/A              1.2            N/A             11.0
                                                                                               Adjusted
Spain long-term business                                                              N/A     Solvency II            N/A              1.5            N/A             13.3

General insurance, health, fund management and other businesses
Value in use is calculated as the discounted value of expected future profits of each business. The calculation uses cash flow projections
based on business plans approved by management covering a three year period. These plans reflect management’s best estimate of future
profits based on both historical experience and expected growth rates for the relevant cash generating unit. The underlying assumptions of
these projections include market share, customer numbers, premium rate and fee income changes, claims inflation and commission rates.
    Cash flows beyond that three year period are extrapolated using a steady growth rate. Growth rates and expected future profits are set
with regards to past experience and relevant available market statistics.
    Future profits are discounted using a risk adjusted discount rate.

Key assumptions
                                                                                                                 Extrapolated future profits
                                                                                                                                growth rate   Future profits discount rate
                                                                                                                      2017             2016 2017 (Pre-tax) 2016 (Pre-tax)
                                                                                                                         %                %             %               %

United Kingdom general insurance and health                                                                             1               1            5.8        7.7
Ireland general insurance and health                                                                                   Nil            Nil            6.2        6.7
Italy general insurance and health                                                                                      1         1 – 1.2           11.2 9.0 – 11.8
Canada general insurance                                                                                                4            N/A             7.0       N/A

Indefinite life intangible asset
France
The recoverable amount of the indefinite life intangible asset has been assessed based on the fair value less costs to sell of the cash
generating unit to which it relates. The fair value less costs to sell was determined based on the quoted market value of Aviva’s share of the
subsidiary to which it relates.

Spain
The recoverable amount of the indefinite life intangible asset relating to the remaining Spanish business has been assessed using
consistent assumptions with those for Spain long-term business goodwill impairment testing as explained above for the years 2017 and
2016 respectively.




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       137
                                        Strategic report                            Governance                    IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                  Continued


16 – Goodwill continued
Results of impairment testing
As a result of the announced sale of the Group’s entire shareholding in FPI, the recoverable amount of FPI within the wider Asian cash
generating unit was determined based on the agreed consideration less costs to sell. This indicated an impairment of goodwill and AVIF
related to non-participating investment contracts of £8 million and £110 million (see also note 17) respectively as a result of the shortfall of
£118 million between FPI’s carrying amount and its fair value less costs to sell of £334 million. Our estimate of fair value less costs to sell
was calculated on the basis of the agreed sales consideration of £340 million (see note 3(c)(ii)) after deducting a £6 million reinsurance
recapture fee between FPI and Aviva Re Limited which is embedded in the sale agreement.
    Management’s impairment review in relation to the goodwill allocated to the Canadian cash generating unit, Quebec personal lines,
indicated the need to write-down a remaining balance of £2 million of goodwill allocated to Elite Insurance Company, resulting from the
continued deterioration of the financial position of the cash generating unit.
    Other than for the cash generating units noted above, the recoverable amount exceeds the carrying value of the cash generating units
including goodwill, and there is no impairment of goodwill in 2017. For these cash generating units, a reasonably possible change in
assumptions would not cause the carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.

17 – Acquired value of in-force business (AVIF) and intangible assets
This note shows the movements in cost, amortisation and impairment of the acquired value of in-force business and intangible assets
during the year.
                                                                                                                                                                                            Other     Intangible
                                                                                                                                                                                      intangible     assets with
                                                                                                                                                       AVIF on          AVIF on      assets with       indefinite
                                                                                                                                                    insurance       investment      finite useful          useful
                                                                                                                                                 contracts1 (a)   contracts2 (a)         lives (b)       lives (c)          Total
                                                                                                                                                           £m               £m                £m              £m              £m

Gross amount
At 1 January 2016                                                                                                                                      2,631            2,703           1,734               325          7,393
Additions and transfers                                                                                                                                    —               —              337                —             337
Disposals                                                                                                                                                 (43)             —             (216)               —            (259)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                            51               1             121                42            215
At 31 December 2016                                                                                                                                    2,639           2,704            1,976              367           7,686
Additions                                                                                                                                                  8              —               184               —              192
Disposals                                                                                                                                                (40)             (7)            (208)              —             (255)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                           13              —                14               13              40
At 31 December 2017                                                                                                                                    2,620           2,697            1,966              380           7,663
Accumulated amortisation
At 1 January 2016                                                                                                                                        (586)            (298)           (517)              (57)        (1,458)
Amortisation for the year                                                                                                                                (255)            (284)           (155)               —            (694)
Disposals and transfers                                                                                                                                    43               —              211                —             254
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                           (72)              (1)             (43)              —            (116)
At 31 December 2016                                                                                                                                     (870)            (583)            (504)             (57)        (2,014)
Amortisation for the year                                                                                                                               (206)            (262)            (186)              —            (654)
Disposals                                                                                                                                                 28                7              146               —             181
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                          (12)              —                —                —             (12)
At 31 December 2017                                                                                                                                  (1,060)             (838)            (544)             (57)        (2,499)
Accumulated Impairment
At 1 January 2016                                                                                                                                          (43)            (24)             (78)             (59)          (204)
Impairment losses charged to expenses                                                                                                                       —               —               (14)              —             (14)
Disposals                                                                                                                                                   —               —                —                —              —
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                             24              —                11               (9)            26
At 31 December 2016                                                                                                                                       (19)            (24)              (81)            (68)           (192)
Impairment charges3                                                                                                                                        (8)           (110)               (7)             —             (125)
Disposals                                                                                                                                                  —               —                 43              —               43
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                            —               —                 (1)             (3)             (4)
At 31 December 2017                                                                                                                                       (27)           (134)              (46)            (71)           (278)
Carrying amount
At 1 January 2016                                                                                                                                      2,002            2,381            1,139              209           5,731
At 31 December 2016                                                                                                                                    1,750            2,097            1,391              242           5,480
At 31 December 2017                                                                                                                                    1,533           1,725            1,376              252           4,886
Less: Assets classified as held for sale                                                                                                                    (5)          (793)            (633)               —         (1,431)
                                                                                                                                                       1,528              932              743             252           3,455
1   On insurance and participating investment contracts.
2   On non-participating investment contracts.
3   Impairment charges comprise £8 million of AVIF impairment in Aviva Re Limited recognised within other expenses (see note 6) and £110 million of AVIF impairment in FPI recognised within profit/(loss) on the disposal and
    remeasurement of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates following FPI’s classification as held for sale (see note 3 and 16(b)).


(a) AVIF on insurance and investment contracts is generally recoverable in more than one year. Of the total AVIF of £3,258 million (£1,533
    million on insurance contracts, £1,725 million on investment contracts), £2,142 million (2016: 3,368 million) is expected to be recovered
    more than one year after the statement of financial position date. In 2017, the additions relate to the full consolidation of Aviva Vietnam
    which was previously accounted under the equity method as a joint venture (see note 3(a)(ii)), and the disposals relate to the sale of
    Antarius in France (see note 3(b)(i)).



                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      138
                                         Strategic report                              Governance                      IFRS financial statements               Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                     Continued


17 – Acquired value of in-force business (AVIF) and intangible assets continued
           Non-participating investment contract AVIF is reviewed for evidence of impairment, consistent with reviews conducted for other
      finite life intangible assets. Insurance and participating investment contract AVIF is reviewed for impairment at each reporting date as
      part of the liability adequacy requirements of IFRS 4. AVIF is reviewed for evidence of impairment and impairment tested at product
      portfolio level by reference to the value of future profits in accordance with Solvency II principles, adjusted where Solvency II does not
      represent a best estimate of shareholders’ interests, consistent with the impairment test for goodwill for long-term business (see note
      16 (b)). In 2017, an impairment charge of £110 million was recognised in relation to the AVIF on non-participating investment contracts
      at our subsidiary Friends Provident International Limited (‘FPI’) to write down the related AVIF balance to its recoverable amount as
      explained in note 16(b). In addition, £8 million of AVIF on insurance contracts in relation to the book of business reinsured by FPI to
      Aviva Re Limited was also considered to be non-recoverable and was written-off.

(b) Other intangible assets with finite useful lives consist mainly of the value of bancassurance and other distribution agreements and
    capitalised software. Additions of intangibles with finite lives in 2017 relate to capitalisation of software costs in relation to the Group’s
    digital initiatives primarily undertaken by the Group’s digital company Aviva UK Digital Limited as well as additions of finite life
    intangibles on the Group balance sheet following the full consolidation of the Group’s previously equity accounted joint ventures in
    Poland (see note 3(a)(i)).
        Additions of intangibles with finite lives in 2016 primarily relate to RBC Insurance’s distribution network and customer relationships
    acquired as part of the acquisition of RBC General Insurance Company and capitalised software in the UK.
        Disposals in 2017 relate to the derecognition of intangible assets with finite useful lives in relation to the disposal of part of the
    Group’s Spanish business (see note 3(b)(iii)).Disposals in 2016 primarily comprise the derecognition of exhausted assets which are fully
    amortised or impaired with nil carrying value.
        Impairment losses of £7 million in 2017 and £14 million in 2016 on intangible assets with finite lives arose on capitalised software in
    other group activities.

(c) Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives primarily comprise the value of distribution channels, Union Financière de France Banque
    in France and Banco Mare Nostrum (BMN) in Spain, where the existing lives of the assets support this classification. Impairment testing
    of these intangible assets is covered in note 16(b).

18 – Interests in, and loans to, joint ventures
In several businesses, Group companies and other parties jointly control certain entities. This note analyses these interests and describes
the principal joint ventures in which we are involved.

(a) Carrying amount and details of joint ventures
(i) The movements in the carrying amount comprised:
                                                                                                                                                        2017                                         2016
                                                                                                    Goodwill and            Equity                             Goodwill and      Equity
                                                                                                     intangibles          interests           Loans    Total     intangibles   interests   Loans     Total
                                                                                                              £m                £m              £m       £m              £m          £m      £m       £m

At 1 January                                                                                                  92          1,512                  —    1,604             90     1,406        94     1,590
Share of results before tax                                                                                   —              99                  —       99             —        182        —        182
Share of tax                                                                                                  —              (3)                 —       (3)            —          (4)      —          (4)
Share of results after tax                                                                                     —               96                —      96               —        178        —      178
Amortisation of intangibles1                                                                                   (7)             —                 —      (7)              (8)       —         —        (8)
Loss on remeasurement of joint venture                                                                         —               (7)               —      (7)              —         —         —       —
Share of (loss)/profit after tax                                                                              (7)             89                 —       82              (8)      178        —       170
Reclassification to subsidiary                                                                               (23)            (34)                —      (57)            —           —        —         —
Additions                                                                                                     —               55                 —       55             —         307         3      310
Disposals                                                                                                     —             (409)                —     (409)            —        (346)       —      (346)
Share of gains/(losses) taken to other comprehensive income                                                   —                6                 —        6             —            (6)     —          (6)
Loans repaid                                                                                                  —               —                  —       —              —           —       (97)      (97)
Dividends received from joint ventures                                                                        —              (38)                —      (38)            —          (53)      —        (53)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                               (5)            (17)                —      (22)            10          26       —         36
At 31 December                                                                                                57          1,164                  —    1,221             92     1,512         —     1,604
1   Comprises amortisation of AVIF on insurance contracts of £1 million (2016: £1 million) and other intangibles of £6 million (2016: £7 million).


Additions and disposals during the year relate to the Group’s holdings in property management undertakings.
    Reclassification to subsidiary reflects changes in the Group’s holdings in its Poland and Vietnam undertakings, as described in note 3(a).
    During the year, the Group’s joint venture in Taiwan, First Aviva Life Insurance Co. Limited, was classified as held for sale following the
Group’s agreement to sell its shareholding to its joint venture partner First Financial Holding Co. Limited. On classification as held for sale,
the business was re-measured at fair value less costs to sell, which resulted in a full write-down of its carrying amount of £7 million as
explained in note 3(c) (iii).
    The Group’s share of total comprehensive income related to joint venture entities is £88 million (2016: £164 million).




                                                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                         139
                              Strategic report       Governance                  IFRS financial statements                   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements     Continued


18 – Interests in, and loans to, joint ventures continued
(ii) The carrying amount at 31 December comprised:
                                                                                                                     2017                                                             2016
                                                               Goodwill and             Equity                               Goodwill and
                                                                intangibles           interests         Loans       Total      intangibles Equity interests           Loans           Total
                                                                         £m                 £m            £m          £m               £m               £m              £m             £m

Property management undertakings                                        —                820               —        820                —           1,146                 —         1,146
Long-term business undertakings                                         57               335               —        392                78            338                 —           416
General insurance and health undertakings                               —                  9               —          9                14             28                 —            42
Total                                                                   57            1,164                —     1,221                 92          1,512                 —         1,604

The property management undertakings perform property ownership and management activities, and are incorporated and operate in the
UK. All such investments are held by subsidiary entities.
    The long-term business undertakings perform life insurance activities. All investments in such undertakings are unlisted with the
exception of Aviva SA Emklilik ve Hayat A.S. which has issued publicly a minority portion of shares. All investments in such undertakings are
held by subsidiaries, except for the shares in the Chinese joint venture, Aviva-COFCO Life Insurance Co. Limited, which are held by Aviva plc.
The Group’s share of net assets of that company is £274 million (2016: £251 million) and has a fair value of £547 million (2016: £511 million).
    The investment in general insurance and health undertakings relates to the health insurance operations in our Indonesian joint
venture.

(iii) No joint ventures are considered to be material from a Group perspective (2016: none). The Group’s principal joint ventures are as
follows:
                                                                                                                                                                             Proportion of
                                                                                                                                                                         ownership interest
Name                                                           Nature of activities                                  Principal place of business                      2017            2016

Ascot Real Estate Investments LP                               Property management                                   UK                                         50.00%           50.00%
2-10 Mortimer Street Limited Partnership                       Property management                                   UK                                         50.00%           50.00%
Aviva-COFCO Life Insurance Co. Ltd                             Life insurance                                        China                                      50.00%           50.00%
PT Astra Aviva Life                                            Life and Health insurance                             Indonesia                                  50.00%           50.00%
AvivaSA Emeklilik ve Hayat A.S                                 Life insurance                                        Turkey                                     40.00%           40.00%

The Group has no joint ventures whose non-controlling interest (NCI) is material on the basis of their share of profit/(loss).

(iv) The joint ventures have no significant contingent liabilities to which the Group is exposed. The Group has commitments to provide
funding to property management joint ventures of £6 million (2016: £6 million).
     In certain jurisdictions the ability of joint ventures to transfer funds in the form of cash dividends or to repay loans and advances made
by the Group is subject to local corporate or insurance laws and regulations and solvency requirements.

(b) Impairment testing
Interests in joint ventures are tested for impairment when there is an indicator of impairment. They are tested for impairment by comparing
the carrying value of the cash generating unit to which the goodwill or intangible relates to the recoverable value of that cash generating
unit. Recoverable amount for long-term and general insurance businesses is calculated on a consistent basis with that used for impairment
testing of goodwill, as set out in note 16 (b). The recoverable amount of property management undertakings is the fair value less costs to
sell of the joint venture, measured in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for investment property (see accounting policy Q).

19 – Interests in, and loans to, associates
This note analyses our interests in entities which we do not control but where we have significant influence.

(a) Carrying amount and details of associates
(i) The movements in the carrying amount comprised:
                                                                                                                                     2017                                             2016
                                                                                                  Goodwill and     Equity                     Goodwill and
                                                                                                   intangibles   interests           Total      intangibles Equity interests          Total
                                                                                                            £m         £m              £m               £m               £m            £m

At 1 January                                                                                              65        416             481                26             303             329
Share of results before tax                                                                               —          22              22                —                57              57
Share of tax                                                                                              —          (5)             (5)               —               (11)            (11)
Share of results after tax                                                                                —           17              17                —               46             46
Impairment                                                                                               (65)         —              (65)               —               —              —
Share of (loss)/profit after tax                                                                         (65)         17             (48)              —                46             46
Additions                                                                                                 —            2               2               39               44             83
Reduction in Group interest                                                                               —           (5)             (5)              —                 (4)            (4)
Dividends received from associates                                                                        —          (13)            (13)              —               (13)           (13)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                           —            4               4               —                40             40
Movements in carrying amount                                                                             (65)           5            (60)              39             113             152
At 31 December                                                                                             —        421             421                65             416             481

The Group’s share of total comprehensive losses related to associates is £48 million (2016: £46 million income).



                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       140
                                       Strategic report                            Governance                    IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                 Continued


19 – Interests in, and loans to, associates continued
(ii) No associates are considered to be material from a Group perspective (2016: none). All investments in principal associates are held by
subsidiaries. The Group’s principal associates are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                             Proportion of
                                                                                                                                                                                         ownership interest
Name                                                                                   Nature of activities                                  Principal place of business               2017            2016

Aviva Life Insurance Company India Limited                                             Life insurance                                        India                                  49.00%       49.00%
SCPI Ufifrance Immobilier                                                              Property Management                                   France                                 20.40%       20.40%
SCPI Selectipierre 2                                                                   Property Management                                   France                                 28.67%       28.85%
SCPI Logipierre 1                                                                      Property Management                                   France                                 44.46%       44.46%
AI UK Commercial Real Estate Debt Fund1                                                Property Management                                   UK                                     15.90%       16.20%
Encore+1                                                                               Property Management                                   UK                                      4.80%        7.00%
1   The Group has significant influence over AI UK Commercial Real Estate Debt Fund and Encore+ so they are therefore accounted for as associates.


(iii) The associates have no significant contingent liabilities to which the Group is exposed. The Group has commitments to provide funding
to property management associates of £2 million (2016: £3 million).
      In certain jurisdictions the ability of associates to transfer funds in the form of cash dividends or to repay loans and advances made by
the Group is subject to local corporate or insurance laws and regulations and solvency requirements.

(b) Impairment testing
The recoverable amount of property management undertakings is the fair value less costs to sell of the associate, measured in accordance
with the Group’s accounting policy for investment property (see accounting policy Q).
    In 2017 the Group determined that the goodwill of £47 million and AVIF of £18 million of its investment in Aviva Life Insurance Company
India Limited (‘Aviva India’) were fully impaired following management’s annual impairment review. The total impairment of £65 million
was recognised within the income statement as a component of share of profit after tax of joint ventures and associates.
    The recoverable amount of Aviva India was determined based on its value in use which was calculated on an embedded value (‘EV’)
basis in line with Actuarial Practice Standard 10 (‘APS 10’) as defined by the Institute of Actuaries of India. The EV cash flow projections,
based on business plans covering a three year period, were adjusted to reflect a more prudent view of the value of the in-force business by
applying higher expense overruns over an extended 7 year period on a run-off rate of 14% and pre-tax discount rate of 12%.
     The recoverable amount determined based on this adjusted embedded value calculation and allocated to Aviva’s 49% shareholding
was £93 million which upon comparison with Aviva India’s carrying amount at the time of the impairment assessment indicated that its
goodwill and AVIF balances were fully impaired.




                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     141
                                       Strategic report                           Governance             IFRS financial statements            Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                Continued


20 – Property and equipment
This note analyses our property and equipment, which are primarily properties occupied by Group companies.
                                                                                                                    Properties     Owner -
                                                                                                                        under     occupied        Motor     Computer   Other
                                                                                                                  construction   properties     vehicles   equipment   assets   Total
                                                                                                                           £m           £m           £m          £m       £m      £m

Cost or valuation
At 1 January 2016                                                                                                          3          360            3         267      236      869
Additions                                                                                                                  2             3           —           14       48       67
Disposals                                                                                                                  —           (77)          —          (13)     (20)   (110)
Transfers from investment property (note 21)                                                                               —            39           —           —        —        39
Fair value losses                                                                                                          —           (18)          —           —        —       (18)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                            —            34           —            2       13       49
At 31 December 2016                                                                                                         5         341            3         270      277      896
Additions                                                                                                                   1           3            —          18       47       69
Disposals1                                                                                                                 —          (20)           —        (134)     (61)    (215)
Transfers (to)/from investment property (note 21)                                                                          (5)         11            —          —        —         6
Fair value losses                                                                                                          —           (4)           —          —        —        (4)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                            —            9            —           1        2       12
At 31 December 2017                                                                                                         1        340              3        155     265      764
Depreciation and impairment
At 1 January 2016                                                                                                          —          (23)           (2)       (248)   (147)    (420)
Charge for the year                                                                                                        —           —             (1)        (11)    (13)     (25)
Disposals                                                                                                                  —            3             1          12      19       35
Impairment charge                                                                                                          —           —             —           —       —        —
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                            —           —             —            1      —         1
At 31 December 2016                                                                                                        —          (20)           (2)       (246)   (141)    (409)
Charge for the year                                                                                                        —           —             —          (13)    (22)     (35)
Disposals1                                                                                                                 —           15            —         134       54     203
Impairment charge                                                                                                          —            2            —           —       (8)      (6)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                            —           —             —           —       (3)      (3)
At 31 December 2017                                                                                                        —            (3)          (2)      (125)    (120)    (250)

Carrying amount
At 31 December 2016                                                                                                         5         321             1          24     136     487
At 31 December 2017                                                                                                         1        337              1          30    145      514
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                                  —            (4)          —            —       (1)     (5)
At 31 December 2017                                                                                                         1        333              1          30    144      509
1   Disposals of computer equipment primarily comprise exhausted assets within Aviva Central Services.


Total net fair value losses of £4 million on owner occupied properties consist of £6 million of losses in the year (2016 £23 million losses)
which have been taken to the income statement and £3 million reversal of losses (2016: £1 million reversal) taken to the income statement
in previous years and £1 million losses (2016: £4 million gains) which have been taken to other comprehensive income.
    Owner-occupied properties are stated at their revalued amounts, as assessed by qualified external valuers. These values are assessed in
accordance with the relevant parts of the current Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors Appraisal and Valuation Standards in the UK, and
with current local valuation practices in other countries. This assessment is in accordance with UK Valuations Standards (‘Red book’), and is
the estimated amount for which a property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an
arm’s-length transaction, after proper marketing wherein the parties had acted knowledgeably and without compulsion, on the basis of the
highest and best use of asset that is physically possible, legally permissible and financially feasible. The valuation assessment adopts
market-based evidence and is in line with guidance from the International Valuation Standards Committee and the requirements of IAS 16,
Property, Plant and Equipment.
    Similar considerations apply to properties under construction, where an estimate is made of valuation when complete, adjusted for
anticipated costs to completion, profit and risk, reflecting market conditions at the valuation date.
    If owner-occupied properties were stated on a historical cost basis, the carrying amount would be £349 million (2016: £341 million).
    The Group has no material finance leases for property and equipment.




                                                                                 Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                    142
                              Strategic report         Governance          IFRS financial statements           Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements      Continued


21 – Investment property
This note gives details of the properties we hold for long-term rental yields or capital appreciation.
                                                                                                                   2017                               2016
                                                                                        Freehold   Leasehold       Total    Freehold   Leasehold      Total
                                                                                             £m          £m          £m          £m          £m        £m

Carrying value
At 1 January                                                                             9,169      1,647       10,816       9,372       1,929     11,301
Additions                                                                                  530         12          542         566            1        567
Capitalised expenditure on existing properties                                              99         31          130         119           36        155
Fair value gains/(losses)                                                                  440         41          481          (77)        (52)      (129)
Disposals                                                                               (1,216)       (85)      (1,301)     (1,133)       (307)     (1,440)
Transfers to property and equipment (note 20)                                               (6)        —            (6)         (39)         —          (39)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                            131          4          135         361           40        401
At 31 December                                                                          9,147       1,650       10,797       9,169       1,647     10,816
Less: Assets classified as held for sale                                                     —           —           —         (48)          —         (48)
                                                                                        9,147       1,650       10,797       9,121       1,647     10,768

Please refer to note 22 ‘Fair value methodology’ for further information on the fair value measurement and valuation techniques of
investment property.
    The fair value of investment properties leased to third parties under operating leases at 31 December 2017 was £10,513 million (2016:
£10,754 million). Future contractual aggregate minimum lease rentals receivable under the non-cancellable portion of these leases are
given in note 53(b)(i).

22 – Fair value methodology
This note explains the methodology for valuing our assets and liabilities measured at fair value, and for fair value disclosures. It also
provides an analysis of these according to a ‘fair value hierarchy’, determined by the market observability of valuation inputs.

(a) Basis for determining fair value hierarchy
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the ‘fair value
hierarchy’ described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

Level 1
Inputs to Level 1 fair values are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that the entity can access at
the measurement date.

Level 2
Inputs to Level 2 fair values are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term, a Level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full
term of the instrument. Level 2 inputs include the following:
• Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets.
• Quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, the prices are not current, or price quotations
  vary substantially either over time or among market makers, or in which little information is released publicly.
• Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (for example, interest rates and yield curves observable at
  commonly quoted intervals, implied volatilities, and credit spreads).
• Market-corroborated inputs.

Where we use broker quotes and no information as to the observability of inputs is provided by the broker, the investments are classified as
follows:
• Where the broker price is validated by using internal models with market observable inputs and the values are similar, we classify the
  investment as Level 2.
• In circumstances where internal models are not used to validate broker prices, or the observability of inputs used by brokers is
  unavailable, the investment is classified as Level 3.

Level 3
Inputs to Level 3 fair values are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs may have been used to measure fair
value to the extent that observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for
the asset or liability at the measurement date. However, the fair value measurement objective remains the same, i.e. an exit price at the
measurement date from the perspective of a market participant that holds the asset or owes the liability. Unobservable inputs reflect the
assumptions the business unit considers that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Examples are investment
properties, certain private equity investments and private placements.




                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         143
                                         Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                   Continued


22 – Fair value methodology continued
The majority of the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value are based on quoted market information or observable market
data. Of the total assets and liabilities measured at fair value 15.7% (2016: 15.8%) of assets and 3.2% (2016: 4.4%) of liabilities are based on
estimates and recorded as Level 3. Where estimates are used, these are based on a combination of independent third-party evidence and
internally developed models, calibrated to market observable data where possible. Third-party valuations using significant unobservable
inputs validated against Level 2 internally modelled valuations are classified as Level 3, where there is a significant difference between the
third-party price and the internally modelled value. Where the difference is insignificant, the instrument would be classified as Level 2.

(b) Changes to valuation techniques
There were no changes in the valuation techniques during the year compared to those described in the 2016 annual consolidated financial
statements.

(c) Comparison of the carrying amount and fair values of financial instruments
Set out below is a comparison of the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and liabilities, excluding those classified as held for
sale. These amounts may differ where the assets or liabilities are carried on a measurement basis other than fair value, e.g. amortised cost.
                                                                                                                                                                                                2017                              20161
                                                                                                                                                                                            Carrying                          Carrying
                                                                                                                                                                         Fair value         amount          Fair value        amount
                                                                                                                                                                                £m               £m                £m              £m

Financial assets
Loans2 (note 23 (a))                                                                                                                                                    27,796           27,857            24,705           24,784
Financial Investments (note 26 (a))                                                                                                                                    311,082          311,082           299,835          299,835
  Fixed maturity securities                                                                                                                                            174,808          174,808           178,970          178,970
  Equity securities                                                                                                                                                     89,968           89,968            72,042           72,042
  Other investments (including derivatives)                                                                                                                             46,306           46,306            48,823           48,823

Financial liabilities
Non-participating investment contracts (note 41 (a))                                                                                                                   116,332          116,332           114,527          114,527
Net asset value attributable to unitholders                                                                                                                             18,327           18,327            15,638           15,638
Borrowings2 (note 49 (a))                                                                                                                                               11,538           10,286            10,926           10,295
Derivative liabilities (note 57 (b))                                                                                                                                     5,751            5,751             6,795            6,795
1   Following a review of the Group’s investment classifications, comparative amounts in respect of unit trusts and other investment vehicles and equity and debt securities have been amended from those previously reported.
    Refer to note 26 for further details of this adjustment and the financial impact arising.
2   Within the fair value total, the estimated fair value has been provided for the portion of loans and borrowings that are carried at amortised cost as disclosed in note 22 (h).


Fair value of the following assets and liabilities approximate to their carrying amounts:
• Receivables
• Cash and cash equivalents
• Payables and other financial liabilities

(d) Fair value hierarchy analysis
An analysis of assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost and fair value categorised by fair value hierarchy is given below.
                                                                                                                                                            Fair value hierarchy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Total
                                                                                                                                                                                       Sub-total       Amortised           carrying
                                                                                                                                        Level 1          Level 2         Level 3       Fair value           cost              value
2017                                                                                                                                       £m               £m              £m                £m             £m                 £m

Recurring fair value measurements
Investment Property (note 21)                                                                                                                —             —          10,797           10,797                —            10,797
Loans (note 23 (a))                                                                                                                          —            443         23,949           24,392             3,465           27,857
Financial investments measured at fair value (note 26 (a))
  Fixed maturity securities                                                                                                        107,771            51,900          15,137          174,808                  —         174,808
  Equity securities                                                                                                                 89,192                —              776           89,968                  —          89,968
  Other investments (including derivatives)                                                                                         38,249             5,194           2,863           46,306                  —          46,306
Financial assets of operations classified as held for sale                                                                           6,192                27           2,093            8,312                  —           8,312
Total                                                                                                                              241,404            57,564          55,615          354,583             3,465          358,048
Financial liabilities measured at fair value
  Non-participating investment contracts1 (note 41 (a))                                                                            116,123                209              —          116,332                —           116,332
  Net asset value attributable to unit holders                                                                                      18,314                 —               13          18,327                —            18,327
  Borrowings (note 49 (a))                                                                                                              —                  —            1,180           1,180             9,106           10,286
  Derivative liabilities (note 57 (b))                                                                                                 521              4,872             358           5,751                —             5,751
Financial liabilities of operations classified as held for sale                                                                      5,346                 26           3,306           8,678                —             8,678
Total                                                                                                                              140,304              5,107           4,857         150,268             9,106          159,374
1   In addition to the balances in this table, included within Reinsurance assets in the Statement of financial position and note 43 are £6,094 million of non-participating investment contracts, which are legally reinsurance but do
    not meet the definition of a reinsurance contract under IFRS. These assets are financial instruments measured at fair value through profit and loss and are classified as Level 1 assets.




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       144
                                         Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                   Continued


22 – Fair value methodology continued
                                                                                                                                                                                             Fair value hierarchy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Total
                                                                                                                                                                          Level 1         Level 2          Level 3       fair value
2017                                                                                                                                                                         £m              £m               £m                £m

Non-recurring fair value measurement
Properties occupied by Group companies                                                                                                                                        —               —              333             333
Total                                                                                                                                                                         —               —              333             333

IFRS 13, Fair Value Measurement, permits assets and liabilities to be measured at fair value on either a recurring or non-recurring basis.
Recurring fair value measurements are those that other IFRSs require or permit in the statement of financial position at the end of each
reporting period, whereas non-recurring fair value measurements of assets or liabilities are those that other IFRSs require or permit in the
statement of financial position in particular circumstances. The value of owner-occupied properties measured on a non-recurring basis at
31 December was £333 million (2016: £321 million), stated at their revalued amounts in line with the requirements of IAS16 Property, Plant
and Equipment.
                                                                                                                                                              Fair value hierarchy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Total
                                                                                                                                                                                        Sub-total       Amortised          carrying
                                                                                                                                         Level 1         Level 2          Level 3       Fair value           cost            value
20161                                                                                                                                       £m              £m               £m                £m             £m                £m

Recurring fair value measurements
Investment Property (note 21)                                                                                                               —               —          10,768           10,768               —           10,768
Loans (note 23 (a))                                                                                                                         —              360         20,923           21,283            3,501          24,784
Financial investments measured at fair value (note 26 (a))
  Fixed maturity securities                                                                                                           96,102          66,421           16,447         178,970                  —       178,970
  Equity securities                                                                                                                   71,129              —               913          72,042                  —        72,042
  Other investments (including derivatives)                                                                                           38,582           6,240            4,001          48,823                  —        48,823
Financial assets of operations classified as held for sale                                                                             9,408             366              980          10,754                  75       10,829
Total                                                                                                                               215,221           73,387           54,032         342,640             3,576        346,216
Financial liabilities measured at fair value
  Non-participating investment contracts2 (note 41 (a))                                                                             110,900               219            3,408        114,527                —         114,527
  Net asset value attributable to unit holders                                                                                       15,618                —                20         15,638                —          15,638
  Borrowings (note 49 (a))                                                                                                               —                 —             1,110          1,110             9,185         10,295
  Derivative liabilities (note 57 (b))                                                                                                  401             4,794            1,600          6,795                —           6,795
Financial liabilities of operations classified as held for sale                                                                          —                  4               —               4                —               4
Total                                                                                                                               126,919             5,017            6,138        138,074             9,185        147,259
1   Following a review of the Group’s investment classifications, comparative amounts in respect of unit trusts and other investment vehicles and equity and debt securities have been amended from those previously reported.
    Refer to note 26 for further details of this adjustment and the financial impact arising.
2   In addition to the balances in this table, included within Reinsurance assets in the Statement of financial position and note 43 are £18,366 million of non-participating investment contracts, which are legally reinsurance but do
    not meet the definition of a reinsurance contract under IFRS. These assets are financial instruments measured at fair value through profit and loss and are classified as Level 1 assets


                                                                                                                                                                                               Fair value hierarchy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Total fair
                                                                                                                                                                          Level 1         Level 2          Level 3           value
2016                                                                                                                                                                         £m              £m               £m                £m

Non-recurring fair value measurement
Properties occupied by Group companies                                                                                                                                        —               —              321             321
Total                                                                                                                                                                         —               —              321             321

(e) Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy
For financial instruments that are recognised at fair value on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred
between levels of the fair value hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
measurement as a whole) at the end of the reporting period.

Transfers between Level 1 and Level 2
There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year.

Transfers to/from Level 3
£1.0 billion of assets transferred into Level 3 and £1.6 billion of assets transferred out of Level 3 relate principally to debt securities held by
our businesses in the UK and France. These are transferred between levels 2 and 3 depending on the availability of observable inputs and
whether the counterparty and broker quotes are corroborated using valuation models with observable inputs.
    Transfers of liabilities out of Level 3 amounting to £1.5 billion primarily relate to RPI swaps held by the UK business included within
derivative liabilities. The levelling review conducted during the period suggested that the market for these is liquid and deep, the inputs are
now deemed to be observable and as a result these were transferred to Level 2.




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       145
                                        Strategic report                             Governance                      IFRS financial statements                          Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                   Continued


22 – Fair value methodology continued
(f) Valuation approach for fair value assets and liabilities classified as Level 2
Please see note 22(a) for a description of typical Level 2 inputs.
    Debt securities, in line with market practice, are generally valued using an independent pricing service. These valuations are
determined using independent external quotations from multiple sources and are subject to a number of monitoring controls, such as
monthly price variances, stale price reviews and variance analysis. Pricing services, where available, are used to obtain the third-party
broker quotes. Where pricing services providers are used, a single valuation is obtained and applied. When prices are not available from
pricing services, quotes are sourced from brokers.
    Over-the-counter derivatives are valued using broker quotes or models such as option pricing models, simulation models or a
combination of models. The inputs for these models include a range of factors which are deemed to be observable, including current
market and contractual prices for underlying instruments, period to maturity, correlations, yield curves and volatility of the underlying
instruments.
    Unit Trusts and other investment funds included under the other investments category are valued using net asset values which are not
subject to a significant adjustment for restrictions on redemption or for limited trading activity.

(g) Further information on Level 3 assets and liabilities:
The table below shows movement in the Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value:
                                                                                                                                                     Assets                                                                   Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                 Financial                       Net asset                                Financial
                                                                                                                                     Other       assets of         Non               value                             liabilities of
                                                                                                                              investments      operations participating       attributable                              operations
                                                                Investment                           Debt           Equity      (including    classified as investment                  to   Derivative                classified as
                                                                   Property          Loans       securities      securities    derivatives)   held for sale   contracts       unitholders     liabilities   Borrowings held for sale
2017                                                                    £m             £m              £m              £m               £m              £m          £m                 £m             £m           £m            £m

Opening balance at 1 January 2017                                10,768          20,923         16,447               913          4,001               980         (3,408)             (20)    (1,600)         (1,110)               —
Total net gains/(losses) recognised in the                                                                                                                                                                                        (165)
   income statement1                                                  511             643           (795)           (179)               55            162                —               7        (105)            (97)
Total net gains/(losses) recognised in                                                                                                                                                                                                 —
   other comprehensive income                                         —               —              —                 —             —               —                —                 —          —                —
Purchases                                                            672           3,252          1,745                66           944             267             (153)               —          (9)              —           (113)
Issuances                                                             —              151             —                 —             —               (1)              —                 —          —                —             —
Disposals                                                         (1,289)         (1,025)        (1,771)              (12)         (439)         (1,383)             153                —         180               27           377
Settlements2                                                          —               —              —                 —             —               —                —                 —          —                —             —
Transfers into Level 3                                                —               —             899                 2            10             132               —                 —        (164)              —           (132)
Transfers out of Level 3                                              —               —          (1,399)               —            (83)           (135)              —                 —       1,342               —            135
Reclassification to held for sale                                      —              —            (340)              (19)       (1,682)          2,041            3,408                —          —                —         (3,408)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                      135               5            351                 5            57              30               —                 —          (2)              —             —
Balance at 31 December 2017                                      10,797          23,949         15,137               776           2,863           2,093                 —            (13)        (358)       (1,180)         (3,306)
1   Total net gains/(losses) recognised in the income statement includes realised gains/(losses) on disposals.
2   Settlements include effective settlements of Group holdings.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                    Assets
                                                                                                                                                 Financial                       Net asset                                    Financial
                                                                                                                                     Other       assets of             Non           value                                 liabilities of
                                                                                                                              investments      operations     participating   attributable                                  operations
                                                                Investment                          Debt            Equity      (including    classified as    investment               to   Derivative                   classified as
                                                                   Property          Loans      securities       securities    derivatives)   held for sale      contracts    unitholders     liabilities   Borrowings    held for sale
2016                                                                   £m              £m             £m               £m               £m              £m              £m             £m            £m            £m                £m

Opening balance at 1 January 2016                                11,301          18,129         14,603               936          4,153                —         (3,421)             (22)     (1,093)           (527)                —
Total net gains/(losses) recognised in the                                                                                                                                                                                           —
   income statement1                                                 (75)            483            586               55            161                13           (111)             2          (575)           217
Purchases                                                            721             116          1,587               94            718              228            (184)             —          (302)            —                  —
Issuances                                                             —            2,612             —                —               —                —              (41)            —            —              —                  —
Disposals                                                         (1,534)         (1,140)        (1,528)            (194)        (1,144)              (75)           358              —           196             —                  —
Settlements2                                                          —               —              67               —               —                —               21             —            —              17                 —
Transfers into Level 3                                                —              718          1,893               —               40               50             (40)            —            —            (817)                —
Transfers out of Level 3                                              —               —          (1,284)               (1)         (111)              (15)             81             —           179             —                  —
Reclassification to held for sale                                    (40)             —            (590)              —              (36)            666               —              —            —              —                  —
Foreign exchange rate movements                                      395               5          1,113               23            220              113              (71)            —             (5)           —                  —
Balance at 31 December 2016                                      10,768          20,923         16,447               913          4,001              980         (3,408)             (20)     (1,600)         (1,110)                —
1   Total net gains/(losses) recognised in the income statement includes realised gains/(losses) on disposals.
2   Settlements include effective settlements of Group holdings.




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       146
                           Strategic report            Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements      Continued


22 – Fair value methodology continued
Total net gains recognised in the income statement in the year ended 31 December 2017 in respect of Level 3 assets measured at fair value
amounted to £397 million (2016: net gains of £1,223 million) with net losses in respect of liabilities of £360 million (2016: net losses of £467
million). Net gains of £200 million (2016: net gains of £833 million) attributable to assets and net losses of £212 million (2016: net losses of
£333 million) attributable to liabilities relate to those still held at the end of the year.
    The principal assets classified as Level 3, and the valuation techniques applied to them, are described below.

(i) Investment property
• Investment property amounting to £10.8 billion (2016: £10.8 billion) is valued in the UK at least annually by external chartered surveyors in
  accordance with guidance issued by The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, and using estimates during the intervening period.
  Outside the UK, valuations are produced by external qualified professional appraisers in the countries concerned. Investment properties
  are valued on an income approach that is based on current rental income plus anticipated uplifts at the next rent review, lease expiry, or
  break options taking into consideration lease incentives and assuming no further growth in the estimated rental value of the property.
  The uplift and discount rates are derived from rates implied by recent market transactions on similar properties. These inputs are
  deemed unobservable.

(ii) Loans
• Commercial mortgage loans and Primary Healthcare loans held by our UK Life business amounting to £12.2 billion (2016: £11.2 billion),
  are valued using a Portfolio Credit Risk Model. This model calculates a Credit Risk Adjusted Value for each loan. The risk adjusted cash
  flows are discounted using a yield curve, taking into account the term dependent gilt yield curve and global assumptions for the liquidity
  premium. Loans valued using this model have been classified as Level 3 as the liquidity premium is deemed to be non-market
  observable. The liquidity premium used in the discount rate ranges between 75 bps to 245 bps.
• Equity release mortgage loans held by our UK Life business amounting to £9.3 billion (2016: £8.0 billion) are valued using risk-adjusted
  cash flows for defaults discounted at a risk-free rate plus a market-determined liquidity premium. Inputs to the model include primarily
  property growth rates, mortality and morbidity assumptions, cost of capital and liquidity premium which are not deemed to be market
  observable. The liquidity premium used in the discount rate during the reporting period ranges from 195 bps to 250 bps.
• Infrastructure and Private Finance Initiative (PFI) loans held by our UK Life business amounting to £1.8 billion (2016: £1.1 billion) are valued
  using a discounted cash flow model. This adds spreads for credit and illiquidity to a risk-free discount rate. Credit spreads used in the
  discount rate are calculated using an internally developed methodology which depends on the credit rating of each loan, credit spreads
  on publicly traded bonds and an estimated recovery rate in event of default and are deemed to be unobservable.
• Non-recourse loans of £0.6 billion (2016: £0.6 billion) have been valued using internally developed discounted cash flow models
  incorporating a significant number of modelling assumptions and unobservable market data including a probability of default and
  illiquidity premium.

(iii) Debt securities
• Structured bond-type and non-standard debt products held by our business in France amounting to £5.9 billion (2016: £7.4 billion) and
  bonds held by our UK business of £1.2 billion (2016: £2.6 billion) have no active market. These debt securities are valued either using
  counterparty or broker quotes and validated against internal or third-party models. These bonds have been classified as Level 3 because
  either (i) the third-party models includes a significant unobservable liquidity adjustment, or (ii) differences between the valuation
  provided by the counterparty and broker quotes and the validation model are sufficiently significant to result in a Level 3 classification.
• Debt securities held by our French business of £2.7 billion (2016: £1.5 billion) and by our UK and Asia businesses of £3.0 billion (2016: £1.4
  billion) which are not traded in an active market have been valued using third party or counterparty valuations. These prices are
  considered to be unobservable due to infrequent market transactions.
• Privately placed notes held by our UK Life business of £1.5 billion (2016: £3.1 billion) have been valued using broker quotes or a
  discounted cash flow model using discount factors based on swap curves of similar maturity, plus internally derived spreads for credit
  risk. As these spreads have been deemed to be unobservable these notes have been classified as Level 3.
• Collateralised loan obligations of £0.4 billion (2016: £0.4 billion) have been valued using internally developed discounted cash flow models
  incorporating a significant number of modelling assumptions and unobservable market data including assumptions regarding
  correlation among the underlying loans, a probability of default and liquidity premium.

(iv) Equity securities
• Equity securities which primarily comprise private equity holdings of £0.8 billion (2015: £0.8 billion) held in the UK are valued by a number
  of third party specialists. These are valued using a range of techniques, including earnings multiples, forecast cash flows and
  price/earnings ratios which are deemed to be unobservable.

(v) Other investments
• The following Other investments are valued based on external valuation reports received from fund managers:
  ė Private equity investment funds amounting to £0.6 billion (2016: £0.8 billion);
  ė Other investment funds including property funds amounting to £1.8 billion (2016: £0.8 billion); and
  ė External hedge funds held principally by businesses in the UK and France amounting to £0.4 billion (2016: £0.5 billion).

(vi) Financial assets of operations classified as held for sale
• Financial assets of operations classified as held for sale are held by our Asia business and consist primarily of discretionary managed
  funds of £1.6 billion (2016: £1.7 billion included within Other investments) and debt securities which are not traded in an active market and
  have been valued using third party or counterparty valuations of £0.4 billion (2016: £0.2 billion included within Debt securities).




                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         147
                              Strategic report         Governance          IFRS financial statements      Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements      Continued


22 – Fair value methodology continued
Where these valuations are at a date other than balance sheet date, as in the case of some private equity funds, adjustments are made to
reflect items such as subsequent draw-downs and distributions and the fund manager’s carried interest.
     Remaining Level 3 investments amount to £0.6 billion (2016: £0.3 billion) within debt securities, equity securities and other investments
held by a number of businesses throughout the Group.
     Where possible, the Group tests the sensitivity of the fair values of Level 3 investments to changes in unobservable inputs to reasonable
alternatives. Valuations for Level 3 investments are sourced from independent third parties when available and, where appropriate,
validated against internally-modelled valuations, third-party models or broker quotes. Where third-party pricing sources are unwilling to
provide a sensitivity analysis for their valuations, the Group undertakes, where feasible, sensitivity analysis on the following basis:
• For third-party valuations validated against internally-modelled valuations using significant unobservable inputs, the sensitivity of the
  internally-modelled valuation to changes in unobservable inputs to a reasonable alternative is determined.
• For third-party valuations either not validated or validated against a third-party model or broker quote, the third-party valuation in its
  entirety is considered an unobservable input. Sensitivities are determined by flexing inputs of internal models to a reasonable alternative,
  including the yield, NAV multiple or other suitable valuation multiples of the financial instrument implied by the third-party valuation. For
  example, for a fixed income security the implied yield would be the rate of return which discounts the security’s contractual cash flows to
  equal the third-party valuation.

On the basis of the methodology outlined above, the Group is able to perform sensitivity analysis for £56 billion (2016: £54 billion) of the
Group’s Level 3 assets. For these Level 3 assets, changing unobservable valuation inputs to a reasonable alternative would result in a
change in fair value by ± £2.5 billion (2016: ± £2.5 billion).

(vi) Liabilities
The principal liabilities classified as Level 3, and the valuation techniques applied to them, are:
• £3.3 billion (2016: £3.4 billion) of non-participating investment contract liabilities which are included within financial liabilities of
  operations classified as held for sale. These are classified as Level 3, either because the underlying unit funds are classified as Level 3 or
  because the liability relates to unfunded units or other non-unit adjustments which are based on a discounted cash flow analysis using
  unobservable market data and assumptions.
• £1.3 billion (2016: £1.1 billion) of securitised mortgage loan notes, presented within Borrowings, are valued using a similar technique to
  the related Level 3 securitised mortgage assets.
• Derivative liabilities of £0.4 billion (2016: £1.6 billion) comprising over-the-counter derivatives being primarily RPI swaps and index linked
  asset swaps. These swaps are valued using either discounted cash flow models. Cash flows within these models may be adjusted based
  on assumptions reflecting the underlying credit risk and liquidity risk and these assumptions are deemed to be non-market observable.

Where possible, the Group tests the sensitivity of the fair values of Level 3 liabilities to changes in unobservable inputs to reasonable
alternatives. Sensitivities are determined by flexing inputs of internal models to a reasonable alternative, including the yield, NAV multiple
or other suitable valuation multiples of the financial instrument implied by the third-party valuation.
    On the basis of the methodology outlined above, the Group is able to perform sensitivity analysis for £5 billion (2016: £6 billion) of the
Group’s Level 3 liabilities. For these Level 3 liabilities, changing unobservable valuation inputs to a reasonable alternative would result in a
change in fair value by approximately ± £0.5 billion (2016: ± £0.7 billion).

(h) Assets and liabilities not carried at fair value for which fair value is disclosed
The table below shows the fair value and fair value hierarchy for those assets and liabilities not carried at fair value.
                                                                                                                         Fair value hierarchy
                                                                                                                                                   Total fair
                                                                                                           Level 1    Level 2           Level 3       value
2017                                                                                                          £m         £m                £m            £m

Assets and liabilities not carried at fair value
Loans                                                                                                         —       1,280           2,124         3,404
Borrowings                                                                                                 9,779        205             374        10,358

                                                                                                                            Fair value hierarchy
                                                                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                                            Level 1    Level 2          Level 3    fair value
2016                                                                                                           £m         £m               £m             £m

Assets and liabilities not carried at fair value
Loans                                                                                                         —       1,300            2,122        3,422
Borrowings                                                                                                 9,113        300              403        9,816




                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         148
                                         Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                    Continued


23 – Loans
This note analyses the loans our Group companies have made, the majority of which are mortgage loans.

(a) Carrying amounts
The carrying amounts of loans at 31 December 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                               2017                                          2016
                                                                                                                                      At fair value                                        At fair value
                                                                                                                                   through profit                                       through profit
                                                                                                                                     or loss other    At amortised                        or loss other    At amortised
                                                                                                                                     than trading             cost             Total      than trading             cost     Total
                                                                                                                                                £m             £m                £m                  £m             £m       £m

Policy loans                                                                                                                                 1               792             793                 1               881         882
Loans to banks                                                                                                                             554             1,970           2,524               569             2,010       2,579
Healthcare, infrastructure & PFI other loans                                                                                             3,563                —            3,563             2,460                —        2,460
UK securitised mortgage loans (see note 24)1                                                                                             2,463                —            2,463             2,424                —        2,424
Non-securitised mortgage loans1                                                                                                         17,817                —           17,817            15,829                 1      15,830
Loans to brokers and other intermediaries                                                                                                   —                180             180                —                170         170
Other loans                                                                                                                                 —                523             523                —                514         514
Total                                                                                                                                   24,398             3,465          27,863            21,283             3,576      24,859
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                                                      (6)              —                (6)                —             (75)       (75)
                                                                                                                                        24,392             3,465          27,857            21,283             3,501      24,784
1   Following a review of the classification of mortgage loans, £4,992 million has been transferred from securitised to non-securitised mortgage loans in 2016. The net impact on total loans is nil.


Of the above total loans, £26,206 million (2016: £23,432 million) are due to be recovered in more than one year after the statement of
financial position date.

Loans at fair value
Fair values have been calculated by using cash flow models appropriate for each portfolio of mortgages. Further details of the fair value
methodology and models utilised are given in note 22 (g).
    The cumulative change in fair value of loans attributable to changes in credit risk to 31 December 2017 was a £1,090 million loss (2016:
£1,735 million loss).
    Non-securitised mortgage loans include £3.4 billion (2016: £3.3 billion) relating to UK primary healthcare and PFI businesses which are
secured against General Practitioner premises, other primary health-related premises or other emergency services related premises. For all
such loans, government support is provided through either direct funding or reimbursement of rental payments to the tenants to meet
income service and provide for the debt to be reduced substantially over the term of the loan. Although the loan principal is not
government-guaranteed, the nature of these businesses and premises provides considerable comfort of an ongoing business model and
low risk of default.
    Healthcare, Infrastructure and PFI other loans of £3.6 billion (2016: £2.5 billion) are secured against the income from healthcare and
educational premises.

Loans at amortised cost
The fair value of these loans at 31 December 2017 was £3,404 million (2016: £3,497 million).

(b) Analysis of loans carried at amortised cost
                                                                                                                                                                               2017                                          2016
                                                                                                                                       Amortised                           Carrying         Amortised                     Carrying
                                                                                                                                            Cost       Impairment             Value             Cost       Impairment       Value
                                                                                                                                             £m               £m                £m                £m              £m           £m

Policy loans                                                                                                                                792                 —             792               881                 —        881
Loans to banks                                                                                                                            1,970                 —           1,970             2,010                 —      2,010
Non-securitised mortgage loans                                                                                                                9                 (9)            —                  8                 (7)        1
Loans to brokers and other intermediaries                                                                                                   180                 —             180               170                 —        170
Other loans                                                                                                                                 523                 —             523               514                 —        514
Total                                                                                                                                     3,474                 (9)         3,465             3,583                 (7)    3,576

The movements in the impairment provisions on these loans for the years ended 31 December 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2017       2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   £m         £m

At 1 January                                                                                                                                                                                                        (7)        (6)
Increase during the year                                                                                                                                                                                            (2)        (1)
At 31 December                                                                                                                                                                                                      (9)        (7)




                                                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                        149
                                         Strategic report                            Governance                      IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                   Continued


23 – Loans continued
(c) Collateral
Loans to banks include cash collateral received under stock lending arrangements (see note 58 for further discussion regarding these
collateral positions). The obligation to repay this collateral is included in payables and other financial liabilities (note 50).
    The Group holds collateral in respect of loans where it is considered appropriate in order to reduce the risk of non-recovery. This
collateral generally takes the form of liens or charges over properties and, in the case of policy loans, the underlying policy for the majority
of the loan balances above. In all other situations, the collateral must be in a readily realisable form, such as listed securities, and is held in
segregated accounts.

24 – Securitised mortgages and related assets
The Group, in its UK Life business has loans receivable, secured by mortgages, which have then been securitised through non-recourse
borrowings. This note gives details of the relevant transactions.

(a) Description of current arrangements
In a UK long-term business subsidiary, Aviva Equity Release UK Limited (AER), the beneficial interest in certain portfolios of lifetime
mortgages has been transferred to five special purpose securitisation companies (the ERF companies), in return for initial consideration
and, at later dates, deferred consideration. The deferred consideration represents receipts accrued within the ERF companies after meeting
all their obligations to the note holders, loan providers and other third parties in the priority of payments. The purchases of the mortgages
were funded by the issue of fixed and floating rate notes by the ERF companies.
     All the shares in the ERF companies are held by independent companies, whose shares are held on trust. Although AER does not own,
directly or indirectly, any of the share capital of the ERF companies or their parent companies, it has control of the securitisation
companies, and they have therefore been treated as subsidiaries in the consolidated financial statements. AER has no right to repurchase
the benefit of any of the securitised mortgage loans, other than in certain circumstances where AER is in breach of warranty or loans are
substituted in order to effect a further advance.
     AER has purchased subordinated notes and granted subordinated loans to some of the ERF companies. In addition, Group companies
have invested £231 million (2016: £217 million) in loan notes issued by the ERF companies. These have been eliminated on consolidation
through offset against the borrowings of the ERF companies in the consolidated statement of financial position.
     In all of the above transactions, the Company and its subsidiaries are not obliged to support any losses that may be suffered by the note
holders and do not intend to provide such support. Additionally, the notes were issued on the basis that note holders are only entitled to
obtain payment, of both principal and interest, to the extent that the available resources of the respective special purpose securitisation
companies, including funds due from customers in respect of the securitised loans, are sufficient and that note holders have no recourse
whatsoever to other companies in the Aviva Group.

(b) Carrying values
The following table summarises the securitisation arrangements:
                                                                                                                                                                                               2017                       2016
                                                                                                                                                                       Securitised      Securitised   Securitised   Securitised
                                                                                                                                                                           assets       borrowings        assets    borrowings
                                                                                                                                                                               £m               £m            £m            £m

Securitised mortgage loans
At fair value (note 23)1                                                                                                                                                   2,463          (1,411)        2,424        (1,327)
Other securitisation assets/(liabilities)1                                                                                                                                   265          (1,317)          253        (1,350)
                                                                                                                                                                           2,728          (2,728)        2,677        (2,677)
1 Following a review of the classification of mortgage loans, £4,992 million has been transferred from securitised to non-securitised mortgage loans in 2016. The net impact on total loans is nil.


Loan notes held by third parties are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                           2017           2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                            £m             £m

Total loan notes issued, as above                                                                                                                                                                       1,411          1,327
Less: Loan notes held by Group companies                                                                                                                                                                 (231)          (217)
Loan notes held by third parties (note 49(c)(i))                                                                                                                                                        1,180          1,110




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       150
                           Strategic report           Governance          IFRS financial statements    Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements      Continued


25 – Interests in structured entities
A structured entity is defined as an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding
who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only, or when the relevant activities are directed by
means of contractual arrangements. The Group has interests in both consolidated and unconsolidated structured entities as described
below.
    The Group holds redeemable shares or units in investment vehicles, which consist of:
• Debt securities comprising securitisation vehicles that Aviva does not originate. These investments are comprised of a variety of debt
  instruments, including asset-backed securities and other structured securities.
• Investment funds which include: hedge funds, liquidity funds, private equity funds, unit trusts, mutual funds and Private Finance
  Initiatives (PFIs).
• Specialised investment vehicles include Open Ended Investment Companies (OEICs), Property Limited Partnerships (PLPs), Sociétés
  d’Investissement a Capital Variable (SICAVs), Tax Transparent Funds (TTFs) and other investment vehicles.

The Group’s holdings in investment vehicles are subject to the terms and conditions of the respective investment vehicle’s offering
documentation and are susceptible to market price risk arising from uncertainties about future values of those investment vehicles. The
investment manager makes investment decisions after extensive due diligence of the underlying investment vehicle including
consideration of its strategy and the overall quality of the underlying investment vehicle’s manager.
    All of the investment vehicles in the investment portfolio are managed by portfolio managers who are compensated by the respective
investment vehicles for their services. Such compensation generally consists of an asset-based fee and a performance- based incentive fee,
and is reflected in the valuation of the investment vehicles.

(a) Interests in consolidated structured entities
The Group has determined that where it has control over investment vehicles, these investments are consolidated structured entities. As at
31 December 2017 the Group has granted loans to consolidated PLPs for a total of £82 million (2016: £114 million). The purpose of these
loans is to assist the consolidated PLPs to purchase or construct properties. The Group has also provided support, without having a
contractual obligation to do so, to certain consolidated PLPs via letters of support amounting to £72 million (2016: £167 million). The Group
has no commitments to provide funding to consolidated structured entities (2016: £10 million).
    The Group has also given support to five special purpose securitisation companies (the ERF companies) that are consolidated
structured entities. As set out in note 24, at the inception of the securitisation vehicles, the UK subsidiary, Aviva Equity Release UK Limited
(AER), has granted subordinated loan facilities to some of the ERF companies. AER receives various fees in return for the services provided
to the entities. AER receives cash management fees based on the outstanding loan balance at the start of each quarter for the
administration of the loan note liabilities. AER receives portfolio administration fees as compensation for managing the mortgage assets.
Refer to note 24 for details of securitised mortgages and related assets as at 31 December 2017.
    As at the reporting date, the Group has no intentions to provide financial or other support in relation to any other investment vehicles.




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        151
                                        Strategic report                              Governance                    IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                    Continued


25 – Interests in structured entities continued
(b) Interests in unconsolidated structured entities
As part of its investment activities, the Group invests in unconsolidated structured entities. As at 31 December 2017, the Group’s total
interest in unconsolidated structured entities was £57.1 billion (2016 : £52.7 billion) on the Group’s statement of financial position. The
Group’s total interest in unconsolidated structured entities is classified as ‘Interests in and loans to joint ventures and associates’ and
‘financial investments held at fair value through profit or loss’. The Group does not sponsor any of the unconsolidated structured entities.
     As at 31 December 2017, a summary of the Group’s interest in unconsolidated structured entities is as follows:
                                                                                                                                               2017                                                                            2016
                                                                                                                                                £m                                                                              £m1
                                                                               Interest in,                                                              Interest in,
                                                                             and loans to,   Interest in,                                              and loans to,       Interest in,
                                                                                     joint and loans to,       Financial                       Total           joint     and loans to,       Financial                        Total
                                                                                 ventures     associates    investments        Loans          assets       ventures        associates     investments           Loans        assets
Structured debt securities2                                                          —              —          3,058              —        3,058               —                  —          3,923                 —       3,923
Other investments and equity securities                                             820            326        47,609              —       48,755            1,146                305        44,856                 —      46,307
  Analysed as:
  Unit trust and other investment vehicles                                           —              —         45,666              —       45,666               —                  —         43,062                 —      43,062
  PLPs and property funds                                                           820            326         1,435              —        2,581            1,146                305         1,186                 —       2,637
  Other (Including other funds and equity
  securities)                                                                          —              —           508          —              508                —                 —            608               —           608
Loans3                                                                                 —              —            —        5,283           5,283                —                 —             —             2,460        2,460
Total                                                                               820            326        50,667        5,283         57,096            1,146                305        48,779             2,460      52,690
1   Following a review of the Group’s investment classifications, comparative amounts in respect of unit trusts and other investment vehicles and equity and debt securities have been amended from those previously reported.
    Refer to note 26 for further details of this adjustment and the financial statement impact arising.
2   Reported within ‘other debt securities’ in note 26a.
3   Loans include Healthcare, infrastructure & PFI other loans along with certain non-securitised mortgage loans.


The Group’s maximum exposure to loss related to the interests in unconsolidated structured entities is £57.1 billion (2016: £52.7 billion).
    The majority of debt securities above are investment grade securities held by the UK business. In some cases, the Group may be
required to absorb losses from an unconsolidated structured entity before other parties when and if Aviva’s interest is more subordinated
with respect to other owners of the same security.
    For commitments to property management joint ventures and associates, please refer to Notes 18 and 19, respectively. The Group has
not provided any other financial or other support in addition to that described above as at the reporting date, and there are no intentions
to provide support in relation to any other unconsolidated structured entities in the foreseeable future.
    In relation to risk management, disclosures on debt securities and investment vehicles are given in note 56(b)(iii) ‘Risk management’. In
relation to other guarantees and commitments that the Group provides in the course of its business, please refer to Note 52(f) ‘Contingent
liabilities and other risk factors’.
    Aviva’s interest in unconsolidated structured entities that it also manages at 31 December 2017 is £1.9 billion (2016: £2.1 billion) and the
total funds under management relating to these investments at 31 December 2017 is £16.2 billion (2016: £14.5 billion).

(c) Other interests in unconsolidated structured entities
The Group receives management fees and other fees in respect of its asset management businesses. The Group does not sponsor any of
the funds or investment vehicles from which it receives fees. Management fees received for investments that the Group manages but does
not have a holding in also represent an interest in unconsolidated structured entities. As these investments are not held by the Group, the
investment risk is borne by the external investors and therefore the Group’s maximum exposure to loss relates to future management fees.
The table below shows the assets under management of entities that the Group manages but does not have a holding in and the fees
earned from those entities.
                                                                                                                                                                                              2017                             2016
                                                                                                                                                                                      Investment                         Investment
                                                                                                                                                                  Assets Under       Management          Assets Under   Management
                                                                                                                                                                  Management                Fees         Management            Fees
                                                                                                                                                                           £m                £m                   £m            £m

Investment funds1                                                                                                                                                        9,411                 67            9,281             63
Specialised investment vehicles:                                                                                                                                         3,877                 12            3,726             14
Analysed as:
OEICs                                                                                                                                                                    1,177                   3           1,536              5
PLPs                                                                                                                                                                     2,666                   9           2,155              9
SICAVs                                                                                                                                                                      34                   0              35              —
Total                                                                                                                                                                   13,288                 79           13,007             77
1   Investment funds relate primarily to the Group’s Polish pension funds.




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       152
                              Strategic report          Governance               IFRS financial statements                Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements     Continued


26 – Financial investments
This note analyses our financial investments by type and shows their cost and fair value. These will change from one period to the next as a
result of new business written, claims paid and market movements.

(a) Carrying amount
Financial investments comprise:
                                                                                                                   2017                                                     2016
                                                                        At fair value through                                    At fair value through
                                                                                 profit or loss                                           profit or loss
                                                                                  Other than      Available                                Other than      Available
                                                                     Trading         trading        for sale      Total      Trading          trading        for sale      Total
                                                                         £m              £m              £m         £m           £m               £m              £m        £m

Fixed maturity securities
Debt securities
UK government                                                            —         30,242             —         30,242           —          31,143              —        31,143
UK local authorities                                                     —             19             —             19           —              19              —            19
Non-UK government (note 26e)                                             —         51,399          1,342        52,741           —          53,026             842       53,868
Corporate bonds
   Public utilities                                                      —         11,105              24       11,129           —          12,041              21       12,062
   Other corporate                                                       —         69,700             281       69,981           —          75,951             229       76,180
Convertibles and bonds with warrants attached                            —              9              —             9           —             180              —           180
Other                                                                    —         10,801              —        10,801           —          12,224              —        12,224
                                                                         —       173,275           1,647       174,922           —        184,584           1,092       185,676
Certificates of deposit                                                  —           947              79         1,026           —          1,032              —          1,032
                                                                         —       174,222           1,726       175,948           —        185,616           1,092       186,708
Equity securities
Ordinary shares
Public utilities                                                         —          2,402               —        2,402           —           2,188               —        2,188
Banks, trusts and insurance companies                                    —         24,295               1       24,296           —          16,351               1       16,352
Industrial miscellaneous and all other                                   —         63,213               8       63,221           —          53,855               6       53,861
                                                                         —         89,910               9       89,919           —          72,394               7       72,401
Non-redeemable preference shares                                         —            244               —          244           —             305               —          305
                                                                         —         90,154                9      90,163           —          72,699                7      72,706
Other investments
Unit trusts and other investment vehicles                              —           45,665               1       45,666          —           43,061               1       43,062
Derivative financial instruments (note 57)                          5,507              —                —        5,507       6,119              —                —        6,119
Deposits with credit institutions                                      —              161               —          161          —              325               —          325
Minority holdings in property management undertakings                  —            1,435               —        1,435          —            1,186               —        1,186
Other investments – long-term                                          —              507               —          507          —              434               —          434
Other investments – short-term                                         —                1               —            1          —                1               —            1
                                                                    5,507          47,769                1      53,277       6,119          45,007                1      51,127
Total financial investments                                         5,507        312,145           1,736       319,388       6,119        303,322           1,100       310,541
Less: assets classified as held for sale
  Fixed maturity securities                                              —          (1,140)             —       (1,140)          —          (7,738)              —       (7,738)
  Equity securities                                                      —            (195)             —         (195)          —            (664)              —         (664)
  Other investments                                                      (8)        (6,963)             —       (6,971)          —          (2,304)              —       (2,304)
                                                                         (8)        (8,298)             —       (8,306)          —         (10,706)              —      (10,706)
                                                                    5,499        303,847           1,736       311,082       6,119        292,616           1,100       299,835

Of the above total, £154,835 million (2016: £197,734 million) is due to be recovered in more than one year after the statement of financial
position date.
    Other debt securities of £10,801 million (2016: £12,224 million) include residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, as well
as other structured credit securities.
    Following a review of the Group’s investment classifications, comparative amounts have been amended from those previously
reported, reflecting the fact that equity and debt securities held indirectly through majority owned investment funds in the UK managed by
third parties, which in 2016 were presented as unit trusts and other investment vehicles within other investments, are now presented as
debt and equity securities. The effect of this change is to increase equity and debt securities by £3,434 million and £3,694 million and
decrease unit trusts and other investment vehicles within other investments by £7,128 million.
    In addition, assets classified as held for sale of £10,706 million have been revised from available for sale to other than trading.




                                                        Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                           153
                                        Strategic report                           Governance                    IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                 Continued


26 – Financial investments continued
(b) Cost, unrealised gains and fair value
The following is a summary of the cost/amortised cost, gross unrealised gains and losses and fair value of financial investments:
                                                                                                                                                         2017                                                               20161
                                                                                                      Cost/                       Unrealised                             Cost                        Unrealised
                                                                                                  amortised       Unrealised      losses and                         amortised       Unrealised      losses and
                                                                                                       cost           gains     impairments         Fair value            cost           gains     impairments         Fair value
                                                                                                        £m               £m               £m               £m              £m               £m              £m                £m

Fixed maturity securities                                                                        162,092           20,244           (6,388) 175,948                172,007           16,014            (1,313)       186,708
Equity securities                                                                                 75,060           16,819           (1,716) 90,163                  60,194           14,152            (1,640)        72,706
Other investments
Unit trusts and other investment vehicles                                                         34,271           11,120               275         45,666           39,144            2,940              978         43,062
Derivative financial instruments                                                                   1,328            4,569              (390)         5,507            1,313            5,381             (575)         6,119
Deposits with credit institutions                                                                    161               —                 —             161              325               —                 —            325
Minority holdings in property management undertakings                                              1,332              180               (77)         1,435            1,126              138               (78)        1,186
Other investments – long-term                                                                        477               61               (31)           507              432               32               (30)          434
Other investments – short-term                                                                         1               —                 —               1                1               —                 —              1
                                                                                                 274,722           52,993           (8,327) 319,388                274,542           38,657            (2,658)       310,541
These are further analysed as follows:
At fair value through profit or loss                                                             273,087           52,891           (8,326) 317,652                273,548           38,550            (2,657)       309,441
Available for sale                                                                                 1,635              102               (1)   1,736                    994              107                (1)         1,100
                                                                                                 274,722           52,993           (8,327) 319,388                274,542           38,657            (2,658)       310,541
1   Following a review of the Group’s investment classifications, comparative amounts in respect of unit trusts and other investment vehicles and equity and debt securities have been amended from those previously reported.
    Refer to note 26 (a) for further details of this adjustment and the financial statement impact arising.


All unrealised gains and losses and impairments on financial investments classified as fair value through profit or loss have been recognised
in the income statement.
     Unrealised gains and losses on financial investments classified as at fair value through profit or loss, recognised in the income
statement in the year, were a net gain of £6,880 million (2016: £19,452 million net gain). Of this net gain, £6,955 million net gain (2016: £19,722
million net gain) related to investments designated as other than trading and £75 million net loss (2016: £270 million net loss) related to
financial investments designated as trading.
     The movement in the unrealised gain/loss position reported in the statement of financial position during the year, shown in the table
above, includes foreign exchange movements on the translation of unrealised gains and losses on financial investments held by foreign
subsidiaries, which are recognised in other comprehensive income, as well as transfers due to the realisation of gains and losses on
disposal and the recognition of impairment losses.

(c) Impairment of financial investments
There are no impairments in 2017. The previously recognised impairment on other investments of £9 million in respect of financial
investments classified as available-for-sale was recovered through sale during 2016.
(d) Financial investment arrangements
(i) Stock lending arrangements
The Group has entered into stock lending arrangements in the UK and overseas in accordance with established market conventions. The
majority of the Group’s stock lending transactions occur in the UK, where investments are lent to EEA-regulated, locally domiciled
counterparties and governed by agreements written under English law.
    The Group receives collateral in order to reduce the credit risk of these arrangements, either in the form of securities or cash. See note
58 for further discussion regarding collateral positions held by the Group.

(ii) Other arrangements
In carrying on its bulk purchase annuity business, the Group’s UK Life operation is required to place certain investments in trust on behalf of
the policyholders. Amounts become payable from the trust funds to the trustees if the Group were to be in breach of its payment
obligations in respect of policyholder benefits. At 31 December 2017, £2,402 million (2016: £1,777 million) of financial investments were
restricted in this way.
    Certain financial investments are also required to be deposited under local laws in various overseas countries as security for the holders
of policies issued in those countries. Other investments are pledged as security collateral for bank letters of credit.




                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     154
                                        Strategic report                           Governance                    IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                 Continued


26 – Financial investments continued
(e) Non-UK Government Debt Securities (gross of non-controlling interests)
The following is a summary of non-UK government debt by issuer as at 31 December 2017, analysed by policyholder, participating and
shareholder funds.
                                                                                                                 Policyholder                    Participating                     Shareholder                             Total
                                                                                                        2017             20161           2017             20161           2017             20161           2017             20161
Non-UK Government Debt Securities                                                                        £m               £m              £m               £m              £m               £m              £m               £m

Austria                                                                                                  5               11            550              715             127               138            682              864
Belgium                                                                                                 22               21            967            1,273             314               357          1,303            1,651
France                                                                                                 133              115         13,454           13,285           2,093             1,859         15,680           15,259
Germany                                                                                                127              142          1,437            1,629             615               606          2,179            2,377
Greece                                                                                                  —                —              —                —               —                 —              —                —
Ireland                                                                                                  3                3            679              662              84               130            766              795
Italy                                                                                                  183              223          8,223            7,500             823               556          9,229            8,279
Netherlands                                                                                             43               47             88              976             322               329            453            1,352
Poland                                                                                                 845              807            790              769             598               384          2,233            1,960
Portugal                                                                                                 2                2            136              118              —                 —             138              120
Spain                                                                                                   87               88            314            1,386             233               659            634            2,133
European Supranational debt                                                                            213              174          1,841            2,404           1,777             1,821          3,831            4,399
Other European countries                                                                               176              272          2,104            1,029             917               642          3,197            1,943
Europe                                                                                              1,839             1,905         30,583           31,746           7,903             7,481         40,325           41,132
Canada                                                                                                 23                16              53              174          2,512             2,397          2,588             2,587
United States                                                                                       1,443             1,424             661              871            531             1,022          2,635             3,317
North America                                                                                       1,466             1,440             714            1,045           3,043            3,419          5,223             5,904
Singapore                                                                                              14                 2             558              904             297              330            869             1,236
Other                                                                                               2,396             2,634           3,520            2,819             408              143          6,324             5,596
Asia Pacific and other                                                                              2,410             2,636           4,078            3,723             705              473          7,193             6,832
Total                                                                                               5,715             5,981         35,375           36,514          11,651           11,373          52,741           53,868
Assets of operations classified as held for sale                                                           1              —                —           2,325             531                —             532            2,325
Total (excluding assets held for sale)                                                              5,714             5,981         35,375           34,189          11,120           11,373          52,209           51,543
1   Following a review of the Group’s investment classifications, comparative amounts in respect of unit trusts and other investment vehicles and equity and debt securities have been amended from those previously reported.
    Refer to note 26 (a) for further details of this adjustment and the financial statement impact arising.


At 31 December 2017, the Group’s total government (non-UK) debt securities stood at £52.7 billion (2016: £53.9 billion). The significant
majority of these holdings are within our participating funds where the risk to our shareholders is governed by the nature and extent of our
participation within those funds.
    Our direct shareholder asset exposure to government (non-UK) debt securities amounts to £11.7 billion (2016: £11.4 billion). The primary
exposures, relative to total shareholder (non-UK) government debt exposure, are to Canadian (22%), French (18%), Italian (7%), German
(5%), Polish (5%), and US (5%) government debt securities.
    The participating funds exposure to (non-UK) government debt amounts to £35.4 billion (2016: £36.5 billion). The primary exposures,
relative to total (non-UK) government debt exposures included within our participating funds, are to the (non-UK) government debt
securities of France (38%), Italy (23%), Germany (4%), Belgium (3%), Poland (2%), and Ireland (2%).




                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     155
                             Strategic report        Governance           IFRS financial statements                 Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements     Continued


26 – Financial investments continued
(f) Exposure to worldwide banks – debt securities
Direct shareholder and participating fund assets exposures to worldwide bank debt securities (net of non-controlling interests,
excluding policyholder assets)
                                                                                                              Shareholder assets                      Participating fund assets
                                                                                                            Total                                         Total
                                                                                     Total senior   subordinated                   Total senior   subordinated
                                                                                             debt           debt     Total debt            debt           debt      Total debt
2017                                                                                          £bn            £bn            £bn             £bn            £bn             £bn

Australia                                                                                   0.2              —             0.2            0.6             0.2             0.8
Denmark                                                                                      —               —              —             0.6              —              0.6
France                                                                                      0.5             0.1            0.6            2.6             0.6             3.2
Germany                                                                                      —               —              —             0.5             0.3             0.8
Ireland                                                                                      —               —              —              —               —               —
Italy                                                                                        —               —              —             0.1              —              0.1
Netherlands                                                                                 0.4             0.2            0.6            1.4             0.2             1.6
Spain                                                                                       0.4              —             0.4            0.3             0.1             0.4
Sweden                                                                                      0.2              —             0.2            0.4             0.1             0.5
Switzerland                                                                                  —               —              —             1.3              —              1.3
United Kingdom                                                                              1.3             0.4            1.7            1.4             0.8             2.2
United States                                                                               1.0             0.2            1.2            1.7             0.1             1.8
Other                                                                                       0.4             0.1            0.5            1.2             0.1             1.3
Total                                                                                       4.4             1.0            5.4          12.1              2.5           14.6
Assets of operations classified as held for sale                                              —               —              —              —               —               —
Total (excluding assets held for sale)                                                      4.4             1.0            5.4          12.1              2.5           14.6
2016 Total                                                                                  5.4              1.2            6.6          14.8             3.1            17.9

Net of non-controlling interests, our direct shareholder assets exposure to worldwide bank debt securities is £5.4 billion (2016: £6.6 billion).
The majority of our holding (81%) is in senior debt. The primary exposures are to UK (31%), US (22%), Dutch (11%), and French (11%) banks.
    Net of non-controlling interests, the participating fund exposures to worldwide bank debt securities, where the risk to our shareholders
is governed by the nature and extent of our participation within those funds, is £14.6 billion (2016: £17.9 billion). The majority of the
exposure (83%) is in senior debt. Participating funds are the most exposed to French (22%), UK (15%) and US (12%) banks.

Direct shareholder and participating fund assets exposures to worldwide bank debt securities (gross of non-controlling interests,
excluding policyholder assets)
                                                                                                              Shareholder assets                      Participating fund assets
                                                                                                            Total                                         Total
                                                                                     Total senior   subordinated                   Total senior   subordinated
                                                                                             debt           debt     Total debt            debt           debt      Total debt
2017                                                                                          £bn            £bn            £bn             £bn            £bn             £bn

Australia                                                                                   0.2              —             0.2            0.6             0.2             0.8
Denmark                                                                                      —               —              —             0.6              —              0.6
France                                                                                      0.5             0.1            0.6            2.7             0.6             3.3
Germany                                                                                      —               —              —             0.6             0.3             0.9
Ireland                                                                                      —               —              —              —               —               —
Italy                                                                                        —               —              —             0.2              —              0.2
Netherlands                                                                                 0.4             0.2            0.6            1.4             0.2             1.6
Spain                                                                                       0.4              —             0.4            0.3             0.1             0.4
Sweden                                                                                      0.2              —             0.2            0.4             0.1             0.5
Switzerland                                                                                  —               —              —             1.3              —              1.3
United Kingdom                                                                              1.3             0.4            1.7            1.5             0.8             2.3
United States                                                                               1.0             0.2            1.2            1.7             0.1             1.8
Other                                                                                       0.4             0.1            0.5            1.2             0.1             1.3
Total                                                                                       4.4             1.0            5.4          12.5              2.5           15.0
Assets of operations classified as held for sale                                              —               —              —              —               —               —
Total (excluding assets held for sale)                                                      4.4             1.0            5.4          12.5              2.5           15.0
2016 Total                                                                                  5.5             1.2             6.7          16.2             3.3            19.5


Gross of non-controlling interests, our direct shareholder assets exposure to worldwide bank debt securities is £5.4 billion (2016: £6.7
billion). The majority of our holding (81%) is in senior debt. The primary exposures are to UK (31%), US (22%), Dutch (11%), and French
(11%) banks.
     Gross of non-controlling interests, the participating fund exposures to worldwide bank debt securities, where the risk to our
shareholders is governed by the nature and extent of our participation within those funds, is £15.0 billion (2016: £19.5 billion). The majority
of the exposure (83%) is in senior debt. Participating funds are most exposed to French (22%), UK (15%) and US (12%) banks.




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        156
                                         Strategic report                             Governance                      IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                    Continued


27 – Receivables
This note analyses our total receivables.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2017        2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    £m          £m

Amounts owed by contract holders                                                                                                                                                                                2,154       2,012
Amounts owed by intermediaries                                                                                                                                                                                  1,235       1,202
Deposits with ceding undertakings                                                                                                                                                                                 103       1,430
Amounts due from reinsurers                                                                                                                                                                                       348         400
Amounts due from brokers for investment sales                                                                                                                                                                     206          93
Amounts receivable for cash collateral pledged                                                                                                                                                                  2,515       2,410
Amounts due from government, social security and taxes                                                                                                                                                            744         532
Other receivables                                                                                                                                                                                               1,018       1,119
Total                                                                                                                                                                                                           8,323       9,198
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                                                                                                                           (38)    (1,404)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                8,285       7,794
Expected to be recovered in less than one year                                                                                                                                                                  8,278       9,132
Expected to be recovered in more than one year                                                                                                                                                                     45          66
                                                                                                                                                                                                                8,323       9,198

Concentrations of credit risk with respect to receivables are limited due to the size and spread of the Group’s trading base. No further credit
risk provision is therefore required in excess of provisions already recognised for doubtful receivables.

28 – Deferred acquisition costs, pension surpluses, other assets, prepayments and accrued income
(a) Deferred acquisition costs and other assets – carrying amount
The carrying amount comprises:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2017        2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    £m          £m

Deferred acquisition costs in respect of:
  Insurance contracts – Long-term business                                                                                                                                                                        858         694
  Insurance contracts – General insurance and health business                                                                                                                                                   1,110       1,037
  Participating investment contracts – Long-term business                                                                                                                                                          33          19
  Non-participating investment contracts – Long-term business                                                                                                                                                   1,071         861
  Retail fund management business                                                                                                                                                                                   2           3
Total deferred acquisition costs                                                                                                                                                                                3,074       2,614
Surpluses in the staff pension schemes (note 48(a))                                                                                                                                                             3,399       3,190
Other assets                                                                                                                                                                                                       71          89
Total                                                                                                                                                                                                           6,544       5,893
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale1                                                                                                                                                                        (170)         —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                6,374       5,893
1   £(168)m is DAC related and £(2)m other assets.


Deferred acquisition costs (DAC) on long-term business are generally recoverable in more than one year whereas such costs on general
insurance and health business are generally recoverable within one year. Of the above total, £1,521 million (2016: £1,262 million) is expected
to be recovered more than one year after the statement of financial position date. For long-term business where amortisation of the DAC
balance depends on projected profits, the amount expected to be recovered is estimated and actual experience will differ.
    Surpluses in the staff pension schemes and £9 million (2016: £1 million) of other assets are recoverable more than one year after the
statement of financial position date.

(b) Deferred acquisition costs – movements in the year
The movements in deferred acquisition costs (DAC) during the year were:
                                                                                                                                                               2017                                                            2016
                                                                                                                       General                                                                General
                                                                                                                 insurance and        Retail fund                                       insurance and         Retail fund
                                                                                                      Long-term         health       management                            Long-term           health       management
                                                                                                        business      business          business               Total        business         business           business      Total
                                                                                                             £m             £m                 £m                £m               £m               £m                  £m      £m

Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                            1,574            1,037                   3         2,614             1,604              812                    5     2,421
Acquisition costs deferred during the year                                                                306            2,418                  —          2,724               283            2,264                   —      2,547
Amortisation1                                                                                            (154)          (2,369)                 (1)       (2,524)             (377)          (2,118)                  (2)   (2,497)
Impact of assumption changes                                                                              192               —                   —            192                 40              —                    —          40
Effect of portfolio transfers, acquisitions and disposals                                                  26               25                  —             51                (29)              (8)                 —         (37)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                            18                1                  —             19                 53              87                   —        140
Other movements                                                                                            —                (2)                 —             (2)                —               —                    —          —
Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                          1,962            1,110                   2         3,074             1,574            1,037                    3    2,614
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                 (158)              (10)               —            (168)                —                —                  —         —
                                                                                                        1,804            1,100                   2         2,906             1,574            1,037                    3    2,614
1   2016 amortisation includes an additional charge of £183 million to reflect a reduction in projected future profits following a change in the allocation of fixed costs between UK Life product lines.




                                                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                        157
                                        Strategic report                           Governance                    IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                 Continued


28 – Deferred acquisition costs, pension surpluses, other assets, prepayments and accrued income
continued
The balance of deferred acquisition costs for long-term business increased over 2017 mainly due to reductions in per policy costs on unit-
linked pensions increasing the level of DAC that can be supported in UK Life business. The balance of deferred acquisition costs for general
insurance and health business increased over 2017 mainly due to increased new business sales.
    Where amortisation of the DAC balance depends on projected profits, changes to economic conditions may lead to a movement in the
DAC balance and a corresponding impact on profit. It is estimated that the movement in the DAC balance would reduce profit by £38
million (2016: £19 million) if market yields on fixed income investments were to increase by 1% and increase profit by £29 million (2016:
reduce profit by £1 million) if yields were to reduce by 1%. At both 31 December 2017 and 31 December 2016 the DAC balance has been
restricted by the value of projected future profits and hence is more sensitive to changes in the value of those projected profits.
Furthermore, the profile of this restriction across product lines has changed leading to a directional switch in the sensitivity year-on-year.

(c) Prepayments and accrued income
Prepayments and accrued income of £2,876 million (2016: £2,996 million) include assets classified as held for sale of £16 million (2016: £114
million) and includes £7 million (2016: £8 million) that is expected to be recovered more than one year after the statement of financial
position date.

29 – Assets held to cover linked liabilities
Certain unit-linked products have been classified as investment contracts, while some are included within the definition of an insurance
contract. The assets backing these unit-linked liabilities are included within the relevant balances in the consolidated statement of financial
position, while the liabilities are included within insurance and investment contract provisions. This note analyses the carrying values of
assets backing these liabilities.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          2017             20161
                                                                                                                                                                                                           £m               £m

Loans                                                                                                                                                                                                     8            1,027
Debt securities                                                                                                                                                                                      30,987           29,517
Equity securities                                                                                                                                                                                    74,110           55,651
Reinsurance assets                                                                                                                                                                                    6,103           18,525
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                                            12,000            8,874
Units trusts and other investment vehicles                                                                                                                                                           42,368           40,081
Other                                                                                                                                                                                                 7,059            7,453
Total                                                                                                                                                                                              172,635           161,128
Less: Assets classified as held for sale                                                                                                                                                              (8,013)          (2,489)
                                                                                                                                                                                                   164,622           158,639
1   Following a review of the Group’s investment classifications, comparative amounts in respect of unit trusts and other investment vehicles and equity and debt securities have been amended from those previously reported.
    Refer to note 26 (a) for further details of this adjustment and the financial statement impact arising.


The reinsurance assets balance in the table above includes £6,094 million (2016: £18,366 million) of non-participating investment contracts,
which are legally reinsurance but do not meet the definition of a reinsurance contract under IFRS. These assets are financial instruments
measured at fair value through profit and loss and are classified as Level 1 assets.
     At 31 December 2017, the exposure on these reinsurance assets has reduced significantly as a result of action taken to restructure
agreements with the Group’s largest reinsurance counterparty, BlackRock Life Limited, and reduce counterparty risk. As a consequence of
this £14,353 million of funds previously reported with BlackRock Life Limited have been transferred to debt and equity securities.




                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     158
                           Strategic report              Governance                  IFRS financial statements          Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements        Continued


30 – Ordinary share capital
This note gives details of Aviva plc’s ordinary share capital and shows the movements during the year.

(a) Details of the Company’s ordinary share capital are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                              2017       2016
                                                                                                                                                               £m         £m

The allotted, called up and fully paid share capital of the Company at 31 December 2017 was:
4,012,682,691 (2016: 4,061,539,206) ordinary shares of 25 pence each                                                                                      1,003        1,015

At the 2017 Annual General Meeting, the Company was authorised to allot up to a further maximum nominal amount of:
• £677,082,434 of which £338,541,217 can be in connection with an offer by way of a rights issue
• £100 million of new ordinary shares in relation to any issue of Solvency II instruments

(b) During 2017, a total of 57,724,500 ordinary shares of 25 pence each were cancelled and 8,867,985 were allotted and issued by the
Company as follows:
                                                                                                            2017                                                         2016
                                                                                               Capital                                                      Capital
                                                                                           redemption       Share                                       redemption       Share
                                                                           Share capital       reserve   premium                        Share capital       reserve   premium
                                                        Number of shares            £m             £m         £m     Number of shares            £m             £m         £m

At 1 January                                          4,061,539,206            1,015               —     1,197      4,048,465,173           1,012               —      1,185
Shares issued under the Group’s Employee and
  Executive Share Option Schemes                          8,867,985                  2            —          10       13,074,033                 3              —         12
Shares cancelled through buy-back                       (57,724,500)               (14)           14         —                —                  —              —         —
At 31 December                                        4,012,682,691            1,003              14     1,207      4,061,539,206           1,015               —      1,197

Ordinary shares in issue in the Company rank pari passu with any new ordinary shares issued in the Company. All the ordinary shares in
issue carry the same right to receive all dividends and other distributions declared, made or paid by the Company.

On 20 September 2017, the Company announced that it had successfully completed the share buy-back programme (the programme)
which was notified to the market on 25 May 2017. As a result of the programme, Aviva acquired 57,724,500 shares at an average price of
£5.20 per share. These shares with a nominal value of £14 million were bought back and subsequently cancelled during the year, giving rise
to a capital redemption reserve of an equivalent amount as required by the Companies Act 2006. The aggregate consideration paid was
£300 million which is reflected in retained earnings (see note 37).




                                                        Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                           159
                                      Strategic report           Governance          IFRS financial statements             Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                 Continued


31 – Group’s share plans
This note describes various equity compensation plans operated by the Group, and shows how the Group values the options and awards of
shares in the Company.

(a) Description of the plans
The Group maintains a number of active share option and award plans and schemes (the Group’s share plans). These are as follows:

(i) Savings-related options
These are options granted under the tax-advantaged Save As You Earn (SAYE) share option scheme in the UK and Irish revenue-approved
SAYE share option scheme in Ireland. The SAYE allows eligible employees to acquire options over the Company’s shares at a discount of up
to 20% of their market value at the date of grant.
     Options are normally exercisable during the six-month period following either the 3rd or 5th anniversary of the start of the relevant
savings contract. 7 year contracts were offered prior to 2012. Savings contracts are subject to the statutory savings limits of £500 per month
in the UK and €500 per month in Ireland. A limit of £250 per month was applied to contracts in the UK prior to 2016.

(ii) Aviva long-term incentive plan awards
These awards have been made under the Aviva Long-Term Incentive Plan 2011 (LTIP), and are described in section (b) below and in the
directors’ remuneration report.

(iii) Aviva annual bonus plan awards
These awards have been made under the Aviva Annual Bonus Plan 2011 (ABP), and are described in section (b) below and in the directors’
remuneration report.

(iv) Aviva recruitment and retention share plan awards
These are conditional awards granted under the Aviva Recruitment and Retention Share Award plan (RRSAP) in relation to the recruitment
or retention of senior managers excluding executive directors. The awards vest in tranches on various dates and vesting is conditional upon
the participant being employed by the Group on the vesting date and not having served notice of resignation. Some awards can be subject
to performance conditions. If a participant’s employment is terminated due to resignation or dismissal, any tranche of the award which has
vested within the 12 months prior to the termination date will be subject to clawback and any unvested tranches of the award will lapse in
full.

(v) Aviva Investors deferred share award plan awards
These awards have been made under the Aviva Investors Deferred Share Award Plan (AI DSAP), where employees can choose to have the
deferred element of their bonus deferred into awards over Aviva shares. The awards vest in three equal tranches on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th
year following the year of grant.

(vi) Various all employee share plans
The Company maintains a number of active stock option and share award voluntary schemes:
a) The global matching share plan
b) Aviva Group employee share ownership scheme
c) Aviva France employee profit sharing scheme.

No new Aviva plc ordinary shares will be issued to satisfy awards made under plans iv, v, vi b) or vi c).

(b) Outstanding options and awards
(i) Share options
At 31 December 2017, options to subscribe for ordinary shares of 25 pence each in the Company were outstanding as follows:
Aviva savings related share                     Option price         Number               Normally          Option price                  Number           Normally
option scheme                                              p        of shares           exercisable                    p                 of shares       exercisable

                                                      310           38,340                 2017                   419                  994,075       2017 or 2019
                                                      266          279,721                 2017                   380                4,818,109       2018 or 2020
                                                      268          221,659                 2018                   351               11,732,597       2019 or 2021
                                                      312          402,478                 2018                   409                5,644,448       2020 or 2022

Aviva Ireland savings related share             Option price         Number               Normally          Option price                  Number           Normally
option scheme (in euros)                                   c        of shares           exercisable                    c                 of shares       exercisable

                                                      336            5,499                 2017                   518                  124,402       2018 or 2020
                                                      369           12,681                 2018                   418                  494,845       2019 or 2021
                                                      527           34,749         2017 or 2019                   447                  292,975       2020 or 2022




                                                                Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                   160
                                            Strategic report     Governance          IFRS financial statements       Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                 Continued


31 – Group’s share plans continued
The following table summarises information about options outstanding at 31 December 2017:
                                                                                                                           Weighted average
                                                                                                       Outstanding                remaining     Weighted average
                                                                                                           options           contractual life       exercise price
Range of exercise prices                                                                                  Number                      Years                      p

£2.66 – £3.16                                                                                           960,378                            1            288.10
£3.17 – £3.67                                                                                        12,227,442                            3            351.00
£3.68 – £4.19                                                                                        11,908,758                            3            397.83

The comparative figures as at 31 December 2016 were:
                                                                                                                           Weighted average
                                                                                                       Outstanding                remaining     Weighted average
                                                                                                           options           contractual life       exercise price
Range of exercise prices                                                                                  Number                      Years                      p

£2.66 – £3.16                                                                                         2,977,769                            1            282.62
£3.17 – £3.67                                                                                        13,566,466                            4            351.00
£3.68 – £4.19                                                                                         7,708,974                            3            390.25

(ii) Share awards
At 31 December 2017, awards issued under the Company’s executive incentive plans over ordinary shares of 25 pence each in the Company
were outstanding as follows:
Aviva long-term incentive plan 2011                                                                                        Number of shares        Year of vesting

                                                                                                                              7,672,991                   2018
                                                                                                                              9,601,220                   2019
                                                                                                                              7,079,121                   2020

Aviva annual bonus plan 2011                                                                                               Number of shares        Year of vesting

                                                                                                                              3,523,971                   2018
                                                                                                                              4,740,088                   2019
                                                                                                                              1,857,252                   2020

Aviva recruitment and retention share award plan                                                                           Number of shares        Year of vesting

                                                                                                                                 410,413                  2018
                                                                                                                                 279,316                  2019
                                                                                                                                  31,575                  2020
                                                                                                                                   8,731                  2021
                                                                                                                                   5,138                  2022

Aviva Investors deferred share award plan                                                                                  Number of shares        Year of vesting

                                                                                                                                   68,468                 2018
                                                                                                                                   55,082                 2019
                                                                                                                                   37,645                 2020

The vesting of awards under the LTIP is subject to the attainment of performance conditions as described in the directors’ remuneration
report.
     No performance conditions are attached to the awards under the ABP, AI DSAP or some of the awards under the RRSAP except as
outlined below. There are no performance conditions attached to LTIP awards granted since 2017, with the exception of grants made to the
Group Executive.
     Under the RRSAP, some shares are subject to the attainment of the same performance conditions that apply to the LTIP grants as
follows.
• Shares which vest in 2018:
   ė 154,296 are subject to the same performance conditions that apply to the 2015 LTIP grant
   ė 35,264 subject to the performance conditions relating to the performance of the participant’s previous employer
• Shares which vest in 2019:
   ė 102,602 are subject to the same performance conditions that apply to the 2016 LTIP grant
   ė 5,305 are subject to the performance conditions relating to the performance of the participant’s previous employer
• Shares which vest in 2020:
   ė 5,305 are subject to the performance conditions relating to the performance of the participant’s previous employer
• Shares which vest in 2021:
   ė 5,305 are subject to the performance conditions relating to the performance of the participant’s previous employer

These performance conditions are as outlined in the relevant year’s directors’ remuneration report. Shares which do not vest will lapse.

(iii) Shares to satisfy awards and options
New issue shares are now generally used to satisfy all awards and options granted under plans that have received shareholder approval
and where local regulations permit. Further details are given in note 32.




                                                                Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                   161
                                        Strategic report                           Governance                    IFRS financial statements                       Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                 Continued


31 – Group’s share plans continued
(c) Movements in the year
A summary of the status of the option plans as at 31 December 2016 and 2017, and changes during the years ended on those dates, is
shown below.
                                                                                                                                                      2017                                                                2016
                                                                                                                                                                  Weighted                                            Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                   average                                             average
                                                                                                                                                                   exercise                                            exercise
                                                                                                                                                                      price                                               price
                                                                                                                                        Number of options                 p                  Number of options                p
Outstanding at 1 January                                                                                                                  24,253,209             355.08                        18,152,399            338.00
Granted during the year                                                                                                                    5,998,098             409.00                        13,679,774            351.00
Exercised during the year                                                                                                                 (3,094,372)            327.04                        (4,709,978))          286.71
Forfeited during the year                                                                                                                   (944,431)            364.03                           (591,727)          370.87
Cancelled during the year                                                                                                                 (1,004,017)            361.90                         (2,038,503)          383.14
Expired during the year                                                                                                                     (111,909)            355.32                           (238,756)          368.09
Outstanding at 31 December                                                                                                                25,096,578             370.81                        24,253,209            355.08
Exercisable at 31 December                                                                                                                     911,019           366.51                          1,366,584           284.51

(d) Expense charged to the income statement
The total expense recognised for the year arising from equity compensation plans were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                          2017            2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                           £m              £m

Equity-settled expense                                                                                                                                                                                     77              38
Cash-settled expense                                                                                                                                                                                       —                (1)
Total (note 10b)                                                                                                                                                                                           77              37

(e) Fair value of options and awards granted after 7 November 2002
The weighted average fair values of options and awards granted during the year, estimated by using the Binomial option pricing model and
Monte Carlo Simulation model, were £1.00 and £4.94 (2016: £0.96 and £3.72) respectively.

(i) Share options
The fair value of the options was estimated on the date of grant, based on the following weighted average assumptions:
Weighted average assumption                                                                                                                                                                               2017            2016

Share price                                                                                                                                                                                         506p       448p
Exercise price                                                                                                                                                                                      409p       351p
Expected volatility                                                                                                                                                                               26.04%     28.29%
Expected life                                                                                                                                                                                  3.70 years 3.79 years
Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                                                                            4.61%      4.65%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                                                                            0.55%      0.15%

The expected volatility used was based on the historical volatility of the share price over a period equivalent to the expected life of the
option prior to its date of grant. The risk-free interest rate was based on the yields available on UK government bonds as at the date of
grant. The bonds chosen were those with a similar remaining term to the expected life of the options. 3,094,372 options granted after
7 November 2002 were exercised during the year (2016: 4,709,978).

(ii) Share awards
The fair value of the awards was estimated on the date of grant based on the following weighted average assumptions:
Weighted average assumption                                                                                                                                                                               2017            2016

Share price                                                                                                                                                                                         523p       472p
Expected volatility1                                                                                                                                                                                 28%        25%
Expected volatility of comparator companies’ share price1                                                                                                                                            26%        24%
Correlation between Aviva and comparator competitors’ share price1                                                                                                                                   59%        53%
Expected life1                                                                                                                                                                                 2.76 years 2.66 years
Expected dividend yield2                                                                                                                                                                           0.00%      4.00%
Risk-free interest rate1                                                                                                                                                                           0.59%      0.59%
1   For awards with market-based performance conditions only.
2   Expected dividend yield assumption was only used to fair value LTIP awards issued in France. In 2017, LTIP awards with no market performance conditions were issued in France therefore this assumption was not used in the
    year.


The expected volatility used was based on the historical volatility of the share price over a period equivalent to the expected life of the share
award prior to its date of grant. The risk-free interest rate was based on the yields available on UK government bonds as at the date of
grant. The bonds chosen were those with a similar remaining term to the expected life of the share awards.




                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     162
                           Strategic report            Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements      Continued


32 – Treasury shares
The following table summarises information about treasury shares at 31 December 2017:
                                                                                                                        2017                 2016
                                                                                                            Number       £m         Number      £m

Shares held by employee trusts                                                                            295,906         1 1,127,473            1
Shares held by subsidiary companies                                                                     2,471,599        13 2,577,362           14
                                                                                                        2,767,505        14 3,704,835           15

(a) Shares held by employee trusts
Prior to 2014, we satisfied awards and options granted under the Group’s share plans primarily through shares purchased in the market and
held by employee share trusts. From 2014 we primarily issue new shares except where it is necessary to use shares held by an employee
share trust. In 2015 however, new shares were issued to the trust, in order to facilitate the release of shares. This note gives details of the
shares held in these trusts. Movements in the carrying value of shares held by employee trusts comprise:
                                                                                                                        2017                 2016
                                                                                                             Number      £m         Number      £m

Cost debited to shareholders' funds
At 1 January                                                                                             1,127,473            1 1,918,088        2
Acquired in the year                                                                                       236,585            1        —        —
Distributed in the year                                                                                 (1,068,152)          (1) (790,615)      (1)
Balance at 31 December                                                                                    295,906            1 1,127,473        1

The shares are owned by employee share trusts with an undertaking to satisfy awards of shares in the Company under the Company’s share
plans and schemes. Details of the features of the plans can be found in the directors’ remuneration report and/or in note 31.
    These shares were either purchased in the market or, in 2015, new shares were issued to the trust and are carried at weighted average
cost. At 31 December 2017, they had an aggregate nominal value of £73,977 (2016: £281,868) and a market value of £1,498,764 (2016:
£5,484,028). The trustees have waived their rights to dividends on the shares held in the trusts.

(b) Shares held by subsidiary companies
At 31 December 2017, the balance of shares 2,471,599 (2016: 2,577,362 shares) had an aggregate nominal value of £617,900 (2016: £644,340)
and a market value of £13,295,284 (2016: £12,536,289).

33 – Preference share capital
This note gives details of Aviva plc’s preference share capital.
    The preference share capital of the Company at 31 December was:
                                                                                                                                      2017   2016
                                                                                                                                       £m     £m

Issued and paid up
100,000,000 8.375% cumulative irredeemable preference shares of £1 each                                                              100     100
100,000,000 8.75% cumulative irredeemable preference shares of £1 each                                                               100     100
                                                                                                                                     200     200

The issued preference shares are non-voting except where their dividends are in arrears, on a winding up or where their rights are altered.

On a winding up, they carry a preferential right of return of capital ahead of the ordinary shares. Holders are entitled to receive dividends
out of the profits available for distribution and resolved to be distributed in priority to the payment of dividends to holders of ordinary
shares. The Company does not have a contractual obligation to deliver cash or other financial assets to the preference shareholders and
therefore the directors may make dividend payments at their discretion.

At the end of 2017 the fair value of Aviva plc’s preference share capital was £348 million (2016: £280 million).

At the 2015 Annual General Meeting, the Company was authorised to allot the following:
• Sterling new preference shares, as defined in the Company’s articles of association, up to a maximum nominal value of £500 million; and
• Additional dollar preference shares, as defined in the 2015 Notice of Annual General Meeting, up to a maximum nominal value of
  US$650 million.




                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         163
                           Strategic report             Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements       Continued


34 – Direct capital instrument and tier 1 notes
                                                                                                                                     2017       2016
Notional amount                                                                                                                       £m         £m

5.9021% £500 million direct capital instrument – Issued November 2004                                                               500        500
8.25% $650 million fixed rate tier 1 notes – Issued May 2012                                                                         —         392
6.875% £210 million STICS – Issued November 2003                                                                                    231        231
Total                                                                                                                               731       1,123

The direct capital instrument (the DCI) was issued on 25 November 2004. The DCI has no fixed redemption date but the Company may, at its
sole option, redeem all (but not part) of the principal amount on 27 July 2020, at which date the interest rate changes to a variable rate, or
on any respective coupon payment date thereafter. The variable rate will be the six month sterling deposit rate plus margin.
     The $650 million fixed rate tier 1 notes (the FxdRNs) were issued on 3 May 2012. On 28 September 2017 notification was given that the
Group would redeem the FxdRNs at first call date on 3 November 2017. At the notification date the instrument was reclassified as a financial
liability of £484 million, representing its fair value on translation into sterling at that date. The resulting foreign exchange loss of £92 million
has been charged to retained earnings. The FxdRNs were redeemed in full on 3 November 2017 at a cost of £488 million, including an
additional £4 million of exchange losses subsequent to the reclassification which are included within other expenses within the income
statement.
     The Step-up Tier one Insurance Capital Securities (‘STICS’) were issued on 21 November 2003 by Friends Life Holdings plc, substituted
as issuer by Aviva plc on 1 October 2015. The STICS are irrevocably guaranteed on a subordinated basis by Aviva Life & Pensions Limited.
Prior to the Part VII transfer of the Friends Life business into UK Life on 1 October 2017 the guarantor for the STICS was Friends Life Limited.
The STICS have no fixed redemption date but the Company may, at its sole option, redeem the instrument (in whole or in part) on 21
November 2019, or on the coupon payment date falling on successive fifth anniversaries from this date. For each coupon period beginning
21 November 2019, the STICS will bear interest reset every five years at the rate per annum which is the aggregate of 2.97% and the Gross
Redemption Yield of the Benchmark Gilt.
     The Company has the option to defer coupon payments on the DCI and the STICS on any relevant payment date.
     In relation to the DCI, deferred coupons shall only be satisfied should the Company exercise its sole option to redeem the instruments.
     In relation to the STICS, deferred coupons may be satisfied at any time, at the sole option of the Company. The Company is required to
satisfy deferred coupons upon the earliest of the following:
• Resumption of payment of coupons on the STICS; or
• Redemption; or
• The commencement of winding up of the issuer.

No interest will accrue on any deferred coupon on the DCI. Interest will accrue on deferred coupons on the STICS at the then current rate of
interest on the STICS.
    Deferred coupons on the DCI and the STICS will be satisfied by the issue and sale of ordinary shares in the Company at their prevailing
market value, to a sum as near as practicable to (and at least equal to) the relevant deferred coupons. In the event of any coupon deferral,
the Company will not declare or pay any dividend on its ordinary or preference share capital. These instruments have been treated as
equity. Please refer to accounting policy AE.
    At the end of 2017 the fair value of the DCI and the STICS was £778 million (2016: £736 million).




                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          164
                                        Strategic report                            Governance                     IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                  Continued


35 – Merger reserve
Prior to 1 January 2004, certain significant business combinations were accounted for using the ‘pooling of interests method’ (or merger
accounting), which treats the merged groups as if they had been combined throughout the current and comparative accounting periods.
Merger accounting principles for these combinations gave rise to a merger reserve in the consolidated statement of financial position,
being the difference between the nominal value of new shares issued by the Parent Company for the acquisition of the shares of the
subsidiary and the subsidiary’s own share capital and share premium account.
    The merger reserve is also used where more than 90% of the shares in a subsidiary are acquired and the consideration includes the
issue of new shares by the Company, thereby attracting merger relief under the Companies Act 1985 and, from 1 October 2009, the
Companies Act 2006.
    The balance of the merger reserve at 31 December 2017 is £8,974 million (2016: £8,974 million).

36 – Currency translation and other reserves
This note gives details of the currency translation and other reserves forming part of the Group’s consolidated equity and shows the
movements during the year net of non-controlling interests:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Other reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                      Hedging               Equity
                                                                                                                          Currency Owner occupied              Investment         instruments       compensation
                                                                                                                translation reserve properties reserve   valuation reserve             reserve            reserve
                                                                                                                   (see accounting    (see accounting     (see accounting     (see accounting     (see accounting
                                                                                                                          policy E)          policy P)            policy T)           policy U)         policy AB)            Total
                                                                                                                                £m                 £m                  £m                  £m                  £m              £m

Balance at 1 January 2016                                                                                                    165                  71                   58               (478)                 70             (279)
Arising in the year through other comprehensive income:
Fair value gains                                                                                                              —                    4                   12                  —                  —                 16
Fair value gains transferred to profit on disposals                                                                           —                   —                    (2)                 —                  —                 (2)
Share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures and associates                                                          —                   —                    (6)                 —                  —                 (6)
Foreign exchange rate movements1                                                                                          1,019                   —                    —                  (36)                —                (36)
Aggregate tax effect – shareholders’ tax                                                                                     (31)                 (1)                   (3)                —                  —                  (4)
Total other comprehensive income for the year                                                                                988                   3                   1                  (36)                —                (32)
Fair value gains transferred to retained earnings on disposals                                                                —                  (46)                  —                   —                  —                (46)
Transfer to profit on disposal of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                 (7)                 —                    —                   —                  —                 —
Reserves credit for equity compensation plans                                                                                 —                   —                    —                   —                  38                38
Shares issued under equity compensation plans                                                                                 —                   —                    —                   —                 (30)              (30)
Balance at 31 December 2016                                                                                               1,146                   28                  59               (514)                  78             (349)
Arising in the year through other comprehensive income:
Fair value gains                                                                                                              —                   (1)                  (7)               —                    —                (8)
Fair value gains transferred to profit on disposals                                                                           —                   —                    (2)               —                    —                (2)
Share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures and associates                                                          —                   —                     6                —                    —                 6
Foreign exchange rate movements1                                                                                             125                  —                    —               (100)                  —              (100)
Aggregate tax effect – shareholders’ tax                                                                                      (4)                  2                    9                —                    —                11
Total other comprehensive income for the year                                                                               121                    1                   6               (100)                 —                (93)
Fair value gains transferred to retained earnings on disposals                                                               —                    (2)                  —                 —                   —                 (2)
Transfer to profit on disposal of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                              (126)                  (1)                  —                138                  —                137
Reserves credit for equity compensation plans                                                                                —                    —                    —                 —                   77                77
Shares issued under equity compensation plans                                                                                —                    —                    —                 —                  (44)              (44)
Balance at 31 December 2017                                                                                               1,141                   26                  65               (476)                111              (274)
1   Foreign exchange rate movements recorded in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income of £68 million (2016: £1,128 million) relate to the currency translation reserve of £125 million (2016: £1,019 million), the
    hedging instruments reserve of £(100) million (2016: £(36) million) and non-controlling interests (refer to note 38) of £43 million (2016: £145 million).


37 – Retained earnings
This note analyses the movements in the consolidated retained earnings during the year.
                                                                                                                                                                                                               2017            2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                £m              £m

Balance at 1 January                                                                                                                                                                                       4,835            4,774
Profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders                                                                                                                                                    1,497              703
Remeasurements of pension schemes (note 48)                                                                                                                                                                   (5)             311
Dividends and appropriations (note 15)                                                                                                                                                                    (1,081)            (973)
Net shares issued under equity compensation plans                                                                                                                                                             42                26
Shares purchased in buy-back (note 30)                                                                                                                                                                      (300)               —
Reclassification of tier 1 notes to financial liabilities (note 34)                                                                                                                                          (92)               —
Fair value gains realised from other reserves (note 36)                                                                                                                                                        2                46
Transfer from other reserves on disposal of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates (note 36)                                                                                                              1                —
Aggregate tax effect                                                                                                                                                                                          19               (52)
Balance at 31 December                                                                                                                                                                                     4,918            4,835

The Group’s regulated subsidiaries are required to hold sufficient capital to meet acceptable solvency levels based on applicable local
regulations. Their ability to transfer retained earnings to the UK parent companies is therefore restricted to the extent these earnings form
part of local regulatory capital.




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      165
                                         Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                   Continued


38 – Non-controlling interests
This note gives details of the Group’s non-controlling interests and shows the movements during the year.

Non-controlling interests at 31 December comprised:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2017             2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  £m               £m
Equity shares in subsidiaries                                                                                                                                                                                   423              519
Share of earnings                                                                                                                                                                                               288              392
Share of other reserves                                                                                                                                                                                         274              264
                                                                                                                                                                                                                985            1,175
Preference shares in General Accident plc                                                                                                                                                                       250              250
                                                                                                                                                                                                             1,235             1,425

Movements in the year comprised:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2017             2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  £m               £m

Balance at 1 January                                                                                                                                                                                         1,425             1,145
Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                                  149               156
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                                                                                 43               145
Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                           192               301
Capital contributions from non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                                            36                 9
Non-controlling interests share of dividends declared in the year                                                                                                                                             (103)             (135)
Changes in non-controlling interests in subsidiaries1                                                                                                                                                         (315)              105
Balance at 31 December                                                                                                                                                                                       1,235             1,425
1   Changes in non-controlling interests in 2017 primarily relate to Aviva’s sale of its 50% shareholding in Antarius (France), the sale of its 50% shareholding in life insurance and pension partnerships Unicorp Vida and Caja España
    Vida (Spain) and the consolidation of joint venture insurance operations in Poland, effective 1 January 2017, as a result of changes to the shareholders’ agreement. Refer to note 3 for more information. Changes in non-
    controlling interests in 2016 primarily relate to a newly consolidated subsidiary in Aviva France.


The Group has no subsidiaries whose non-controlling interest is material on the basis of their share of profit or loss
39 – Contract liabilities and associated reinsurance
The following notes explain how the Group calculates its liabilities to policyholders for insurance and investment products it has sold to
them. Notes 40 and 41 cover these liabilities and note 42 details the financial guarantees and options given for some of these products.
Note 43 details the reinsurance recoverables on these liabilities while note 44 shows the effects of changes in the assumptions.
   The following is a summary of the contract provisions and related reinsurance assets as at 31 December.
                                                                                                                                                                               2017                                               2016
                                                                                                                                           Gross      Reinsurance                              Gross     Reinsurance
                                                                                                                                       provisions           assets              Net        provisions          assets1             Net
                                                                                                                                              £m               £m               £m                £m              £m               £m

Long-term business
  Insurance contracts                                                                                                               (130,972)             5,469 (125,503) (137,218)                          6,186        (131,032)
  Participating investment contracts                                                                                                 (87,654)                 2 (87,652) (89,739)                                2         (89,737)
  Non-participating investment contracts                                                                                            (124,995)             6,094 (118,901) (114,531)                         18,366         (96,165)
                                                                                                                                    (343,621)           11,565 (332,056) (341,488)                          24,554        (316,934)
Outstanding claims provisions
 Long-term business                                                                                                                    (1,798)                64          (1,734)          (1,925)               65           (1,860)
 General insurance and health                                                                                                          (8,964)               845          (8,119)          (8,749)            1,090           (7,659)
                                                                                                                                      (10,762)               909          (9,853)         (10,674)            1,155           (9,519)
Provisions for claims incurred but not reported                                                                                        (2,837)               884          (1,953)          (2,960)              795           (2,165)
                                                                                                                                    (357,220)           13,358 (343,862) (355,122)                          26,504        (328,618)
Provision for unearned premiums                                                                                                       (4,980)              257   (4,723)   (4,766)                             250          (4,516)
Provision arising from liability adequacy tests2                                                                                         (13)               —       (13)      (13)                              —              (13)
Total                                                                                                                               (362,213)           13,615 (348,598) (359,901)                          26,754        (333,147)
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                                                9,577              (123)          9,454           11,623              (411)         11,212
                                                                                                                                    (352,636)           13,492 (339,144) (348,278)                          26,343        (321,935)
1   Reinsurance assets at 31 December 2016 for General insurance and health business include the impact of the £78 million reinsurance asset relating to an outwards reinsurance contract completed by the UK General Insurance
    business and the remaining recoveries expected in respect of the Alberta fires in Canada.
2   Provision arising from liability adequacy tests relates to general insurance business only. Liability adequacy test provisions for life operations are included in other line items.




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       166
                                          Strategic report                              Governance                      IFRS financial statements                          Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                     Continued


40 – Insurance liabilities
This note analyses the Group insurance contract liabilities by type of product and describes how the Group calculates these liabilities and
the assumptions used.

(a) Carrying amount
(i) Insurance liabilities (gross of reinsurance) at 31 December comprised:
                                                                                                                                                                                   2017                                    2016
                                                                                                                                                          General                                            General
                                                                                                                                          Long-term insurance and                          Long-term   insurance and
                                                                                                                                            business       health                  Total    business          health      Total
                                                                                                                                                 £m            £m                    £m           £m              £m       £m

Long-term business provisions
  Participating                                                                                                                            49,928                   —        49,928         56,760               —      56,760
  Unit-linked non-participating                                                                                                            16,040                   —        16,040         16,026               —      16,026
  Other non-participating                                                                                                                  65,004                   —        65,004         64,432               —      64,432
                                                                                                                                         130,972                    —      130,972         137,218               —     137,218
Outstanding claims provisions                                                                                                                1,798            8,964          10,762          1,925          8,749       10,674
Provision for claims incurred but not reported                                                                                                  —             2,837           2,837             —           2,960        2,960
                                                                                                                                             1,798          11,801           13,599          1,925        11,709        13,634
Provision for unearned premiums                                                                                                               —              4,980           4,980              —          4,766         4,766
Provision arising from liability adequacy tests1                                                                                              —                 13              13              —             13            13
Total                                                                                                                                    132,770            16,794         149,564         139,143        16,488       155,631
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                                                     (783)             (131)            (914)      (4,448)              —      (4,448)
                                                                                                                                         131,987            16,663         148,650         134,695        16,488       151,183
1   Provision arising from liability adequacy tests relates to general insurance business only. Liability adequacy test provisions for life operations are included in other line items.


(ii) Change in insurance liabilities recognised as an expense
The purpose of the following table is to reconcile the change in insurance liabilities, net of reinsurance, shown on the income statement, to
the change in insurance liabilities recognised as an expense in the relevant movement tables in this note. The components of the
reconciliation are the change in provision for outstanding claims on long-term business (which is not included in a separate movement
table), and the unwind of discounting on general insurance reserves (which is included within finance costs in the income statement). For
general insurance and health business, the change in the provision for unearned premiums is not included in the reconciliation as, within
the income statement, this is included within earned premiums.

                                                                                                                                                                                              Gross    Reinsurance         Net
2017                                                                                                                                                                                            £m             £m          £m

Long-term business
Change in long-term business provisions (note 40b(iv))                                                                                                                                         624            315         939
Change in provision for outstanding claims                                                                                                                                                     (65)           (11)        (76)
                                                                                                                                                                                               559            304         863
General insurance and health
Change in insurance liabilities (note 40c(iv) and 43c(ii))                                                                                                                                      73            138         211
Less: Unwind of discount on GI reserves and other                                                                                                                                               (9)             9          —
                                                                                                                                                                                                64            147         211
Total change in insurance liabilities (note 6)                                                                                                                                                 623            451       1,074


                                                                                                                                                                                               Gross    Reinsurance1        Net
2016                                                                                                                                                                                             £m             £m          £m

Long-term business
Change in long-term business provisions (note 40b(iv))                                                                                                                                       7,164            (993)      6,171
Change in provision for outstanding claims                                                                                                                                                      91             (13)         78
                                                                                                                                                                                             7,255         (1,006)       6,249
General insurance and health
Change in insurance liabilities (note 40c(iv) and 43c(ii))2                                                                                                                                    867            (222)       645
Less: Unwind of discount on GI reserves and other                                                                                                                                               (11)            10          (1)
                                                                                                                                                                                               856            (212)       644
Total change in insurance liabilities (note 6)                                                                                                                                               8,111         (1,218)       6,893
1   Reinsurance assets at 31 December 2016 for General Insurance and health business include the impact of the £78 million reinsurance asset relating to an outwards reinsurance contract completed by the UK General Insurance
    business.
2   Includes £475 million in the UK General Insurance business relating to the impact of the change in the Ogden discount rate.




                                                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                          167
                           Strategic report          Governance          IFRS financial statements    Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements    Continued


40 – Insurance liabilities continued
(b) Long-term business liabilities
(i) Business description
The Group underwrites long-term business in a number of countries as follows:
• In the UK, in Aviva Life & Pensions UK (UKLAP) mainly in:
  ė New With-Profits Sub-Fund (NWPSF) where the with-profits policyholders are entitled to at least 90% of the distributed profits, with the
     shareholders receiving the balance. Any surplus or deficit emerging in NWPSF that is not distributed as bonus will be transferred from
     this sub-fund to the Reattributed Inherited Estate External Support Account (RIEESA) (see below).
  ė Old With-Profits Sub-Fund (OWPSF), UKLAP With-Profits Sub-Fund (UKLAP WPSF) and Provident Mutual Sub-Fund (PMSF) of UKLAP,
     where the with-profits policyholders are entitled to at least 90% of the distributed profits, with the shareholders receiving the balance.
  ė The FP With-Profits Sub-Fund (FP WPSF), which was formally closed to new business during 2017 and where shareholders are entitled
     to 10% of the distributed profits, plus 60% of the surplus arising on pre-demutualisation non-profit and unitised business and non-
     investment sources of surplus on policies held by post-demutualisation policyholders. The Friends Provident demutualisation
     occurred in 2001.
  ė The FLC New With-Profits Sub-Fund (FLC New WPSF), the FLC Old With-Profits Sub-Fund (FLC Old WPSF), the WL With-Profits Sub-Fund
     (WL WPSF) and FLAS With-Profits Sub-Fund (FLAS WPSF) which are closed to new business and where policyholders are entitled to 90%
     of the distributed profits aside from certain policies in the FLC New WPSF and the FLC Old WPSF with guaranteed bonus rates, and
     certain policies in the WL WPSF which are reinsured into the fund where the shareholders do not receive one-ninth of the bonus.
  ė FPLAL With-Profits Sub-Fund (FPLAL WPSF) and Secure Growth Fund (SGF), which are closed to new business and where policyholders
     are entitled to 100% of the distributed profits.
  ė The ‘Non-profit’ fund, where shareholders are entitled to 100% of the distributed profits. Shareholder profits on unitised with-profits
     business written in UKLAP WPSF and on stakeholder unitised with-profits business written in NWPSF and OWPSF are derived from
     management fees and policy charges, and emerge in the non-profit funds.
  ė RIEESA is a non-profit fund where shareholders are entitled to 100% of the distributed profits, but these cannot be distributed until the
     ‘lock-in’ criteria set by the Reattribution Scheme have been met. RIEESA is used to provide capital support to NWPSF, and has been
     used in the past to write non-participating business.
• In France, the majority of policyholders’ benefits are determined by investment performance, subject to certain guarantees, and
  shareholders’ profits are derived largely from management fees. In addition, a substantial number of policies participate in investment
  returns, with the balance being attributable to shareholders.
• In other operations in Europe and Asia, a range of long-term insurance and savings products are written.

(ii) Group practice
The long-term business provision is calculated separately for each of the Group’s life operations. The provisions for overseas subsidiaries
have generally been included on the basis of local regulatory requirements, modified where necessary to reflect the requirements of the
Companies Act 2006.
    Material judgement is required in calculating the provisions and is exercised particularly through the choice of assumptions where
discretion is permitted. In turn, the assumptions used depend on the circumstances prevailing in each of the life operations. Provisions are
most sensitive to assumptions regarding discount rates and mortality/morbidity rates. Where discount rate assumptions are based on
current market yields on fixed interest securities, allowance is made for default risk implicit in the yields on the underlying assets.
    Bonuses paid during the year are reflected in claims paid, whereas those allocated as part of the bonus declaration are included in the
movements in the long-term business provision.
    For UK with-profits life funds falling within the scope of FRS 27, which was grandfathered from UK regulatory requirements under IFRS 4
prior to the adoption of Solvency II, an amount may be recognised for the present value of future profits (PVFP) on non-participating
business written in a with-profits fund where the determination of the realistic value of liabilities in that with-profits fund takes account,
directly or indirectly, of this value. For NWPSF, OWPSF, UKLAP WPSF and PMSF no adjustment for this value is made to the participating
insurance and investment contract liabilities or the unallocated divisible surplus. For FP WPSF, FPLAL WPSF, FLC New WPSF, FLC Old WPSF,
FLAS WPSF, WL WPSF and SGF the non-participating liabilities are measured on a realistic basis with implicit recognition of the present
value of future profits and hence no additional explicit adjustment is required for this value.

(iii) Methodology and assumptions
The main method of actuarial valuation of liabilities arising under long-term insurance contracts is the gross premium method which
involves the discounting of projected premiums and claims.
    The gross premium method uses the amount of contractual premiums payable and includes explicit assumptions for interest and
discount rates, mortality and morbidity, persistency and future expenses. These assumptions can vary by contract type and reflect current
and expected future experience.




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       168
                           Strategic report             Governance          IFRS financial statements      Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements       Continued


40 – Insurance liabilities continued
(a) UK
With-profits business
The Group’s UK with-profit liabilities are evaluated by reference to FRS27, which was grandfathered under IFRS 4, prior to the adoption of
Solvency II. Under these rules, provision for guarantees and options within realistic liabilities are measured using market-consistent
stochastic models. A stochastic approach includes measuring the time value of guarantees and options, which represents the additional
cost arising from uncertainty surrounding future economic conditions.
    The key elements of the realistic liabilities are the with-profits benefit reserve (WPBR) and the present value of the expected cost of any
payments in excess of the WPBR (referred to as the cost of future policy-related liabilities). The realistic liability for any contract is equal to
the sum of the WPBR and the cost of future policy-related liabilities, which includes the value of any ‘planned enhancements’ to benefits
agreed by the Company.
    The WPBR for an individual contract is generally calculated on a retrospective basis, and represents the accumulation of the premiums
paid on the contract, allowing for investment return, taxation, expenses and any other charges levied on the contract. For a small
proportion of business, a prospective valuation approach is used, including allowance for anticipated future regular and final bonuses.
    The cost of future policy-related liabilities include:
• Maturity Guarantees;
• Guarantees on surrender, including no-MVR (Market Value Reduction) Guarantees and Guarantees linked to inflation;
• Guaranteed Annuity Options;
• GMP (Guaranteed Minimum Pension) underpin on Section 32 transfers; and
• Expected payments under Mortgage Endowment Promise.

The cost of future policy-related liabilities is determined using a market-consistent approach and, in the main, this is based on a stochastic
model calibrated to market conditions at the end of the reporting period. Non-market-related assumptions (for example, persistency,
mortality and expenses) are assessed on a best estimate basis with reference to Company and wider industry experience, adjusted to take
into account future trends.
    On 1 January 2016 the Solvency I Pillar 1 regulatory regime was replaced with Solvency II, under which realistic liabilities were replaced
with Best Estimate Liabilities (BEL). Key differences between the realistic liabilities and the Solvency II BEL are that BEL excludes the
shareholder’s share of future bonuses, excludes certain planned and approved enhancements to benefits (part of Solvency II surplus funds)
and uses a higher yield (EIOPA specified) for future investment returns and discounting. Adjusting the yield used in the calculation of the
BEL by removing the volatility and credit risk adjustments, including planned enhancements that are part of Solvency II surplus funds and
making other less significant adjustments, results in a valuation in accordance with FRS 27.
    For periods subsequent to 31 December 2015, the with-profits business is valued based on an adjusted Solvency II BEL assessment.
    The principal assumptions underlying the cost of future policy-related liabilities are as follows:

Future investment return
A ‘risk-free’ rate equal to the spot yield on UK swaps is used for the valuation of with-profits business. The rates vary according to the
outstanding term of the policy, with a typical rate as at 31 December 2017 of 1.29% (2016: 1.25%) for a policy with ten years outstanding.

Volatility of investment return
Volatility assumptions are set with reference to implied volatility data on traded market instruments, where available, or on a best estimate
basis where not.
Volatility                                                                                                                            2017       2016

Equity returns                                                                                                                    20.9%       23.9%
Property returns                                                                                                                  16.4%       16.4%

The equity volatility used depends on term, money-ness and region. The figure shown is for a sample UK equity, at the money, with a ten-
year term.

Future regular bonuses
Annual bonus assumptions for 2018 have been set consistently with the year-end 2017 declaration. Future annual bonus rates reflect the
principles and practices of each fund. In particular, the level is set with regard to the projected margin for final bonus and the change from
one year to the next is limited to a level consistent with past practice.

Mortality
Mortality assumptions for with-profits business are set with regard to recent Company experience and general industry trends. The
mortality tables used in the valuation are summarised below:
Mortality table used                                                                                       2017                                  2016

Assurances, pure endowments and deferred annuities before vesting                         Nil or Axx00 adjusted                Nil or Axx00 adjusted

Pensions business after vesting and pensions annuities in payment                PCMA00/PCFA00 adjusted plus          PCMA00/PCFA00 adjusted plus
                                                                                 allowance for future mortality        allowance for future mortality
                                                                                                 improvement                           improvement

Allowance for future mortality improvement is in line with the rates shown for non-profit business below.




                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          169
                                        Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                   Continued


40 – Insurance liabilities continued
Expenses
Maintenance charge assumptions for with-profits business are generally expressed as a fixed ‘per policy’ charge in line with agreements
between Aviva Life Services UK (UKLS) and Aviva Life & Pensions UK (UKLAP). The assumptions increase by future charge inflation over the
lifetime of each contract, which is 50% RPI, 100% RPI or 100% RPI + 1% depending on product type. Any excess of expenses charged by
UKLS to UKLAP over the charges specified by the agreements is borne by the non-profits business.

Non-profit business
The valuation of non-profit business is based on grandfathered regulatory requirements under IFRS 4 prior to the adoption of Solvency II,
adjusted to remove certain regulatory reserves and margins in assumptions, notably for annuity business. Conventional non-profit
contracts, including those written in the with-profits funds, are valued using gross premium methods which discount projected future cash
flows. The cash flows are calculated using the amount of contractual premiums payable, together with explicit assumptions for investment
returns, inflation, discount rates, mortality, morbidity, persistency and future expenses. These assumptions vary by contract type and reflect
current and expected future experience with an allowance for prudence. For FP WPSF, FPLAL WPSF, FLC New WPSF, FLC Old WPSF, FLAS
WPSF, WL WPSF and SGF the non-participating liabilities are measured on a realistic basis with implicit recognition of the present value of
future profits.
    For unit-linked and some unitised with-profits business, the provisions are valued by adding a prospective non-unit reserve to the bid
value of units. The prospective non-unit reserve is calculated by projecting the future non-unit cash flows using prudent assumptions and
on the assumption that future premiums cease, unless it is more onerous to assume that they continue. Where appropriate, allowance for
persistency is based on actual experience.
    Valuation discount rate assumptions are set with regard to yields on the supporting assets and the general level of long-term interest
rates as measured by gilt yields. An explicit allowance for risk is included by making an explicit deduction from the yields on corporate
bonds, mortgages and deposits, based on historical default experience of each asset class. A further margin for risk is then deducted for all
asset classes.
    The provisions held in respect of guaranteed annuity options are a prudent assessment of the additional liability incurred under the
option on a basis and method consistent with that used to value basic policy liabilities, and includes a prudent assessment of the
proportion of policyholders who will choose to exercise the option.
    Maintenance expense assumptions for non-profit business are generally expressed as a ‘per policy’ charge set with regards to an
allocation of current year expense levels by broad category of business and using the policy counts for in-force business. The assumptions
also include an allowance for prudence and increase by future expense inflation over the lifetime of each contract. Expense inflation is
assumed to be in line with RPI. An additional liability is held if projected per-policy expenses in future years are expected to exceed current
assumptions. Further, explicit project expense liabilities are held for non-discretionary project costs that typically relate to mandatory
regulatory requirements. Expense-related liabilities are only held where expenses are not covered by anticipated future profits in the
liability methodology, notably for unit-linked contracts.
    Valuation discount rates for business in the non-profit funds are as follows:
Valuation discount rates
(Gross of investment expenses)                                                                                                                                                                        2017                      2016

Assurances
  Life conventional non-profit                                                                                                                                                        0.8% to 2.5%                0.5% to 2.6%
  Pensions conventional non-profit                                                                                                                                                    1.0% to 2.4%                0.8% to 2.1%
Annuities
  Conventional immediate and deferred annuities                                                                                                                                       1.0% to 2.8%                0.6% to 2.8%
Non-unit reserves on Unit Linked business
  Life                                                                                                                                                                                0.8% to 1.2%                0.7% to 1.3%
  Pensions                                                                                                                                                                            0.8% to 1.5%                0.7% to 1.6%
Income Protection1
  Active lives                                                                                                                                                                        1.0% to 2.5%                  1.0 to 2.6%
  Claims in payment (level and index linked)                                                                                                                                          1.0% to 1.5%              (0.2)% to 1.6%
1    Income protection business (pre-existing UKLAP) now uses a nominal swaps curve for all sub-classes and has been shown as an equivalent flat rate in the table above. Previously, a real interest rate was used for the index
    linked claims in payment.


The above valuation discount rates are after reduction for risk, but before allowance for investment expenses. For conventional immediate
annuity business the allowance for risk comprises long-term assumptions for defaults or (in the case of equity release assets) expected
losses arising from the No-Negative-Equity guarantee. These allowances vary by asset category and for some asset classes by rating. The
risk allowances made for corporate bonds, mortgages (including healthcare mortgages, commercial mortgages and infrastructure assets),
and Equity Release for business transferred in from Aviva Annuity UK Ltd in 2017 equated to 48 bps, 40 bps, and 102 bps respectively at 31
December 2017 (2016: 47 bps, 48 bps, and 102 bps respectively). The risk allowances made for corporate bonds and mortgages for business
transferred in from Friends Life Limited in 2017 equated to 47 bps and 33 bps respectively at 31 December 2017 (2016: 37 bps and 42 bps
respectively).
     For corporate bonds, the allowance represented approximately 37% and 39% respectively of the average credit spread for the
portfolios transferred in from Aviva Annuity UK Limited and from Friends Life Limited (2016: 31% and 31% respectively).
     The total valuation allowance for business transferred from Aviva Annuity UK Limited in respect of corporate bonds and mortgages,
including healthcare mortgages but excluding equity release, was £1.3 billion (2016: £1.3 billion) over the remaining term of the portfolio
while for Friends Life Limited it was £0.5 billion (2016: £0.5 billion). The total valuation allowance for business transferred from Aviva Annuity
UK Limited in respect of equity release assets was £1.2 billion (2016: £1.1 billion). Total liabilities for the annuity business were £52 billion at
31 December 2017 (2016: £50 billion).




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       170
                                        Strategic report                            Governance                     IFRS financial statements                          Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                  Continued


40 – Insurance liabilities continued
   Mortality assumptions for non-profit business are set with regard to recent Company experience and general industry trends. The
mortality tables used in the valuation are summarised below:
Mortality tables used                                                                                                                                                       2017                                             2016

Assurances
Non-profit                                                                                                                              AM00/AF00 or TM08/TF08                             AM00/AF00 or TM00/TF00
                                                                                                                                       adjusted for smoker status                     adjusted for smoker status and
                                                                                                                                      and age/sex specific factors                           age/sex specific factors

Pure endowments and deferred annuities before vesting                                                                                            AM00/AF00 adjusted                                     AM00/AF00 adjusted
Annuities in payment
Pensions business and general annuity business                                                                                   PCMA00/PCFA00 adjusted plus                          PCMA00/PCFA00 adjusted plus
                                                                                                                                 allowance for future mortality                        allowance for future mortality
                                                                                                                                                 improvement                                           improvement

For the largest portfolio of pensions annuity business transferred from Aviva Annuity UK Limited, the underlying mortality assumptions for
Males are 104.0% of PCMA00 (2016: 98.0% of PCMA00) with base year 2000; for Females the underlying mortality assumptions are 94.5% of
PCFA00 (2016: 91.0% of PCFA00) with base year 2000. A negative provision of £0.1billion is also held to allow for higher mortality at old ages
being experienced in our portfolio relative to the above assumptions. For the largest portfolio of pensions annuity business transferred
from Friends Life Limited, the underlying mortality assumptions for Males are 103.4% of PCMA00 (2016: 98.5% of PCMA00) with base year
2000; for Females the underlying mortality assumptions are 104.4% of PCFA00 (2016: 98.5% of PCFA00) with base year 2000.
    For all the main portfolios of annuities, improvements are based on ‘CMI_2016 (S=7.5) Advanced with adjustments’ (2016: CMI_2015)
with a long-term improvement rate of 1.75% (2016: 1.75%) for males and 1.5% (2016: 1.5%) for females, both with an addition for prudence
of 0.5% (2016: 0.5%) to all future annual improvement adjustments. The CMI_2016 tables have been adjusted by adding 0.25% and 0.35% to
the initial rate of mortality improvements for males and females respectively (to allow for greater mortality improvements in the annuitant
population relative to the general population on which CMI_2016 is based), and uses the advanced parameters to taper the long-term
improvement rates to zero between ages 90 and 115 (the ‘core’ parameters taper the long-term improvement rates to zero between ages 85
and 110). For pension annuity business transferred in from Aviva Annuity UK limited, year-specific adjustments are made to allow for
potential selection effects due to the development of the Enhanced Annuity market and covering possible selection effects from pension
freedom reforms.

(b) France
The majority of reserves arise from single premium savings products and are based on the accumulated fund values, adjusted to maintain
consistency with the value of the assets backing the policyholder liabilities. For traditional business, the net premium method is used for
prospective valuations, in accordance with local regulation, where the valuation assumptions depend on the date of issue of the contract.
The valuation discount rate also depends on the original duration of the contract and mortality rates are based on industry tables.
                                                                                                                                                                  Valuation discount rates                   Mortality tables used
                                                                                                                                                               2017                   2016                          2017 and 2016

                                                                                                                                                                                     TD73-77,TD88-90,TH00-02
                                                                                                                                                                                           TF00-02,H_AVDBS,
                                                                                                                                                                                                    F_AVDBS
Life assurances                                                                                                                                   0% to 4.5%              0% to 4.5%      H_SSDBS, F_SSDBS
Annuities                                                                                                                                         0% to 2.0%              0% to 4.5%           TGF05/TGH05

(c) Other countries
In all other countries, local generally accepted interest rates and published standard mortality tables are used for different categories of
business as appropriate. The tables are based on relevant experience and show mortality rates, by age, for specific groupings of people.

(iv) Movements
The following movements have occurred in the gross long-term business provisions during the year
                                                                                                                                                                                                             2017            2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                              £m              £m

Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                                                                                                                             137,218       125,348
Provisions in respect of new business                                                                                                                                                                      5,731         5,224
Expected change in existing business provisions                                                                                                                                                           (7,747)       (8,235)
Variance between actual and expected experience                                                                                                                                                            1,520         4,752
Impact of non-economic assumption changes                                                                                                                                                                 (1,175)         (536)
Impact of economic assumption changes                                                                                                                                                                      2,115         5,930
Other movements recognised as an expense1                                                                                                                                                                    180            29
Change in liability recognised as an expense (note 40a(ii))                                                                                                                                                  624         7,164
Effect of portfolio transfers, acquisitions and disposals2                                                                                                                                                (8,124)           —
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                                                                            1,252         4,761
Other movements                                                                                                                                                                                                2           (55)
Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                                                                                                                           130,972       137,218
1   Other movements during 2017 primarily relates to a special bonus distribution to with-profits policyholders (UK Life).
2   The movement during 2017 primarily relates to the disposal of Antarius in France and a major share of the business in Spain offset by the consolidation of the Poland and Vietnam joint ventures.




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      171
                           Strategic report           Governance          IFRS financial statements            Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements     Continued


40 – Insurance liabilities continued
For many types of long-term business, including unit-linked and participating funds, movements in asset values are offset by corresponding
changes in liabilities, limiting the net impact on profit.
    The £1.5 billion impact of variance between actual and expected experience in 2017 is mainly due to higher than expected equity
returns in the UK increasing with-profits and unit-linked liabilities.
    The impact of non-economic assumption changes of £(1.2) billion in 2017 reduces the carrying value of insurance liabilities and relates
mainly to release of reserves for longevity which is partially offset by increase in expense and persistency reserves for the UK business (with
the impact on profit partially offset by a corresponding reduction in reinsurance assets).
    The £2.1 billion impact of economic assumption changes in 2017 reflects a decrease in valuation interest rates in response to increasing
interest rates and narrowing spreads, primarily in respect of immediate annuity and participating insurance contracts in the UK.
    For participating business, a movement in liabilities is generally offset by a corresponding adjustment to the unallocated divisible
surplus and does not impact on profit. Where assumption changes do impact on profit, these are included in the effect of changes in
assumptions and estimates during the year shown in note 44, together with the impact of movements in related non-financial assets.

(c) General insurance and health liabilities
(i) Provisions for outstanding claims
Delays occur in the notification and settlement of claims and a substantial measure of experience and judgement is involved in assessing
outstanding liabilities, the ultimate cost of which cannot be known with certainty at the statement of financial position date. The reserves
for general insurance and health business are based on information currently available. However, it is inherent in the nature of the business
written that the ultimate liabilities may vary as a result of subsequent developments.
     Provisions for outstanding claims are established to cover the outstanding expected ultimate liability for losses and loss adjustment
expenses (LAE) in respect of all claims that have already occurred. The provisions established cover reported claims and associated LAE, as
well as claims incurred but not yet reported and associated LAE.
     The Group only establishes loss reserves for losses that have already occurred. The Group therefore does not establish catastrophe
equalisation reserves that defer a share of income in respect of certain lines of business from years in which a catastrophe does not occur
to future periods in which catastrophes may occur. When calculating reserves, the Group takes into account estimated future recoveries
from salvage and subrogation, and a separate asset is recorded for expected future recoveries from reinsurers after considering their
collectability.
     The table below shows the split of total general insurance and health outstanding claim provisions and IBNR provisions, gross of
reinsurance, by major line of business.
                                                                                                    As at 31 December 2017                    As at 31 December 2016
                                                                                    Outstanding                              Outstanding
                                                                                          claim        IBNR    Total claim         claim        IBNR       Total claim
                                                                                     provisions   provisions    provisions    provisions   provisions       provisions
                                                                                            £m           £m             £m           £m           £m               £m

Motor                                                                                  5,039        1,339         6,378         4,690        1,623            6,313
Property                                                                               1,734          114         1,848         1,711           57            1,768
Liability                                                                              1,814        1,270         3,084         1,907        1,257            3,164
Creditor                                                                                  24           11            35            23           20               43
Other                                                                                    353          103           456           418            3              421
                                                                                       8,964        2,837       11,801          8,749        2,960          11,709

(ii) Discounting
Outstanding claims provisions are based on undiscounted estimates of future claim payments, except for the following classes of business
for which discounted provisions are held:
                                                                                                     Rate                                      Mean term of liabilities
Class                                                                       2017                     2016                         2017                           2016

Reinsured London Market business                                   0.7% to 2.6%                   2.0%                      9 years                     9 years
Latent claims                                                      0.7% to 1.9%         0.00% to 2.31%                8 to 17 years               6 to 15 years
Structured settlements                                             0.5% to 3.0%         0.15% to 2.98%                7 to 39 years              13 to 39 years

The gross outstanding claims provision before discounting was £11,346 million (2016: £12,196 million). The period of time which will elapse
before the liabilities are settled has been estimated by modelling the settlement patterns of the underlying claims.
    The discount rate that has been applied to latent claims reserves and reinsured London Market business is based on the relevant swap
curve in the relevant currency having regard to the expected settlement dates of the claims. The range of discount rates used depends on
the duration of the claims and is given in the table above. The duration of the claims span over 35 years, with the average duration being
between 6 and 15 years depending on the geographical region.
    Any change in discount rates between the start and the end of the accounting period is reflected outside of Group adjusted Operating
profit as an economic assumption change.

(iii) Assumptions
Outstanding claims provisions are estimated based on known facts at the date of estimation. Case estimates are set by skilled claims
technicians and established case setting procedures. Claims technicians apply their experience and knowledge to the circumstances of
individual claims. They take into account all available information and correspondence regarding the circumstances of the claim, such as
medical reports, investigations and inspections. Claims technicians set case estimates according to documented claims department
policies and specialise in setting estimates for certain lines of business or types of claim. Claims above certain limits are referred to senior
claims handlers for estimate authorisation.



                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        172
                           Strategic report           Governance           IFRS financial statements    Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements      Continued


40 – Insurance liabilities continued
     No adjustments are made to the claims technicians’ case estimates included in booked claim provisions, except for rare occasions
when the estimated ultimate cost of individual large or unusual claims may be adjusted, subject to internal reserve committee approval, to
allow for uncertainty regarding, for example, the outcome of a court case. The ultimate cost of outstanding claims is then estimated by
using a range of standard actuarial claims projection techniques, such as the Chain Ladder and Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods. The main
assumption underlying these techniques is that a company’s past claims development experience can be used to project future claims
development and hence ultimate claims costs. As such, these methods extrapolate the development of paid and incurred losses, average
costs per claim and claim numbers based on the observed development of earlier years and expected loss ratios. Historical claims
development is mainly analysed by accident period, although underwriting or notification period is also used where this is considered
appropriate.
     Claim development is separately analysed for each geographic area, as well as by each line of business. Certain lines of business are
also further analysed by claim type or type of coverage. In addition, large claims are usually separately addressed, either by being reserved
at the face value of loss adjuster estimates or separately projected in order to reflect their future development.
    The assumptions used in most non-life actuarial projection techniques, including future rates of claims inflation or loss ratio
assumptions, are implicit in the historical claims development data on which the projections are based. Additional qualitative judgement is
used to assess the extent to which past trends may not apply in the future, for example, to reflect one-off occurrences, changes in external
or market factors such as public attitudes to claiming, economic conditions, levels of claims inflation, judicial decisions and legislation, as
well as internal factors such as portfolio mix, policy conditions and claims handling procedures in order to arrive at a point estimate for the
ultimate cost of claims that represents the likely outcome, from a range of possible outcomes, taking account of all the uncertainties
involved. The range of possible outcomes does not, however, result in the quantification of a reserve range. The following explicit
assumptions are made which could materially impact the level of booked net reserves:

(a) UK mesothelioma claims
The level of uncertainty associated with latent claims is considerable due to the relatively small number of claims and the long-tail nature
of the liabilities. UK mesothelioma claims account for a large proportion of the Group’s latent claims. The key assumptions underlying the
estimation of these claims include claim numbers, the base average cost per claim, future inflation in the average cost of claims and legal
fees.
     The best estimate of the liabilities reflects the latest available market information and studies. Many different scenarios can be derived
by flexing these key assumptions and applying different combinations of the different assumptions. An upper and lower scenario can be
derived by making reasonably likely changes to these assumptions, resulting in an estimate of £35 million (2016: £25 million) greater than
the best estimate, or £40 million (2016: £45 million) lower than the best estimate. These scenarios do not, however, constitute an upper or
lower bound on these liabilities.

(b) Interest rates used to discount latent claim liabilities and structured settlements
The discount rates used in determining our latent claim liabilities and structured settlements are based on the relevant swap curve in the
relevant currency at the reporting date, having regard to the duration of the expected settlement of claims. The range of discount rates
used is shown in section (ii) above and depends on the duration of the claim and the reporting date. At 31 December 2017, it is estimated
that a 1% fall in the discount rates used would increase net claim reserves by approximately £110 million (2016: £220 million), excluding the
offsetting effect on asset values as assets are not hypothecated across classes of business. The impact has fallen during 2017 due to a
reduction in bodily injury claims in the UK settled by periodic payment orders (PPOs) or structured settlements as a result of a reduction in
the Ogden rate from 2.5% to -0.75% making them less attractive compared to a lump sum settlement. The impact of a 1% fall in interest
rates across all assets and liabilities of our general insurance and health businesses is shown in note 56.

(c) Allowance for risk and uncertainty
The uncertainties involved in estimating loss reserves are allowed for in the reserving process and by the estimation of explicit reserve
uncertainty distributions. The reserve estimation basis for non-life claims requires all non-life businesses to calculate booked claim
provisions as the best estimate of the cost of future claim payments, plus an explicit allowance for risk and uncertainty. The allowance for
risk and uncertainty is calculated by each business unit in accordance with the requirements of the Group non-life reserving policy, taking
into account the risks and uncertainties specific to each line of business and type of claim in that territory. The requirements of the Group
non-life reserving policy also seek to ensure that the allowance for risk and uncertainty is set consistently across both business units and
reporting periods.
     Changes to claims development patterns can materially impact the results of actuarial projection techniques. However, allowance for
the inherent uncertainty in the assumptions underlying reserving projections is automatically allowed for in the explicit allowance for risk
and uncertainty included when setting booked reserves.
     Lump sum payments in settlement of bodily injury claims decided by the UK courts are calculated in accordance with the Ogden Tables
and discount rate. The Ogden discount rate is set by the Lord Chancellor in accordance with the Damages Act 1996 and is applied when
calculating the present value of future care costs and loss of earnings for claims settlement purposes.
     Due to the uncertainty around the Ogden discount rate, the claim reserves in the UK have been calculated using the current Ogden
discount rate of -0.75%, as this is the enacted legislative rate that was announced by the Lord Chancellor last year. However, the discount
rate used in the Ogden Tables is currently being reviewed by the Lord Chancellor and draft legislation has been proposed (but not yet
enacted) which, at the time it was published, indicated a discount rate in the range of 0% to 1%. By way of illustration, should the Ogden
discount rate increase in the future by 1% then this would be expected to reduce reserves by approximately £250 million with an equivalent
positive impact on profit before tax.




                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         173
                           Strategic report               Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements          Continued


40 – Insurance liabilities continued
(iv) Movements
The following changes have occurred in the general insurance and health claims provisions during the year:
                                                                                                                                 2017      2016
                                                                                                                                  £m        £m

Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                                                  11,709     9,446
Impact of changes in assumptions                                                                                                  (7)      324
Claim losses and expenses incurred in the current year                                                                         6,890     6,703
Decrease in estimated claim losses and expenses incurred in prior periods                                                       (172)        (7)
Incurred claims losses and expenses                                                                                            6,711     7,020
Less:
  Payments made on claims incurred in the current year                                                                        (3,642)   (3,505)
  Payments made on claims incurred in prior periods                                                                           (3,283)   (2,893)
  Recoveries on claim payments                                                                                                   278       234
Claims payments made in the period, net of recoveries                                                                         (6,647)   (6,164)
Unwind of discounting                                                                                                              9        11
Changes in claims reserve recognised as an expense (note 40a(ii))                                                                 73      867
Effect of portfolio transfers, acquisitions and disposals                                                                          3      430
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                   16      966
Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                                                11,801    11,709

The effect of changes in the main assumptions is given in note 44 and the economic assumption changes are explained in note 9.




                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            174
                           Strategic report                    Governance               IFRS financial statements        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements              Continued


40 – Insurance liabilities continued
(d) Loss development tables
(i) Description of tables
The tables that follow present the development of claim payments and the estimated ultimate cost of claims for the accident years 2008 to
2017. The upper half of the tables shows the cumulative amounts paid during successive years related to each accident year. For example,
with respect to the accident year 2008, by the end of 2017 £9,033 million had actually been paid in settlement of claims. In addition, as
reflected in the lower section of the table, the original estimated ultimate cost of claims of £9,508 million was re-estimated to be £9,195
million at 31 December 2017.
     The original estimates will be increased or decreased, as more information becomes known about the individual claims and overall
claim frequency and severity.
     The Group aims to maintain reserves in respect of its general insurance and health business that protect against adverse future claims
experience and development. The Group establishes reserves in respect of the current accident year (2017), where the development of
claims is less mature, that allow for the greater uncertainty attaching to the ultimate cost of current accident year claims. As claims develop
and the ultimate cost of claims become more certain, the absence of adverse claims experience will result in a release of reserves from
earlier accident years, as shown in the loss development tables and movements table (c)(iv) above. Releases from prior accident year
reserves are also due to an improvement in the estimated cost of claims.
     Key elements of the release from prior accident year general insurance and health net provisions during 2017 were:
• £107 million release from UK due to favourable claims experience in Personal Motor offset by the less favourable experience in 2017 of
  Commercial Liability claims and large claims in Personal and Commercial Property.
• £2 million strengthening from Canada due to the better than expected claims experience following the 2010 Ontario auto reforms tailing
  off, unfavourable development in the Ontario Accident Benefits coverage in the RBC book in 2017, deterioration of experience in Alberta
  Auto Bodily Injury and Newfoundland Auto Bodily Injury.
• £79 million release from Europe (including Ireland) mainly due to continued favourable development in France and Italy.

Key elements of the release from prior accident year general insurance and health net provisions during 2016 were:
• £208 million strengthening from UK & Ireland due to the impact of the change in the Ogden discount rate in the UK partly offset by other
   favourable developments on personal motor and commercial liability claims.
• £154 million release from Canada mainly due to continued favourable experience on motor, following the legislative changes in Ontario.
• £90 million release from Europe mainly due to favourable development in France and Italy.

There was also a £78 million reduction in net claim reserves relating to an outwards reinsurance contract completed by the UK General
Insurance business.

(ii) Gross figures
Before the effect of reinsurance, the loss development table is:
                                              All prior
                                                 years      2008      2009      2010         2011     2012      2013      2014      2015       2016     2017       Total
Accident year                                      £m        £m        £m        £m           £m       £m        £m        £m        £m         £m       £m          £m

Gross cumulative claim payments
  At end of accident year                                 (4,915)   (3,780)   (3,502)     (3,420)   (3,055)   (3,068)   (3,102)   (2,991)   (3,534)   (3,517)
  One year later                                          (7,350)   (5,464)   (5,466)     (4,765)   (4,373)   (4,476)   (4,295)   (4,285)   (4,972)
  Two years later                                         (7,828)   (6,102)   (5,875)     (5,150)   (4,812)   (4,916)   (4,681)   (4,710)
  Three years later                                       (8,304)   (6,393)   (6,163)     (5,457)   (5,118)   (5,221)   (4,974)
  Four years later                                        (8,607)   (6,672)   (6,405)     (5,712)   (5,376)   (5,467)
  Five years later                                        (8,781)   (6,836)   (6,564)     (5,864)   (5,556)
  Six years later                                         (8,906)   (6,958)   (6,649)     (5,978)
  Seven years later                                       (8,986)   (7,043)   (6,690)
  Eight years later                                       (9,012)   (7,078)
  Nine years later                                        (9,033)
Estimate of gross ultimate claims
  At end of accident year                                  9,508    7,364     6,911        6,428    6,201     6,122     5,896     5,851      6,947    6,894
  One year later                                           9,322    7,297     7,006        6,330    6,028     6,039     5,833     5,930      6,931
  Two years later                                          9,277    7,281     6,950        6,315    6,002     6,029     5,865     5,912
  Three years later                                        9,272    7,215     6,914        6,292    5,952     6,067     5,842
  Four years later                                         9,235    7,204     6,912        6,262    6,002     6,034
  Five years later                                         9,252    7,239     6,906        6,265    5,979
  Six years later                                          9,213    7,217     6,926        6,265
  Seven years later                                        9,207    7,256     6,913
  Eight years later                                        9,202    7,228
  Nine years later                                         9,195
Estimate of gross ultimate claims                          9,195     7,228     6,913       6,265     5,979     6,034     5,842     5,912     6,931     6,894
Cumulative payments                                       (9,033)   (7,078)   (6,690)     (5,978)   (5,556)   (5,467)   (4,974)   (4,710)   (4,972)   (3,517)
                                              2,516         162       150       223         287       423       567       868     1,202      1,959    3,377     11,734
Effect of discounting                          (397)        (14)      (14)      (25)         (2)       —         (1)       —         —          —        —        (453)
Present value                                 2,119         148       136       198         285       423       566       868     1,202      1,959    3,377     11,281
Cumulative effect of foreign exchange
  movements                                       —           (4)       —         (1)         3         8        18        48       145         2         —       219
Effect of acquisitions                            13           1        3          5         19        22        31        55        78        74         —       301
Present value recognised in the
  statement of financial position             2,132         145       139       202         307       453       615       971     1,425     2,035     3,377     11,801




                                                              Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                 175
                                         Strategic report                            Governance                       IFRS financial statements                       Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                   Continued


40 – Insurance liabilities continued
(iii) Net of reinsurance
After the effect of reinsurance, the loss development table is:
                                                                 All prior
                                                                    years         2008          2009          2010           2011          2012          2013          2014           2015          2016          2017      Total
Accident year                                                         £m           £m            £m            £m             £m            £m            £m            £m             £m            £m            £m         £m

Net cumulative claim payments
  At end of accident year                                                     (4,808)       (3,650)       (3,386)        (3,300)       (2,925)       (2,905)       (2,972)        (2,867)       (3,309)       (3,483)
  One year later                                                              (7,165)       (5,286)       (5,242)        (4,578)       (4,166)       (4,240)       (4,079)        (4,061)       (4,591)
  Two years later                                                             (7,638)       (5,885)       (5,637)        (4,963)       (4,575)       (4,649)       (4,432)        (4,452)
  Three years later                                                           (8,094)       (6,177)       (5,905)        (5,263)       (4,870)       (4,918)       (4,720)
  Four years later                                                            (8,356)       (6,410)       (6,137)        (5,485)       (5,110)       (5,159)
  Five years later                                                            (8,515)       (6,568)       (6,278)        (5,626)       (5,289)
  Six years later                                                             (8,626)       (6,657)       (6,361)        (5,740)
  Seven years later                                                           (8,682)       (6,708)       (6,411)
  Eight years later                                                           (8,714)       (6,744)
  Nine years later                                                            (8,735)
Estimate of net ultimate claims
  At end of accident year                                                      9,262         7,115         6,650         6,202          5,941         5,838         5,613          5,548         6,489         6,714
  One year later                                                               9,104         7,067         6,751         6,103          5,765         5,745         5,575          5,635         6,458
  Two years later                                                              9,028         7,036         6,685         6,095          5,728         5,752         5,591          5,608
  Three years later                                                            9,007         6,978         6,644         6,077          5,683         5,733         5,559
  Four years later                                                             8,962         6,940         6,634         6,034          5,717         5,689
  Five years later                                                             8,949         6,977         6,614         6,005          5,680
  Six years later                                                              8,926         6,908         6,624         6,003
  Seven years later                                                            8,894         6,897         6,615
  Eight years later                                                            8,898         6,896
  Nine years later                                                             8,886
Estimate of net ultimate claims                                                8,886         6,896         6,615          6,003         5,680         5,689         5,559          5,608         6,458         6,714
Cumulative payments                                                           (8,735)       (6,744)       (6,411)        (5,740)       (5,289)       (5,159)       (4,720)        (4,452)       (4,591)       (3,483)
                                                                   954           151           152            204           263           391            530           839         1,156         1,867         3,231       9,738
Effect of discounting                                             (150)           (10)          (12)           (21)           3            —               5            —             —             —             —         (185)
Present value                                                      804           141           140            183           266           391            535           839         1,156         1,867         3,231       9,553
Cumulative effect of foreign exchange
  movements                                                          —              (4)           —             (1)            2             7            18             47          141              3             —       213
Effect of acquisitions                                               17              1            3              5            19            22            31             56           79             73             —       306
Present value recognised in the
  statement of financial position                                  821           138           143           187            287           420           584            942        1,376         1,943         3,231       10,072

In the loss development tables shown above, the cumulative claim payments and estimates of cumulative claims for each accident year are
translated into sterling at the exchange rates that applied at the end of that accident year. The impact of using varying exchange rates is
shown at the bottom of each table. Disposals are dealt with by treating all outstanding and IBNR claims of the disposed entity as ‘paid’ at
the date of disposal.
     The loss development tables above include information on asbestos and environmental pollution claims provisions from business
written before 2008. The undiscounted claim provisions, net of reinsurance, in respect of this business at 31 December 2017 were £95
million (2016: £134 million). The movement in the year reflects a reduction of £14 million due to favourable claims development, claim
payments net of reinsurance recoveries and foreign exchange rate movements.

(e) Provision for unearned premiums
Movements
The following changes have occurred in the provision for unearned premiums (UPR) during the year:
                                                                                                                                                                                                               2017          2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                £m            £m

Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                                                                                                                                 4,766         4,048
Premiums written during the year                                                                                                                                                                            10,523         9,694
Less: Premiums earned during the year                                                                                                                                                                      (10,365)       (9,503)
Changes in UPR recognised as an (income)/expense                                                                                                                                                               158          191
Gross portfolio transfers and acquisitions1                                                                                                                                                                     46          124
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                                                                                 10          403
Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                                                                                                                              4,980          4,766
1   The £46 million in respect of 2017 relates to the full consolidation of the Poland Joint Venture. The £124 million in respect of 2016 relates to the acquisition of Royal Bank of Canada General Insurance Company.




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       176
                                          Strategic report                              Governance                       IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                      Continued


41 – Liability for investment contracts
This note analyses our investment contract liabilities by type of product and describes how the Group calculates these liabilities and the
assumptions used.

(a) Carrying amount
The liability for investment contracts (gross of reinsurance) at 31 December comprised:
                                                                                                                                                                             2017       2016
                                                                                                                                                                              £m         £m

Long-term business
Participating contracts                                                                                                                                                   87,654     89,739
Non-participating contracts at fair value                                                                                                                                124,995    114,531
Total                                                                                                                                                                    212,649    204,270
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                                                                                 (8,663)    (7,175)
                                                                                                                                                                         203,986    197,095

(b) Long-term business investment liabilities
Investment contracts are those that do not transfer significant insurance risk from the contract holder to the issuer, and are therefore
treated as financial instruments under IFRS.
     Many investment contracts contain a discretionary participation feature in which the contract holder has a contractual right to receive
additional benefits as a supplement to guaranteed benefits. These are referred to as participating contracts and are measured according to
the methodology and Group practice for long-term business liabilities as described in note 40. They are not measured at fair value as there
is currently no agreed definition of fair valuation for discretionary participation features under IFRS. In the absence of such a definition, it is
not possible to provide a range of estimates within which a fair value is likely to fall. The IASB deferred consideration of participating
contracts to Phase II of its insurance contracts project. This is addressed in the insurance contract standard (i.e. IFRS 17).
     For participating business, the discretionary participation feature is recognised separately from the guaranteed element and is
classified as a liability, referred to as unallocated divisible surplus. Guarantees on long-term investment products are discussed in note 42.
     Investment contracts that do not contain a discretionary participation feature are referred to as non-participating contracts and the
liability is measured at either fair value or amortised cost. We currently have no non-participating investment contracts measured at
amortised cost.
     Of the non-participating investment contracts measured at fair value, £123,916 million in 2017 are unit-linked in structure and the fair
value liability is equal to the current unit fund value, including any unfunded units, plus if required, additional non-unit reserves based on a
discounted cash flow analysis. These contracts are generally classified as ‘Level 1’ in the fair value hierarchy, as the unit reserve is calculated
as the publicly quoted unit price multiplied by the number of units in issue, and any non-unit reserve is insignificant.
     For unit-linked business, a deferred acquisition cost asset and deferred income reserve liability are recognised in respect of transaction
costs and front-end fees respectively, that relate to the provision of investment management services, and which are amortised on a
systematic basis over the contract term. The amount of the related deferred acquisition cost asset is shown in note 28 and the deferred
income liability is shown in note 51.
     For non-participating investment contracts acquired in a business combination, an acquired value of in-force business asset is
recognised in respect of the fair value of the investment management services component of the contracts, which is amortised on a
systematic basis over the useful lifetime of the related contracts. The amount of the acquired value of in-force business asset is shown in
note 17, which relates primarily to the acquisition of Friends Life in 2015.
     For non-participating investment contracts, deposits collected and amounts withdrawn are not shown on the income statement, but
are accounted for directly through the statement of financial position as an adjustment to the gross liabilities for investment contracts. The
associated change in investment contract provisions shown on the income statement consists of the attributed investment return.
Participating investment contracts are treated consistently with insurance contracts with the change in investment contract provisions
primarily consisting of the movement in participating investment contract liabilities (net of reinsurance) over the reporting period.

(c) Movements in the year
The following movements have occurred in the gross provisions for investment contracts in the year:

(i) Participating investment contracts
                                                                                                                                                                             2017       2016
                                                                                                                                                                              £m         £m

Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                                                                                              89,739     78,048
Provisions in respect of new business                                                                                                                                      5,193      4,584
Expected change in existing business provisions                                                                                                                           (4,986)    (4,893)
Variance between actual and expected experience                                                                                                                            2,072      3,084
Impact of non-economic assumption changes                                                                                                                                     10         36
Impact of economic assumption changes                                                                                                                                        411        450
Other movements recognised as an expense1                                                                                                                                    (16)      (347)
Change in liability recognised as an expense2                                                                                                                              2,684      2,914
Effect of portfolio transfers, acquisitions and disposals3                                                                                                                (7,243)        —
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                                            2,452      8,721
Other movements                                                                                                                                                               22         56
Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                                                                                            87,654     89,739
1   Other movements during 2017 primarily relates to a special bonus distribution to UK with-profits policyholders.
2   Total interest expense for participating investment contracts recognised in profit or loss is £2,489 million (2016: £3,111 million).
3   The movement during 2017 relates to the disposal of Antarius in France.




                                                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                          177
                                        Strategic report                           Governance                    IFRS financial statements                       Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                 Continued


41 – Liability for investment contracts continued
For many types of long-term business, including unit-linked and participating funds, movements in asset values are offset by corresponding
changes in liabilities, limiting the net impact on profit.
    The variance between actual and expected experience in 2017 of £2.1 billion is primarily driven by favourable equity returns in the UK.
    The impact of assumption changes in the analysis shows the resulting movement in the carrying value of participating investment
contract liabilities. For participating business, a movement in liabilities is generally offset by a corresponding adjustment to the unallocated
divisible surplus and does not impact profit. Where assumption changes do impact profit, these are included in the effect of changes in
assumptions and estimates during the year shown in note 44, together with the impact of movements in related non-financial assets.

(ii) Non-participating investment contracts
                                                                                                                                                                                         2017        2016
                                                                                                                                                                                          £m          £m

Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                                                                                                         114,531    103,034
Provisions in respect of new business                                                                                                                                                  4,484       3,222
Expected change in existing business provisions                                                                                                                                       (4,427)     (3,481)
Variance between actual and expected experience                                                                                                                                       10,115     11,105
Impact of non-economic assumption changes                                                                                                                                                  2           17
Impact of economic assumption changes                                                                                                                                                     (1)           2
Other changes in liabilities                                                                                                                                                              10         334
Change in liability                                                                                                                                                                   10,183     11,199
Effect of portfolio transfers, acquisitions and disposals1                                                                                                                                (4)       (757)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                                                          277       1,065
Other movements                                                                                                                                                                            8          (10)
Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                                                                                                       124,995    114,531
1   The movement during 2017 relates to the disposal of Antarius in France. The movement during 2016 relates to the disposal of a closed book of offshore bonds business.


For unit-linked investment contracts, movements in asset values are offset by corresponding changes in liabilities, limiting the net impact
on profit. The variance between actual and expected experience in 2017 of £10 billion is primarily driven by the impact of positive equity
returns in the UK.
    The impact of assumption changes in the above analysis shows the resulting movement in the carrying value of non-participating
investment contract liabilities. The impacts of assumption changes on profit are included in the effect of changes in assumptions and
estimates during the year shown in note 44, which combines participating and non-participating investment contracts together with the
impact of movements in related non-financial assets.

42 – Financial guarantees and options
This note details the financial guarantees and options that the Group has given for some of our insurance and investment products.
    As a normal part of their operating activities, various Group companies have given guarantees and options, including investment return
guarantees, in respect of certain long-term insurance and fund management products. Further information on assumptions is given in
notes 40 and 41.

(a) UK Life with-profits business
The Group’s UK with-profits liabilities are evaluated by reference to FRS27, which was grandfathered under IFRS 4, prior to the adoption of
Solvency II. Under the PRA’s rules, provision for guarantees and options within realistic liabilities are measured using market-consistent
stochastic models. A stochastic approach includes measuring the time value of guarantees and options, which represents the additional
cost arising from uncertainty surrounding future economic conditions.
    The material guarantees and options to which this provision relates are:

(i) Maturity value and death benefit guarantees
Substantially all of the conventional with-profits business and a significant proportion of unitised with-profits business have minimum
maturity (and in some cases death benefit) values reflecting the sums assured plus declared annual bonus. In addition, the guarantee fund
has offered maturity value guarantees on certain unit-linked products. For some unitised with-profits life contracts the amount paid after
the fifth policy anniversary is guaranteed to be at least as high as the premium paid increased in line with the rise in RPI/CPI.

(ii) No market valuation reduction (MVR) guarantees
For unitised business, there are a number of circumstances where a ‘no MVR’ guarantee is applied, for example on certain policy
anniversaries, guaranteeing that no market value reduction will be applied to reflect the difference between the accumulated value of units
and the market value of the underlying assets.




                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     178
                           Strategic report         Governance          IFRS financial statements    Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements   Continued


42 – Financial guarantees and options continued
(iii) Guaranteed annuity options
The Group’s UK with-profits funds have written individual and group pension contracts which contain guaranteed annuity rate options
(GAOs), where the policyholder has the option to take the benefits from a policy in the form of an annuity based on guaranteed conversion
rates. The Group also has exposure to GAOs and similar options on deferred annuities.
    Realistic liabilities for GAOs in the UK with-profits funds were £2,186 million at 31 December 2017 (2016: £2,456 million). With the
exception of the New With-profits Sub Fund (NWPSF), movements in the realistic liabilities in the with-profits funds are offset by a
corresponding movement in the unallocated divisible surplus, with no net impact on IFRS profit. Realistic liabilities for GAOs in the NWPSF
were £206 million at 31 December 2017 (2016: £225 million).

(iv) Guaranteed minimum pension
The Group’s UK with-profits funds also have certain policies that contain a guaranteed minimum level of pension as part of the condition of
the original transfer from state benefits to the policy.

(v) Guaranteed minimum maturity payments on mortgage endowments
In addition, the with-profits fund companies have made promises to certain policyholders in relation to their with-profits mortgage
endowments. Top-up payments will be made on these policies at maturity to meet the mortgage value up to a maximum of the 31
December 1999 illustrated shortfall.

(b) UK Life non-profit business
The Group’s UK non-profit funds are evaluated by reference to statutory reserving rules, which are based on the UK regulatory requirements
(grandfathered under IFRS 4), prior to the adoption of Solvency II, adjusted to remove certain regulatory reserves and margins in
assumptions, notably for annuity business.

(i) Guaranteed annuity options
Similar options to those written on with-profits business have been written in relation to non-profit products. Provision for these
guarantees does not materially differ from a provision based on a market-consistent stochastic model, and amounts to £100 million at 31
December 2017 (2016:£121 million).

(ii) Guaranteed unit price on certain products
Certain unit-linked pension products linked to long-term life insurance funds provide policyholders with guaranteed benefits at retirement
or death. No additional provision is made for this guarantee as the investment management strategy for these funds is designed to ensure
that the guarantee can be met from the fund, mitigating the impact of large falls in investment values and interest rates.

(iii) Return of Premium guarantees
German pension products sold in Friends Life between 2006 and 2014 are subject to a Return of Premium guarantee whereby the product
guarantees to return the maximum of the unit fund value or total premiums paid (before deductions). Provisions for this guarantee are
calculated using a market-consistent stochastic model and amount to £132 million at 31 December 2017 (2016: £145 million).

(c) Overseas life businesses
In addition to guarantees written in the Group’s UK life businesses, our overseas businesses have also written contracts containing
guarantees and options. Details of the significant guarantees and options provided by overseas life businesses are set out below.

(i) France
Guaranteed surrender value and guaranteed minimum bonuses
Aviva France has written a number of contracts with such guarantees. The guaranteed surrender value is the accumulated value of the
contract including accrued bonuses. Bonuses are based on accounting income from amortised bond portfolios, where the duration of
bond portfolios is set in relation to the expected duration of the policies, plus income and releases from realised gains on equity-type
investments. Policy reserves are equal to guaranteed surrender values. Local statutory accounting envisages the establishment of a reserve,
‘Provision pour Aléas Financiers’ (PAF), when accounting income is less than 125% of guaranteed minimum credited returns. No PAF was
established at full year 2017.
     The most significant of these contracts is the AFER Eurofund which has total liabilities of £38 billion at 31 December 2017 (2016: £37
billion). The guaranteed minimum bonus is agreed between Aviva France and the AFER association at the end of each year, in respect of the
following year. The bonus was 2.40% for 2017 (2016: 2.65%) compared with an accounting income from the fund of 2.89% (2016: 3.14%).
     Non-AFER contracts with guaranteed surrender values had liabilities of £11 billion at 31 December 2017 (2016: £19 billion) and all
guaranteed annual bonus rates are between 0% and 4.5%. The decrease in Non-AFER contracts is mainly due to the sale of Antarius during
the year. For non-AFER business the accounting income return exceeded guaranteed bonus rates in 2017.




                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                      179
                                         Strategic report                             Governance                      IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                    Continued


42 – Financial guarantees and options continued
Guaranteed death and maturity benefits
In France, the Group has also sold unit-linked policies where the death and/or maturity benefit is guaranteed to be at least equal to the
premiums paid. The reserve held in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position at the end of 2017 for this guarantee is £20
million (2016: £59 million). The reserve is calculated on a prudent basis and is in excess of the economic liability. At the end of 2017, total
sums at risk for these contracts were £28 million (2016: £38 million) out of total unit-linked funds of £19 billion (2016: £19 billion). The
decrease is mainly due to the sale of Antarius during the year. It is estimated that this liability would increase by £28 million (2016: £51
million) if yields were to decrease by 1% per annum and by £6 million (2016: £10 million) if equity markets were to decline by 10% from year
end 2017 levels. For interest rate sensitivities if the resulting interest rates are negative, a floor of zero is not applied. These figures do not
reflect our ability to review the tariff for this option.

(ii) Italy
Guaranteed investment returns and guaranteed surrender values
The Group has written contracts containing guaranteed investment returns and guaranteed surrender values in Italy. Traditional profit-
sharing products receive an appropriate share of the investment return, assessed on a book value basis, subject to a guaranteed minimum
annual return of up to 4% on existing business, while on new business the maximum guaranteed rate is lower. Liabilities are generally taken
as the face value of the contract plus, if required, an explicit provision for guarantees calculated in accordance with local regulations.
     At 31 December 2017 total liabilities were £21 billion (2016: £18 billion), with a further provision of £48 million (2016: £47 million) for
guarantees. Liabilities are most sensitive to changes in the level of interest rates. It is estimated that provisions for guarantees would need
to decrease by £1 million (2016: £5 million decrease) if interest rates fell by 1% from the end of 2017 values. For the interest rate sensitivities,
if the resulting interest rates are negative, a floor of zero is not applied. In the local valuation there is no allowance for stochastic modelling
of guarantees and options.

(d) Sensitivity
In providing these guarantees and options, the Group’s capital position is sensitive to fluctuations in financial variables including foreign
currency exchange rates, interest rates, real estate prices and equity prices. Interest rate guaranteed returns, such as those available on
GAOs, are sensitive to interest rates falling below the guaranteed level. Other guarantees, such as maturity value guarantees and guarantees
in relation to minimum rates of return, are sensitive to fluctuations in the investment return below the level assumed when the guarantee
was made.

43 – Reinsurance assets
This note details the reinsurance recoverables on our insurance and investment contract liabilities.

(a) Carrying amounts
The reinsurance assets at 31 December comprised:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2017              2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   £m                £m

Long-term business
Insurance contracts                                                                                                                                                                                            5,469            6,186
Participating investment contracts                                                                                                                                                                                 2                2
Non-participating investment contracts1                                                                                                                                                                        6,094           18,366
                                                                                                                                                                                                             11,565            24,554
Outstanding claims provisions                                                                                                                                                                                    64                65
                                                                                                                                                                                                             11,629            24,619
General insurance and health
Outstanding claims provisions2                                                                                                                                                                                    845            1,090
Provisions for claims incurred but not reported2                                                                                                                                                                  884              795
                                                                                                                                                                                                               1,729             1,885
Provisions for unearned premiums                                                                                                                                                                                 257               250
                                                                                                                                                                                                               1,986             2,135
                                                                                                                                                                                                             13,615            26,754
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                                                                                                                      (123)             (411)
Total                                                                                                                                                                                                        13,492            26,343
1   Balances in respect of all reinsurance treaties are included under reinsurance assets, regardless of whether they transfer significant insurance risk. The reinsurance assets classified as non-participating investment contracts
    are financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss. During 2017, £14,353 million of reinsurance assets (UK Life) have been reclassified as collective investments in unit-linked funds following a restructure of
    a reinsurance treaty.
2   Reinsurance assets at 31 December 2016 for General insurance and health business include the impact of the £78 million reinsurance asset relating to an outwards reinsurance contract completed by the UK General Insurance
    business and the remaining recoveries expected in respect of the Alberta fires in Canada.


Of the above total, £12,302 million (2016: £22,919 million) is expected to be recovered more than one year after the statement of financial
position date.

(b) Assumptions
The assumptions, including discount rates, used for reinsurance contracts follow those used for insurance contracts. Reinsurance assets
are valued net of an allowance for their recoverability.




                                                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                        180
                                         Strategic report                            Governance                     IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                   Continued


43 – Reinsurance assets continued
(c) Movements
The following movements have occurred in the reinsurance assets during the year:

(i) In respect of long-term business provisions
                                                                                                                                                                                                               2017              2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                £m                £m

Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                                                                                                                              24,554            18,996
Assets in respect of new business                                                                                                                                                                          1,004               941
Expected change in existing business assets                                                                                                                                                                 (786)              300
Variance between actual and expected experience                                                                                                                                                            2,264             3,149
Impact of non-economic assumption changes                                                                                                                                                                   (634)             (182)
Impact of economic assumption changes                                                                                                                                                                         94               171
Other movements1                                                                                                                                                                                         (14,529)            1,003
Change in assets2                                                                                                                                                                                        (12,587)            5,382
Effect of portfolio transfers, acquisitions and disposals3                                                                                                                                                  (410)                8
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                                                                                8               168
Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                                                                                                                            11,565            24,554
1   The movement during 2016 includes the reclassification of UK Life investments in certain life insurance funds from unit trusts and other investment vehicles (financial instruments) to reinsurance assets. The movement during
    2017 includes £14,353 million of reinsurance assets (UK Life) being reclassified as collective investments in unit-linked funds following a restructure of a reinsurance treaty.
2   Change in assets does not reconcile with values in Note 40(a)(ii) due to the inclusion of reinsurance assets classified as non-participating investment contracts, where, for such contracts, deposit accounting is applied on the
    income statement.


3 The movement during 2016 relates to the recognition of a reinsurance asset following disposal of a closed book of offshore bonds
business. The movement during 2017 primarily relates to Antarius in France.The impact of assumption changes in the above analysis shows
the resulting movement in the carrying value of reinsurance assets and mainly relates to business in the UK, with corresponding
movements in gross insurance contract liabilities. For participating businesses, a movement in reinsurance assets is generally offset by a
corresponding adjustment to the unallocated divisible surplus and does not impact profit. Where assumption changes do impact profit,
these are included in the effect of changes in assumptions and estimates during the year shown in note 44, together with the impact of
movements in related liabilities and other non-financial assets.
(ii) In respect of general insurance and health outstanding claims provisions and IBNR
                                                                                                                                                                                                               2017              2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                £m                £m

Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                                                                                                                                1,885            1,595
Impact of changes in assumptions                                                                                                                                                                              (15)              80
Reinsurers’ share of claim losses and expenses
  Incurred in current year                                                                                                                                                                                     179              433
  Incurred in prior years1                                                                                                                                                                                      15              109
Reinsurers’ share of incurred claim losses and expenses                                                                                                                                                        194              542
Less:
Reinsurance recoveries received on claims
Incurred in current year                                                                                                                                                                                      (32)             (195)
  Incurred in prior years                                                                                                                                                                                    (293)             (214)
  Reinsurance recoveries received in the year                                                                                                                                                                (325)             (409)
Unwind of discounting                                                                                                                                                                                           8                 9
Change in reinsurance asset recognised as income (note 40a(ii))                                                                                                                                              (138)              222
Effect of portfolio transfers, acquisitions and disposals                                                                                                                                                      —                 (25)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                                                                               (18)                97
Other movements                                                                                                                                                                                                —                   (4)
Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                                                                                                                              1,729            1,885
1   The change in reinsurance assets for 2016 includes the impact of the £78 million reinsurance asset relating to an outwards reinsurance contract completed by the UK General Insurance business.


(iii) Reinsurers’ share of the provision for UPR
                                                                                                                                                                                                               2017              2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                £m                £m

Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                                                                                                                                  250               289
Premiums ceded to reinsurers in the year1                                                                                                                                                                     489               668
Less: Reinsurers’ share of premiums earned during the year1                                                                                                                                                  (484)             (687)
Changes in reinsurance asset recognised as income                                                                                                                                                               5                (19)
Reinsurers’ share of portfolio transfers and acquisitions                                                                                                                                                      —                 (38)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                                                                                 2                 18
Other movements                                                                                                                                                                                                —                  —
Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                                                                                                                                 257              250
1   For 2016 includes £107 million of ceded premiums relating to an outwards reinsurance contract completed by the UK General Insurance business.




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       181
                           Strategic report            Governance          IFRS financial statements       Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements      Continued


44 – Effect of changes in assumptions and estimates during the year
Certain estimates and assumptions used in determining our liabilities for insurance and investment contract business were changed from
2016 to 2017, affecting the profit recognised for the year with an equivalent effect on liabilities. This note analyses the effect of the changes.
This note only allows for the impact on liabilities and related assets, such as unallocated divisible surplus, reinsurance, deferred acquisition
costs and AVIF, and does not allow for offsetting movements in the value of backing financial assets.
                                                                                                                               Effect on profit   Effect on profit
                                                                                                                                          2017               2016
                                                                                                                                           £m                 £m

Assumptions
Long-term insurance business
Interest rates                                                                                                                      (1,720)             (4,490)
Expenses                                                                                                                              (128)                  48
Persistency rates                                                                                                                      (79)                 (80)
Mortality and morbidity for assurance contracts                                                                                        113                  (11)
Mortality for annuity contracts                                                                                                        779                 294
Tax and other assumptions                                                                                                                2                   97
Investment contracts
Expenses                                                                                                                                   —                  —
General insurance and health business
Change in discount rate assumptions                                                                                                        (7)             (242)
Change in expense ratio and other assumptions                                                                                              —                 —
Total                                                                                                                               (1,040)             (4,384)

The impact of interest rates on long-term business relates primarily to annuities in the UK (including any change in credit default and
reinvestment risk provisions), where a decrease in the valuation interest rate, in response to narrowing of credit spreads is partially offset by
increasing risk-free rates, has increased liabilities. Within the UK there were also two modelling changes which resulted in a reduction in
reserves: an alignment of approach in calculating the valuation interest rate across the Life portfolios of £153 million and a refinement to
the approach in calculating the valuation interest rate for certain deferred annuity business of £136 million. Outside of the UK, there was a
one-off impact in France due to an increase in life annuity pension reserves, resulting from a reduction to the discount rate cap used in the
calculation of these reserves of £138 million. The overall impact on profit also depends on movements in the value of assets backing the
liabilities, which is not included in this disclosure.
     The impact of expenses on long-term business has resulted in an increase in reserves, following a review of recent experience. In the UK
this includes a strengthening of maintenance expense reserves from harmonising the UK expense basis following the Friends Life Part VII
transfer in 2017 of £89 million (2016: £nil); recognition of future project expense reserves of £125 million (2016: £nil); partly offset by a release
due to updating the charging structure in place with Aviva Investors following the Friends Life integration of £70million (2016: £42 million)
(and other less significant adverse movements of £13 million in 2016). Across Europe and Asia, expense reserves have reduced by £16 million
(2016: £19 million).
    The impact of persistency rates on long-term business has resulted in an increase in reserves following a review of recent experience in
the UK.
    The impact of mortality and morbidity for assurance contracts on long-term business has resulted in a reduction in reserves following a
review of recent experience, most notably for critical illness in the UK.
    The impact of mortality for annuitant contracts on long-term business relates primarily to the UK. In 2017, this has resulted in a
reduction in reserves due to recognition of benefits from changes in longevity assumptions including: the impact of completing our review
of the allowance for anti-selection risk of £170 million, updates reflecting our recent experience of £200 million, updates to the rate of
historic and future mortality improvements, including the adoption of CMI 2016, of £340 million, and other less significant movements of
£31 million. In Ireland there was a reduction of £38 million following a review of recent experience.
    In 2016 there was a release of annuitant reserves in the UK following a review of recent experience (including the exposure to anti-
selection risk) of £130 million, the adoption of the CMI 2015 mortality improvement assumptions of £153 million and other less significant
movements of £11 million.
    In the general insurance and health business, an adverse impact of £7 million (2016: £242 million adverse) mainly arises as a result of a
slight decrease in the estimated future inflation rate used to value periodic payment orders, offset by a slight decrease in the interest rates
used to discount claim reserves for periodic payment orders and latent claims. During 2016 market interest rates used to discount periodic
payment orders and latent claims reduced and the estimated future inflation rate used to value periodic payment orders was increased to
be consistent with market expectations. This was, in part, offset by a change in estimate for the interest rate used to discount periodic
payment orders to allow for the illiquid nature of these liabilities.




                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         182
                                        Strategic report                            Governance                     IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                  Continued


45 – Unallocated divisible surplus
An unallocated divisible surplus (UDS) is established where the nature of policy benefits is such that the division between shareholder
reserves and policyholder liabilities is uncertain at the reporting date. Therefore the expected duration for settlement of the UDS is not
defined.
    This note shows the movements in the UDS during the year.
                                                                                                                                                                      2017      2016
                                                                                                                                                                       £m        £m

Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                                                                                       10,208     8,811
Change in participating fund assets                                                                                                                                   406     4,977
Change in participating fund liabilities                                                                                                                             (710)   (4,596)
Other movements                                                                                                                                                        10        —
Change in liability recognised as an expense                                                                                                                         (294)      381
Effect of portfolio transfers, acquisition and disposals1                                                                                                          (1,076)       —
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                                       263     1,016
Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                                                                                      9,101    10,208
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                                                                             (19)     (859)
                                                                                                                                                                    9,082     9,349
1   The movement during 2017 relates to the disposal of Antarius (£832 million) and majority of Spanish business (£244 million).


The amount of UDS at 31 December 2017 has decreased to £9.1 billion (2016: £10.2 billion) including amounts classified as held for sale, and
£9.1 billion (2016: £9.3 billion) excluding amounts classified as held for sale. The decrease is mainly due to the sale of both Antarius and the
majority of Spanish business and a distribution of assets out of UK Life’s UDS in anticipation of a special bonus to policyholders, partly
offset by the weakening of sterling against the euro.
     The participating assets and liabilities have offsetting impacts across the UK and Europe in 2017. In Europe they have increased mainly
driven by an increase in new business and in the UK they have reduced, mainly driven by an increase in bond yields and the distribution of
assets. In 2016, the impacts did not offset. The participating assets and liabilities increased across all the markets mainly driven by an
increase in new business in Europe and a decrease in bond yields in the UK.
     Where the aggregate amount of participating assets is less than the participating liabilities within a fund then the shortfall may be held
as negative UDS, subject to recoverability testing as part of the liability adequacy requirements of IFRS 4. There are no material negative
UDS balances at the participating fund-level within each life entity in the current and comparative periods, with the exception of one fund
in UK Life in the comparative period (2016: a negative UDS of £16 million). This negative UDS balance was tested for recoverability and
considered to be recoverable by comparing the excess of IFRS participating liabilities over the adjusted Solvency II best estimate liabilities
for the relevant contracts. The Solvency II best estimate liabilities were adjusted where Solvency II does not represent a best estimate of
shareholders’ interests consistent with the impairment test for goodwill for long-term business (see note 16) and for AVIF on insurance
contracts (see note 17).




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      183
                                      Strategic report                          Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                              Continued


46 – Tax assets and liabilities
This note analyses the tax assets and liabilities that appear in the statement of financial position and explains the movements in these
balances in the year.

(a) Current tax
Current tax assets recoverable and liabilities payable in more than one year are £19 million and £14 million (2016: £29 million and £7 million),
respectively.

(b) Deferred tax
(i) The balances at 31 December comprise:
                                                                                                                                                       2017      2016
                                                                                                                                                        £m        £m

Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                    146       183
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                            (2,562)   (2,414)
Net deferred tax liability                                                                                                                          (2,416)   (2,231)
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                                                             183         (2)
                                                                                                                                                    (2,233)   (2,233)

Amounts classified as held for sale include £2 million of deferred tax assets (2016: £3 million) and £185 million of deferred tax liabilities (2016:
£1 million).

(ii) The net deferred tax liability arises on the following items:
                                                                                                                                                       2017      2016
                                                                                                                                                        £m        £m

Long-term business technical provisions and other insurance items                                                                                    1,582     1,852
Deferred acquisition costs                                                                                                                            (199)     (195)
Unrealised gains on investments                                                                                                                     (2,899)   (3,157)
Pensions and other post-retirement obligations                                                                                                        (502)     (456)
Unused losses and tax credits                                                                                                                          166       203
Subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures                                                                                                            (16)       (20)
Intangibles and additional value of in-force long-term business                                                                                       (721)     (795)
Provisions and other temporary differences                                                                                                             173       337
Net deferred tax liability                                                                                                                          (2,416)   (2,231)
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                                                             183         (2)
                                                                                                                                                    (2,233)   (2,233)


(iii) The movement in the net deferred tax liability was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                      2017       2016
                                                                                                                                                       £m         £m

Net liability at 1 January                                                                                                                          (2,231)   (1,953)
Acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries1                                                                                                               (6)      (50)
Amounts (charged)/credited to income statement (note 13a)                                                                                             (123)      (43)
Amounts (charged)/credited to other comprehensive income (note 13b)                                                                                    (31)      (98)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                        (18)      (83)
Other movements                                                                                                                                         (7)       (4)
Net liability at 31 December                                                                                                                        (2,416)   (2,231)
1   The movement during 2016 relates mainly to the acquisition of RBC General Insurance Company.


Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the temporary
differences can be utilised. In countries where there is a history of tax losses, deferred tax assets are only recognised in excess of deferred
tax liabilities if there is convincing evidence that future taxable profits will be available. Where this is the case, the directors have relied on
business plans supporting future profits.
     The Group has unrecognised gross tax losses (excluding capital losses) and other temporary differences of £787 million (2016: £796
million) to carry forward against future taxable income of the necessary category in the companies concerned. Of these, trading losses of
£92 million will expire within the next 20 years. The remaining losses have no expiry date.
     In addition, the Group has unrecognised gross capital losses of £443 million (2016: £503 million). These have no expiry date.
     There are no temporary differences in respect of unremitted overseas retained earnings for which deferred tax liabilities have not been
recognised at 31 December 2017 (2016: £nil).




                                                                               Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                  184
                            Strategic report              Governance          IFRS financial statements             Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements         Continued


47 – Pension deficits and other provisions
This note details the non-insurance provisions that the Group holds, and shows the movements in these during the year.

(a) Carrying amounts
                                                                                                                                                    2017       2016
                                                                                                                                                     £m         £m

Total IAS 19 obligations to main staff pension schemes (note 48(a))                                                                                 764       843
Deficits in other staff pension schemes                                                                                                              64        56
Total IAS 19 obligations to staff pension schemes                                                                                                   828       899
Restructuring provisions                                                                                                                             92       111
Other provisions                                                                                                                                    515       501
Total provisions                                                                                                                                 1,435       1,511
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                                                             (6)       (1)
                                                                                                                                                 1,429       1,510

Other provisions primarily include amounts set aside throughout the Group for costs of compensation, litigation and staff entitlements.

(b) Movements on restructuring and other provisions
                                                                                                                         2017                                  2016
                                                                                       Restructuring       Other                Restructuring       Other
                                                                                          provisions   provisions       Total      provisions   provisions    Total
                                                                                                 £m           £m          £m              £m           £m      £m

At 1 January                                                                                  111          501          612            166          518        684
Additional provisions                                                                          31          161          192             60          143        203
Unused amounts reversed                                                                        (1)         (37)         (38)             (2)       (126)      (128)
Change in the discounted amount arising from passage of time                                    2           —             2               2          —           2
Charge/(release) to income statement                                                            32         124          156             60            17        77
Utilised during the year                                                                       (53)        (98)        (151)          (118)          (63)     (181)
Acquisition/(disposal) of subsidiaries                                                          —           (3)          (3)            —             —         —
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                  2          (9)          (7)             3            29        32
At 31 December                                                                                  92         515          607            111          501       612

Of the total restructuring and other provisions, £182 million (2016: £188 million) is expected to be settled more than one year after the
statement of financial position date.




                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            185
                             Strategic report           Governance           IFRS financial statements           Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements        Continued


48 – Pension obligations
(a) Introduction
The Group operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension schemes. The material defined benefit schemes are in
the UK, Ireland and Canada with the main UK scheme being the largest. The assets and liabilities of these defined benefit schemes as at 31
December 2017 are shown below.
                                                                                                         2017                                        2016
                                                                       UK      Ireland    Canada         Total         UK      Ireland   Canada      Total
                                                                       £m           £m       £m            £m          £m          £m       £m        £m

Total fair value of scheme assets (see b(ii) below)                17,744        658        276     18,678         18,803        610       281     19,694
Present value of defined benefit obligation                       (14,824)      (847)      (372)   (16,043)       (16,131)      (848)     (368)   (17,347)
Net IAS 19 surpluses/(deficits) in the schemes                     2,920        (189)       (96)     2,635          2,672       (238)      (87)    2,347

Surpluses included in other assets (note 28)                       3,399          —          —       3,399          3,190         —         —      3,190
Deficits included in provisions (note 47)                           (479)       (189)       (96)      (764)          (518)      (238)      (87)     (843)
Net IAS 19 surpluses/(deficits) in the schemes                     2,920        (189)       (96)     2,635          2,672       (238)      (87)    2,347

This note gives full IAS 19, Employee Benefits, disclosures for the above material schemes. The smaller ones, while still measured under IAS
19, are included as one total within Provisions (see note 47). Similarly, while the charges to the income statement for the main schemes are
shown in section (b)(i) below, the total charges for all pension schemes are disclosed in section (d) below.
     Under the IAS 19 valuation basis, the Group applies the principles of IFRIC 14, ‘IAS 19 – The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum
Funding Requirements and their Interaction’, whereby a surplus is only recognised to the extent that the Company is able to access the
surplus either through an unconditional right of refund to the surplus or through reduced future contributions relating to ongoing service,
which have been substantively enacted or contractually agreed. The Group has determined that it can derive economic benefit from the
surplus in the ASPS via a reduction to future employer contributions for DC members, which could theoretically be paid from the surplus
funds in the ASPS. In the RAC and FPPS, the Group has determined that the rules set out in the schemes' governing documentation provide
for an unconditional right to a refund from any future surplus funds in the schemes.
     The assets of the UK, Irish and Canadian schemes are held in separate trustee-administered funds to meet long-term pension liabilities
to past and present employees. In all schemes, the appointment of trustees of the funds is determined by their trust documentation, and
they are required to act in the best interests of the schemes’ beneficiaries. The long-term investment objectives of the trustees and the
employers are to limit the risk of the assets failing to meet the liabilities of the schemes over the long term, and to maximise returns
consistent with an acceptable level of risk so as to control the long-term costs of these schemes.
     A full actuarial valuation of each of the defined benefit schemes is carried out at least every three years for the benefit of scheme
trustees and members. Actuarial reports have been submitted for each scheme within this period, using appropriate methods for the
respective countries on local funding bases.
     The number of scheme members was as follows:
                                                                                               United Kingdom                  Ireland             Canada
                                                                                            2017        2016         2017       2016       2017      2016
                                                                                          Number      Number       Number     Number     Number    Number

Deferred members                                                                         50,737      56,740        1,855       1,904       581       616
Pensioners                                                                               37,840      37,131          801         780     1,334     1,344
Total members                                                                            88,577      93,871        2,656       2,684     1,915     1,960

All schemes are closed to future accrual. Closure of the schemes has removed the volatility associated with additional future accrual for
active members.

(i) UK schemes
In the UK, the Group operates three main pension schemes, the Aviva Staff Pension Scheme (ASPS), the smaller RAC (2003) Pension Scheme
which was retained after the sale of RAC Limited in September 2011 and the Friends Provident Pension Scheme (FPPS) which was acquired
as part of the Friends Life acquisition in 2015. As the defined benefit section of the UK schemes is now closed to both new members and
future accrual, existing deferred members in active service and new entrants participate in the defined contribution section of the ASPS.
The UK schemes operate within the UK pensions’ regulatory framework.

(ii) Other schemes
Future accruals for the Irish and Canadian defined benefit schemes ceased with effect from 30 April 2013 and 31 December 2011
respectively. The Irish scheme is regulated by the Pensions Authority in Ireland. The main Canadian plan is a Registered Pension Plan in
Canada and as such is registered with the Canada Revenue Agency and Financial Services Commission of Ontario and is required to comply
with the Income Tax of Canada and the various provincial Pension Acts within Canada.




                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          186
                                        Strategic report                            Governance                     IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                  Continued


48 – Pension obligations continued
(b) IAS 19 disclosures
Disclosures under IAS 19 for the material defined benefit schemes in the UK, Ireland and Canada, are given below. Where schemes provide
both defined benefit and defined contribution pensions, the assets and liabilities shown exclude those relating to defined contribution
pensions.

(i) Movements in the scheme surpluses and deficits
Movements in the pension schemes’ surpluses and deficits comprise:
                                                                                                                                                                                               Present Value         IAS 19
                                                                                                                                                                                                  of defined   Pensions net
                                                                                                                                                                               Fair Value of         benefit       surplus/
                                                                                                                                                                             Scheme Assets        obligation      (deficits)
2017                                                                                                                                                                                    £m               £m             £m

Net IAS 19 surplus in the schemes at 1 January                                                                                                                                   19,694          (17,347)          2,347
Past service costs – amendments                                                                                                                                                      —                (1)             (1)
Administrative expenses1                                                                                                                                                             —               (18)            (18)
Total pension cost charged to net operating expenses                                                                                                                                   —              (19)             (19)
Net interest credited/(charged) to investment income /(finance costs)2                                                                                                                470            (407)              63
Total recognised in income                                                                                                                                                            470            (426)              44

Remeasurements:
Actual return on these assets                                                                                                                                                         740                —            740
Less: Interest income on scheme assets                                                                                                                                               (470)               —           (470)
Return on scheme assets excluding amounts in interest income                                                                                                                          270              —              270
Losses from change in financial assumptions                                                                                                                                            —             (182)           (182)
Losses from change in demographic assumptions                                                                                                                                          —              (30)            (30)
Experience losses                                                                                                                                                                      —              (63)            (63)
Total recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                                                                                        270            (275)              (5)

Employer contributions                                                                                                                                                               259               —              259
Plan participant contributions                                                                                                                                                         9               (9)             —
Benefits paid                                                                                                                                                                     (2,021)           2,021              —
Administrative expenses paid from scheme assets1                                                                                                                                     (21)              18              (3)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                                                       18              (25)             (7)
Net IAS 19 surplus in the schemes at 31 December                                                                                                                                 18,678          (16,043)          2,635
1   Administrative expenses are expensed as incurred.
2   Net interest income of £87 million has been credited to investment income and net interest expense of £24 million has been charged to finance costs (see note 7).


The present value of unfunded post-retirement benefit obligations included in the table above is £129 million at 31 December 2017 (2016:
£126 million).
   The increase in the surplus during the period is primarily due to employer contributions paid into the schemes.
                                                                                                                                                                                               Present Value         IAS 19
                                                                                                                                                                                                  of defined   Pensions net
                                                                                                                                                                               Fair Value of         benefit       surplus/
                                                                                                                                                                             Scheme Assets        obligation      (deficits)
2016                                                                                                                                                                                    £m               £m             £m

Net IAS 19 surplus in the schemes at 1 January                                                                                                                                    16,161          (14,324)          1,837
Past service costs – amendments                                                                                                                                                       —                (1)             (1)
Administrative expenses1                                                                                                                                                              —               (13)            (13)
Total pension cost charged to net operating expenses                                                                                                                                   —               (14)            (14)
Net interest credited/(charged) to investment income /(finance costs)2                                                                                                                590             (517)             73
Total recognised in income                                                                                                                                                            590             (531)             59

Remeasurements:
Actual return on these assets                                                                                                                                                       4,044                —          4,044
Less: Interest income on scheme assets                                                                                                                                               (590)               —           (590)
Return on scheme assets excluding amounts in interest income                                                                                                                        3,454               —           3,454
Losses from change in financial assumptions                                                                                                                                            —            (3,944)        (3,944)
Gains from change in demographic assumptions                                                                                                                                           —               363            363
Experience gains                                                                                                                                                                       —               438            438
Total recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                                                                                      3,454           (3,143)           311

Employer contributions                                                                                                                                                                190               —             190
Plan participant contributions                                                                                                                                                           6               (6)            —
Benefits paid                                                                                                                                                                        (825)             825              —
Administrative expenses paid from scheme assets1                                                                                                                                       (15)             13              (2)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                                                       133             (181)            (48)
Net IAS 19 surplus in the schemes at 31 December                                                                                                                                  19,694          (17,347)          2,347
1   Administrative expenses are expensed as incurred.
2   Net interest income of £102 million has been credited to investment income and net interest expense of £29 million has been charged to finance costs (see note 7).




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      187
                                        Strategic report                            Governance                    IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                  Continued


48 – Pension obligations continued
(ii) Scheme assets
Scheme assets are stated at their fair values at 31 December 2017.
   Total scheme assets are comprised by scheme as follows:
                                                                                                                                                          2017                                                               2016
                                                                                                          UK          Ireland          Canada             Total             UK           Ireland         Canada             Total
                                                                                                          £m               £m             £m                £m              £m                £m            £m               £m

Bonds
  Fixed interest                                                                                    6,925               408              163          7,496            7,085               249              151          7,485
  Index-linked                                                                                     11,744               292               —          12,036           11,469               157               —          11,626
Equities                                                                                              129                —                —             129               71                —                —              71
Property                                                                                              365                —                —             365              338                —                —             338
Pooled investment vehicles                                                                          4,955               238              107          5,300            3,433               200               96          3,729
Derivatives                                                                                           (34)                4               —             (30)              86                 1               —              87
Cash and other1                                                                                    (5,710)             (284)               6         (5,988)          (3,046)                3               34         (3,009)
Total fair value of scheme assets                                                                  18,374               658              276         19,308           19,436               610              281         20,327
Less: consolidation elimination for non-transferable Group
  insurance policy2                                                                                    (630)               —                —           (630)             (633)              —                —            (633)
Total IAS 19 fair value of scheme assets                                                           17,744               658              276         18,678           18,803               610              281         19,694
1   Cash and other assets comprise cash at bank, insurance policies, receivables, payables and repos. At 31 December 2017, cash and other assets primarily consist of repos of £5,386 million (2016: £4,666 million).
2   As at 31 December 2017, the FPPS’s cash and other balances include an insurance policy of £630 million (2016: £633 million) issued by a Group company that is not transferable under IAS 19 and is consequently eliminated
    from the Group’s IAS 19 scheme assets.


Total scheme assets are analysed by those that have a quoted market price in an active market and other as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                           2017                                              2016
                                                                                                                                         Total           Total                             Total           Total
                                                                                                                                       Quoted        Unquoted             Total          Quoted        Unquoted             Total
                                                                                                                                           £m              £m               £m              £m              £m               £m

Bonds
  Fixed interest                                                                                                                     4,334            3,162           7,496             3,697            3,788           7,485
  Index-linked                                                                                                                      11,627              409          12,036            11,141              485          11,626
Equities                                                                                                                                35               94             129                71               —               71
Property                                                                                                                                —               365             365                —               338             338
Pooled investment vehicles                                                                                                             167            5,133           5,300               189            3,540           3,729
Derivatives                                                                                                                              4              (34)            (30)               70               17              87
Cash and other1                                                                                                                     (1,801)          (4,187)         (5,988)              714           (3,723)         (3,009)
Total fair value of scheme assets                                                                                                   14,366             4,942         19,308            15,882            4,445          20,327
Less: consolidation elimination for non-transferable Group insurance policy2                                                            —               (630)          (630)               —              (633)           (633)
Total IAS 19 fair value of scheme assets                                                                                            14,366             4,312         18,678            15,882            3,812          19,694
1   Cash and other assets comprise cash at bank, insurance policies, receivables, payables and repos. At 31 December 2017, cash and other assets primarily consist of repos of £5,386 million (2016: £4,666 million).
2   As at 31 December 2017, the FPPS’s cash and other balances includes an insurance policy of £630 million (2016: £633 million) issued by a Group company that is not transferable under IAS 19 and is consequently eliminated
    from the Group’s IAS 19 scheme assets.


IAS 19 plan assets include investments in Group-managed funds in the consolidated statement of financial position of £2,091 million (2016:
£1,428 million) and transferable insurance policies with other Group companies of £172 million (2016: £174 million) in the ASPS. Where the
investment and insurance policies are in segregated funds with specific asset allocations, they are included in the appropriate line in the
table above, otherwise they appear in ‘Cash and other’. There are no significant judgements involved in the valuation of the scheme assets.

(iii) Assumptions on scheme liabilities
The valuations used for accounting under IAS 19 have been based on the most recent full actuarial valuations, updated to take account of
the standard’s requirements in order to assess the liabilities of the material schemes at 31 December 2017.

The projected unit credit method
The inherent uncertainties affecting the measurement of scheme liabilities require these to be measured on an actuarial basis. This
involves discounting the best estimate of future cash flows to be paid out by the scheme using the projected unit credit method. This is an
accrued benefits valuation method which calculates the past service liability to members and makes allowance for their projected future
earnings. It is based on a number of actuarial assumptions, which vary according to the economic conditions of the countries in which the
relevant businesses are situated, and changes in these assumptions can materially affect the measurement of the pension obligations.




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      188
                                        Strategic report                           Governance                     IFRS financial statements                       Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                 Continued


48 – Pension obligations continued
Financial assumptions
The main financial assumptions used to calculate scheme liabilities under IAS 19 are:
                                                                                                                                 UK                                      Ireland                                     Canada
                                                                                                  2017                          2016                  2017                  2016                   2017                  2016

Inflation rate1                                                                   3.2%/2.1%           3.3%/2.2%                                    1.7%                  1.7%                  2.0%                  2.0%
General salary increases2                                                              5.0%                5.1%                                    3.2%                  3.2%                  2.5%                  2.5%
Pension increases3                                                                3.2%/2.1%           3.3%/2.2%                                    0.4%                  0.4%                 1.25%                 1.25%
Deferred pension increases3                                                       3.2%/2.1%           3.3%/2.2%                                    1.7%                  1.7%                     —                     —
Discount rate4                                                                        2.4%/               2.5%/                                    1.9%                  1.8%                 3.25%                 3.75%
                                                                           2.4%(pensioners)/ 2.5%(pensioners)/
                                                                              2.4%(deferred)      2.6%(deferred)
Basis of discount rate                                                                  AA-rated corporate bonds                            AA-rated corporate bonds                     AA-rated corporate bonds
1   For the UK schemes, assumptions provided for RPI/CPI. In the UK, the assumptions for the ASPS and RAC schemes are the single rates for RPI/CPI; for FPPS, relevant RPI/CPI swap curves are used, which are broadly equivalent
    to these single rates.
2   In the UK, the only remaining linkage between pension benefits and general salary increases is in respect of a small amount of Guaranteed Minimum Pension benefits, in line with National Average Earnings.
3   For the UK schemes, assumptions provided for RPI/CPI. In the UK, the assumptions for the ASPS and RAC schemes are single rates for RPI/CPI; for FPPS, relevant RPI/CPI swap curves are used, which are broadly equivalent to
    these single rates. The assumptions are also adjusted to reflect the relevant caps/floors and the inflation volatility.
4   To calculate scheme liabilities in the UK, a single discount rate is used in ASPS/RAC, whereas in FPPS, separate discount rates are used for the defined benefit obligation for pensioners and deferred.


The discount rate and pension increase rate are the two assumptions that have the largest impact on the value of the liabilities, with the
difference between them being known as the net discount rate. For each country, the discount rate is based on current average yields of
high-quality debt instruments taking account of the maturities of the defined benefit obligations.

Mortality assumptions
Mortality assumptions are significant in measuring the Group’s obligations under its defined benefit schemes, particularly given the
maturity of these obligations in the material schemes. The assumptions used are summarised in the table below and have been selected to
reflect the characteristics and experience of the membership of these schemes.
     The mortality tables, average life expectancy and pension duration used at 31 December 2017 for scheme members are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                       Life expectancy/(pension        Life expectancy/ (pension
                                                                                                                                                                      duration) at NRA of a male     duration) at NRA of a female
                                                                                                                                                       Normal                          20 years                        20 years
                                                                                                                                                retirement age Currently aged      younger than Currently aged     younger than
Mortality table                                                                                                                                         (NRA)             NRA              NRA             NRA             NRA

UK– ASPS           Club Vita pooled experience, including an allowance for future improvements                                                               60          88.9            91.1              90.3           92.5
                                                                                                                                                                        (28.9)          (31.1)            (30.3)         (32.5)
    – RAC          SAPS, including allowances for future improvement                                                                                         65          87.6            89.4              89.3           91.0
                                                                                                                                                                        (22.6)          (24.4)            (24.3)         (26.0)
    – FPPS         SAPS, including allowances for future improvement                                                                                         60          89.1            91.0              89.9           91.9
                                                                                                                                                                        (29.1)          (31.0)            (29.9)         (31.9)
Ireland            89% PNA00 with allowance for future improvements                                                                                          61          88.4            91.7              91.3           94.5
                                                                                                                                                                        (27.4)          (30.7)            (30.3)         (33.5)
Canada             Canadian Pensioners’ Mortality 2014 Private Table, including allowance for                                                                65          86.8            88.3              89.3           90.7
                   future improvements                                                                                                                                  (21.8)          (23.3)            (24.3)         (25.7)

The assumptions above are based on commonly used mortality tables. The tables make allowance for observed variations in such factors
as age, gender, pension amount, salary and postcode-based lifestyle group, and have been adjusted to reflect recent research into
mortality experience. However, the extent of future improvements in longevity is subject to considerable uncertainty and judgement is
required in setting this assumption. In ASPS, which is the most material to the Group, the allowance for mortality improvement is per the
actuarial profession’s ‘CMI_2016 (S=7.5) Advanced with adjustments’ model (2016: CMI 2015 model), with assumed long-term rates of
improvement of 1.75% p.a. for males (2016: 1.75% p.a.), and 1.50% p.a. for females (2016: 1.50% p.a.). The CMI 2016 tables have been
adjusted to reflect the socio-economic profile of the pension scheme membership relative to the general population (on which CMI 2016 is
based). These adjustments are in line with those adopted in respect of the UK Life annuitant population (see note 40 for details) and reflect
the similar socio-economic profiles of the pension scheme membership and the annuitant population. The projections also use the
advanced parameters to taper the long term improvement rates to zero between ages 90 and 115 (the ‘core’ parameters taper the long
term improvement rates to zero between ages 85 and 110) in line with the approach adopted for the UK Life annuitant population (see note
40 for details).




                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     189
                                       Strategic report                          Governance          IFRS financial statements               Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                 Continued


48 – Pension obligations continued
Sensitivity analysis
Significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the defined benefit obligation are discount rate, inflation rate and mortality. The
sensitivities analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions, holding all other
assumptions constant. The following table summarises how the defined benefit obligation would have increased/(decreased) as a result of
the change in the respective assumptions:

Impact on present value of defined benefit obligation
                                                                                                                               Increase in     Decrease in     Increase in      Decrease in
                                                                                                                            discount rate    discount rate   inflation rate   inflation rate     1 year
                                                                                                                                     +1%              -1%             +1%               -1%    younger1
                                                                                                                                      £m               £m               £m               £m         £m

Impact on present value of defined benefit obligation at 31 December 2017                                                       (2,680)          3,576            2,526          (1,929)         565
Impact on present value of defined benefit obligation at 31 December 2016                                                        (3,225)         4,362            3,344           (2,601)        606
1   The effect of assuming all members in the schemes were one year younger.


The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative as in practice it is unlikely that the changes in assumptions would occur
in isolation of one another as some of the assumptions may be correlated. Furthermore, the present value of the defined benefit obligation
has been calculated using the projected unit credit method, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation
recognised within the consolidated statement of financial position. In addition, the sensitivities shown are for liabilities only and ignore the
impact on assets, which would significantly mitigate the net interest rate and inflation sensitivity impact on the net surplus.

Maturity profile of the defined benefit obligation
The discounted scheme liabilities have an average duration of 20 years in ASPS, 21 years in FPPS, 21 years in the RAC scheme,
19 years in the Irish scheme and 12 years in the Canadian scheme. The expected undiscounted benefits payable from the main UK defined
benefit scheme, ASPS, is shown in the chart below:

Undiscounted benefit payments (£m)

       Deferred member cash flows         Pensioner cash flows



                                                                                           600
                                                                                           500
                                                                                           400
                                                                                           300
                                                                                           200
                                                                                           100
                                                                                           0
2017                        2047                        2077                      2106

(iv) Risk management and asset allocation strategy
As noted above, the long-term investment objectives of the trustees and the employers are to limit the risk of the assets failing to meet the
liabilities of the schemes over the long-term, and to maximise returns consistent with an acceptable level of risk so as to control the long-
term costs of these schemes. To meet these objectives, the schemes’ assets are invested in a portfolio, consisting primarily of debt
securities as detailed in section (b)(ii). The investment strategy will continue to evolve over time and is expected to match the liability
profile increasingly closely with swap overlays to improve interest rate and inflation matching. The schemes are generally matched to
interest rate risk relative to the funding bases.

Main UK scheme
The Company works closely with the trustee, who is required to consult with the Company on the investment strategy.
    Interest rate and inflation rate risks are managed using a combination of liability-matching assets and swaps. Exposure to equity risk
has been reducing over time and credit risk is managed within risk appetite. Currency risk is relatively small and is largely hedged. The other
principal risk is longevity risk. This risk has reduced due to the Aviva Staff Pension Scheme entering into a longevity swap in 2014 covering
approximately £5 billion of pensioner in payment scheme liabilities.

Other schemes
The other schemes are considerably less material but their risks are managed in a similar way to those in the main UK scheme. In 2015, the
RAC pension scheme entered into a longevity swap covering approximately £600 million of pensioner in payment scheme liabilities.

(v) Funding
Formal actuarial valuations normally take place every three years and where there is a deficit, the Group and the trustees would agree a
deficit recovery plan. The assumptions adopted for triennial actuarial valuations are determined by the trustees and agreed with the Group
and are normally more prudent than the assumptions adopted for IAS19 purposes, which are best estimate.
    For ASPS, following the latest formal actuarial valuation (with an effective date of 31 March 2015) a deficit recovery plan was agreed, to
make good the deficit over a period of time, consistent with the requirements of the UK pension regulations. As at 31 December 2017, the
ASPS was fully funded.
    Total employer contributions for all schemes in 2018 are currently expected to be £0.2 billion.


                                                                                Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                   190
                           Strategic report           Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements      Continued


48 – Pension obligations continued
(c) Defined contribution (money purchase) section of the ASPS
The trustees have responsibility for selecting a range of suitable funds in which the members can choose to invest and for monitoring the
performance of the available investment funds. Members are responsible for reviewing the level of contributions they pay and the choice of
investment fund to ensure these are appropriate to their attitude to risk and their retirement plans. Members of this section contribute at
least 2% of their pensionable salaries, and depending on the percentage chosen, the Group contributes up to a maximum 14%, together
with the cost of the death-in-service benefits. These contribution rates remained unchanged until June 2017. From 1 July 2017, for every 1%
additional employee contribution, the Group will contribute an additional 0.1% employer contribution. The amount recognised as an
expense for defined contribution schemes is shown section (d) below.

(d) Charge to staff costs in the income statement
The total pension charge to staff costs for all of the Group’s defined benefit and defined contribution schemes were:
                                                                                                                             2017         2016
                                                                                                                              £m           £m

Continuing operations
UK defined benefit schemes                                                                                                    22           16
Overseas defined benefit schemes                                                                                               1            1
Total defined benefit schemes (note 10b)                                                                                      23           17
UK defined contribution schemes                                                                                              121          117
Overseas defined contribution schemes                                                                                         25           21
Total defined contribution schemes (note 10b)                                                                                146          138
Total charge for pension schemes                                                                                             169          155

There were no significant contributions payable or prepaid in the consolidated statement of financial position as at either 31 December
2017 or 2016.




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        191
                                        Strategic report                             Governance                     IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                   Continued


49 – Borrowings
Our borrowings are classified as either core structural borrowings, which are included within the Group’s capital employed, or operational
borrowings drawn by operating subsidiaries. This note shows the carrying values and contractual maturity amounts of each type, and
explains their main features and movements during the year.

(a) Analysis of total borrowings
Total borrowings comprise:
                                                                                                                                                                                                              2017             2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                               £m               £m

Core structural borrowings, at amortised cost                                                                                                                                                              8,640            8,577
Operational borrowings, at amortised cost                                                                                                                                                                    466              608
Operational borrowings, at fair value                                                                                                                                                                      1,180            1,110
                                                                                                                                                                                                           1,646            1,718
                                                                                                                                                                                                         10,286            10,295

(b) Core structural borrowings
(i) The carrying amounts of these borrowings are:
                                                                                                                                                                                                              2017             2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                               £m               £m

Subordinated debt
6.125% £700 million subordinated notes 2036                                                                                                                                                                   694              694
6.125% £800 million undated subordinated notes                                                                                                                                                                796              795
6.875% £600 million subordinated notes 2058                                                                                                                                                                   594              594
6.875% €500 million subordinated notes 2038                                                                                                                                                                   444              427
12.000% £162 million subordinated notes 2021                                                                                                                                                                  202              213
8.250% £500 million subordinated notes 2022                                                                                                                                                                   581              598
6.625% £450 million subordinated notes 2041                                                                                                                                                                   448              448
7.875% $575 million undated subordinated notes                                                                                                                                                                437              494
6.125% €650 million subordinated notes 2043                                                                                                                                                                   575              552
3.875% €700 million subordinated notes 2044                                                                                                                                                                   618              593
5.125% £400 million subordinated notes 2050                                                                                                                                                                   394              394
3.375% €900 million subordinated notes 2045                                                                                                                                                                   789              758
4.500% C$450 million subordinated notes 2021                                                                                                                                                                  264              269
4.375% £400 million subordinated notes 2049                                                                                                                                                                   394              393
                                                                                                                                                                                                           7,230            7,222
Senior notes
0.100% €350 million senior notes 2018                                                                                                                                                                         310              298
0.625% €500 million senior notes 2023                                                                                                                                                                         441              424
                                                                                                                                                                                                              751              722
Commercial paper                                                                                                                                                                                              668              642
                                                                                                                                                                                                           8,649            8,586
Less: Amount held by Group companies                                                                                                                                                                            (9)                 (9)
Total                                                                                                                                                                                                      8,640            8,577

All the above borrowings are stated at amortised cost.

(ii) The contractual maturity dates of undiscounted cash flows for these borrowings are:
                                                                                                                                                                             2017                                              2016
                                                                                                                                       Principal         Interest           Total         Principal         Interest           Total
                                                                                                                                             £m               £m              £m                £m               £m             £m

Within one year                                                                                                                           978              427           1,405               642             426            1,068
1 to 5 years                                                                                                                              928            1,627           2,555               733           1,683            2,416
5 to 10 years                                                                                                                             444            1,759           2,203               927           1,769            2,696
10 to 15 years1                                                                                                                             -            1,756           1,756                 -           1,750            1,750
Over 15 years1                                                                                                                          6,216            3,282           9,498             6,163           3,499            9,662
Total contractual undiscounted cash flows                                                                                               8,566            8,851         17,417              8,465           9,127          17,592
1   Following a review of the treatment of undated subordinated debt we have reallocated £1,265 million of such instruments from the 10 to 15 years category to the Over 15 years category. As a result of this change prior year
    comparatives have been restated.


Borrowings are considered current if the contractual maturity dates are within a year. Where subordinated debt is undated or loan notes
are perpetual, the interest payments have not been included beyond 15 years. Annual interest payments in future years for these
borrowings are £82 million (2016: £82 million).
    Contractual undiscounted interest payments are calculated based on underlying fixed interest rates or prevailing market floating rates
as applicable. Year-end exchange rates have been used for interest projections on loans in foreign currencies.




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       192
                           Strategic report             Governance           IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements       Continued


49 – Borrowings continued
(c) Operational borrowings
(i) The carrying amounts of these borrowings are:
                                                                                                                                                                   2017              2016
                                                                                                                                                                    £m                £m

Amounts owed to financial institutions
Loans                                                                                                                                                             466                608
Securitised mortgage loan notes
UK lifetime mortgage business (note 24(b))                                                                                                                     1,180              1,110
Total                                                                                                                                                          1,646              1,718

All the above borrowings are stated at amortised cost, except for the loan notes issued in connection with the UK lifetime mortgage
business of £1,180 million (2016: £1,110 million). These loan notes are carried at fair value, their values are modelled on risk-adjusted cash
flows for defaults discounted at a risk-free rate plus a market-determined liquidity premium, and are therefore classified as ‘Level 3’ in the
fair value hierarchy. These have been designated at fair value through profit and loss in order to present the relevant mortgages, borrowings
and derivative financial instruments at fair value, since they are managed as a portfolio on a fair value basis. This presentation provides
more relevant information and eliminates any accounting mismatch.
     The securitised mortgage loan notes are at various fixed, floating and index-linked rates. Further details about these notes are given in
note 24.

(ii) The contractual maturity dates of undiscounted cash flows for these borrowings are:
                                                                                                                                    2017                                             2016
                                                                                            Principal         Interest             Total      Principal         Interest             Total
                                                                                                  £m               £m                £m             £m               £m               £m
Within one year                                                                                174                52              226            45                 60              105
1 to 5 years                                                                                   547               202              749           469                246              715
5 to 10 years                                                                                  548               178              726           555                269              824
10 to 15 years                                                                                 325               140              465           666                128              794
Over 15 years                                                                                  208               144              352           448                113              561
Total contractual undiscounted cash flows                                                    1,802               716            2,518         2,183                816            2,999

Contractual undiscounted interest payments are calculated based on underlying fixed interest rates or prevailing market floating rates as
applicable. Year-end exchange rates have been used for interest projections on loans in foreign currencies.

(d) Description and features
(i) Subordinated debt
A description of each of the subordinated notes is set out in the table below:
                                                                                                                                                       In the event the Company does not
                                                                                                        Callable at par at option of the      call the notes, the coupon will reset at each
Notional amount                                              Issue date          Redemption date                        Company from                               applicable reset date to

£700 million                                            14 Nov 2001              14 Nov 2036                   16 Nov 2026                   5 year Benchmark Gilt + 2.85%
£800 million                                            29 Sep 2003                  Undated                   29 Sep 2022                   5 year Benchmark Gilt + 2.40%
£600 million                                            20 May 2008              20 May 2058                   20 May 2038                          3 month LIBOR + 3.26%
€500 million                                            20 May 2008              22 May 2038                   22 May 2018                         3 month Euribor + 3.35%
£162 million                                            21 May 2009              21 May 2021                            N/A                                             N/A
£500 million                                           21 April 2011            21 April 2022                           N/A                                             N/A
£450 million                                            26 May 2011              3 June 2041                   3 June 2021                         6 Month LIBOR + 4.136%
$575 million                                       8 November 2012                   Undated              8 November 2018                  6 year USD mid-swaps + 6.828%
€650 million                                             5 July 2013              5 July 2043                   5 July 2023                 5 year EUR mid-swaps + 5.13%
€700 million                                             3 July 2014              3 July 2044                   3 July 2024                 5 year EUR mid-swaps + 3.48%
£400 million                                            4 June 2015              4 June 2050              4 December 2030                        3 month Euribor + 4.022%
€900 million                                            4 June 2015         4 December 2045               4 December 2025                          3 month Euribor + 3.55%
C$450 million                                            9 May 2016              10 May 2021                            N/A                                             N/A
£400 million                                     12 September 2016        12 September 2049             12 September 2029                          3 month LIBOR + 4.721%

Subordinated notes issued by the Company rank below its senior obligations and ahead of its preference shares and ordinary share capital.
The dated subordinated notes rank ahead of the undated subordinated notes. The fair value of notes at 31 December 2017 was £8,348
million (2016: £7,731 million), calculated with reference to quoted prices.

(ii) Senior notes
All senior notes are at fixed rates and their total fair value at 31 December 2017 was £756 million (2016: £720 million).

(iii) Commercial paper
The commercial paper consists of £668 million issued by the Company (2016: £642 million) and is considered core structural funding.
   The fair value of the commercial paper is considered to be the same as its carrying value and all issuances are repayable within one
year.




                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          193
                                          Strategic report                             Governance                      IFRS financial statements                          Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                     Continued


49 – Borrowings continued
(iv) Loans
Loans comprise:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2017             2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      £m               £m

Non-recourse
 Loans to property partnerships (see (a) below)                                                                                                                                                                      61                66
 UK Life reassurance (see (b) below)                                                                                                                                                                                111               131
 Other non-recourse loans (see (c) below)                                                                                                                                                                            58               193
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    230               390
Other loans (see (d) below)                                                                                                                                                                                         236               218
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    466               608

(a) As explained in accounting policy D, the UK long-term business policyholder funds have invested in a number of property funds and
structures (the ‘Property Funds’), some of which have raised external debt, secured on the relevant Property Fund’s property portfolio. The
lenders are only entitled to obtain payment of interest and principal to the extent there are sufficient resources in the relevant Property
Fund and they have no recourse whatsoever to the policyholder or shareholders’ funds of any companies in the Group. Loans of £61 million
(2016: £66 million) included in the table relate to those Property Funds which have been consolidated as subsidiaries.
(b) The UK long-term business entered into a financial reassurance agreement with Swiss Re in 2008, under which up-front payments are
received from Swiss Re in return for 90% of future surpluses arising. The loan will be repaid as profits emerge on the business.
(c) Other non-recourse loans primarily include external debt raised by special purpose vehicles in the UK long-term business. The lenders
have no recourse whatsoever to the shareholders’ funds of any companies in the Group.
(d) Other loans include external debt raised by overseas long-term businesses to fund operations.

(v) Securitised mortgage loan notes
Loan notes have been issued by special purpose securitisation companies in the UK. Details are given in note 24.

(e) Movements during the year
Movements in borrowings during the year were:
                                                                                                                                                                                  2017                                                2016
                                                                                                                                               Core                                                 Core
                                                                                                                                          Structural     Operational              Total        Structural     Operational             Total
                                                                                                                                                 £m              £m                 £m               £m               £m               £m

New borrowings drawn down, excluding commercial paper, net of expenses                                                                          —                55               55            1,372               148            1,520
Repayment of borrowings, excluding commercial paper1                                                                                          (488)            (151)            (639)            (320)               (56)           (376)
Movement in commercial paper2                                                                                                                   —                —                —                42                 —               42
Net cash inflow/(outflow)                                                                                                                     (488)             (96)            (584)           1,094                92            1,186
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                                104              (17)              87              574                33              607
Borrowings reclassified/(loans repaid) for non-cash consideration1                                                                             484              (13)              471               —                —                 —
Fair value movements                                                                                                                            —               108              108                —              (220)            (220)
Amortisation of discounts and other non-cash items                                                                                             (37)             (16)             (53)              (34)             (16)              (50)
Movements in debt held by Group companies3                                                                                                      —               (38)             (38)               31              (29)                2
Movements in the year                                                                                                                          63              (72)             (9)             1,665              (140)           1,525
Balance at 1 January                                                                                                                        8,577            1,718          10,295              6,912             1,858            8,770
Balance at 31 December                                                                                                                      8,640            1,646          10,286              8,577             1,718          10,295
1   On 28 September 2017, notification was given that the Group would redeem the $650 million fixed rate tier 1 notes. At that date, the instrument was reclassified as a financial liability of £484 million, representing its fair value
    on translation into Sterling at that date. On 3 November 2017 the instrument was redeemed in full at a cost of £488 million. See note 34 for further details.
2   Gross issuances of commercial paper were £1,265 million in 2017 (2016: £2,006 million), offset by repayments of £1,265 million (2016: £1,964 million).
3   Certain subsidiary companies have purchased issued subordinated notes and securitised loan notes as part of their investment portfolios. In the consolidated statement of financial position, borrowings are shown net of
    these holdings but movements in such holdings over the year are reflected in the tables above.


All movements in fair value in 2016 and 2017 on securitised mortgage loan notes designated as fair value through profit or loss were
attributable to changes in market conditions.

(f) Undrawn borrowings
The Group has the following undrawn committed central borrowing facilities available to them, which are used to support the commercial
paper programme:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2017             2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      £m               £m

Expiring within one year                                                                                                                                                                                            —                 —
Expiring beyond one year                                                                                                                                                                                         1,650             1,650
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1,650             1,650




                                                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                         194
                            Strategic report              Governance          IFRS financial statements    Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements          Continued


50 – Payables and other financial liabilities
This note analyses our payables and other financial liabilities at the end of the year.
                                                                                                                                     2017        2016
                                                                                                                                      £m          £m

Payables arising out of direct insurance                                                                                           1,276       1,201
Payables arising out of reinsurance operations                                                                                       304         263
Deposits and advances received from reinsurers                                                                                       129         150
Bank overdrafts (see below)                                                                                                          499         558
Derivative liabilities (note 57)                                                                                                   5,766       6,795
Amounts due to brokers for investment purchases                                                                                      112          64
Obligations for repayment of cash collateral received                                                                              6,817       7,433
Other financial liabilities                                                                                                        1,598       1,296
Total                                                                                                                             16,501     17,760
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                                             (42)        (9)
                                                                                                                                  16,459     17,751
Expected to be settled within one year                                                                                            11,460     12,016
Expected to be settled in more than one year                                                                                       5,041      5,744
                                                                                                                                  16,501     17,760

Bank overdrafts amount to £115 million (2016: £69 million) in life business operations and £384 million (2016: £489 million) in general
insurance business and other operations.
    All payables and other financial liabilities are carried at cost, which approximates to fair value, except for derivative liabilities, which are
carried at their fair values.

51 – Other liabilities
This note analyses our other liabilities at the end of the year.
                                                                                                                                     2017        2016
                                                                                                                                      £m          £m

Deferred income                                                                                                                      133         131
Reinsurers’ share of deferred acquisition costs                                                                                       17          14
Accruals                                                                                                                           1,236       1,144
Other liabilities                                                                                                                  1,440       1,431
Total                                                                                                                              2,826       2,720
Less: Amounts classified as held for sale                                                                                             (35)        (1)
                                                                                                                                   2,791       2,719
Expected to be settled within one year                                                                                             2,276       2,015
Expected to be settled in more than one year                                                                                         550         705
                                                                                                                                   2,826       2,720


52 – Contingent liabilities and other risk factors
This note sets out the main areas of uncertainty over the calculation of our liabilities.

(a) Uncertainty over claims provisions
Note 40 gives details of the estimation techniques used by the Group to determine the general insurance business outstanding claims
provisions and of the methodology and assumptions used in determining the long-term business provisions. These approaches are
designed to allow for the appropriate cost of policy-related liabilities, with a degree of prudence, to give a result within the normal range of
outcomes. However, the actual cost of settling these liabilities may differ, for example because experience may be worse than that
assumed, or future general insurance business claims inflation may differ from that expected, and hence there is uncertainty in respect of
these liabilities.

(b) Asbestos, pollution and social environmental hazards
In the course of conducting insurance business, various companies within the Group receive general insurance liability claims, and become
involved in actual or threatened related litigation arising therefrom, including claims in respect of pollution and other environmental
hazards. Amongst these are claims in respect of asbestos production and handling in various jurisdictions, including Europe, Canada and
Australia. Given the significant delays that are experienced in the notification of these claims, the potential number of incidents they cover
and the uncertainties associated with establishing liability, the ultimate cost cannot be determined with certainty. However, on the basis of
current information having regard to the level of provisions made for general insurance claims and substantial reinsurance cover now in
place, the directors consider that any additional costs arising are not likely to have a material impact on the financial position of the Group.




                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            195
                           Strategic report           Governance          IFRS financial statements      Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements     Continued


52 – Contingent liabilities and other risk factors continued
(c) Guarantees on long-term savings products
As a normal part of their operating activities, various Group companies have given guarantees and options, including interest rate
guarantees, in respect of certain long-term insurance and investment products. Note 42 gives details of these guarantees and options. In
providing these guarantees and options, the Group’s capital position is sensitive to fluctuations in financial variables including foreign
currency exchange rates, interest rates, property values and equity prices. Interest rate guaranteed returns, such as those available on
guaranteed annuity options, are sensitive to interest rates falling below the guaranteed level. Other guarantees, such as maturity value
guarantees and guarantees in relation to minimum rates of return, are sensitive to fluctuations in the investment return below the level
assumed when the guarantee was made. The directors continue to believe that the existing provisions for such guarantees and options are
sufficient.

(d) Regulatory compliance
The Group’s insurance and investment business is subject to local regulation in each of the countries in which it operates. A number of the
Group’s UK subsidiaries are dual regulated (directly authorised by both the PRA (for prudential regulation) and the FCA (for conduct
regulation) while others are solo regulated (regulated solely by the FCA for both prudential and conduct regulation). Between them, the
PRA and FCA have broad powers including the authority to grant, vary the terms of, or cancel a regulated firm’s authorisation; to investigate
marketing and sales practices; and to require the maintenance of adequate financial resources. The Group’s regulators outside the UK
typically have similar powers, but in some cases they also operate a system of ‘prior product approval’.
    The Group’s regulated businesses have compliance resources to respond to regulatory enquiries in a constructive way, and take
corrective action when warranted. However, all regulated financial services companies face the risk that their regulator could find that they
have failed to comply with applicable regulations or have not undertaken corrective action as required.
    The impact of any such finding (whether in the UK or overseas) could have a negative impact on the Group’s reported results or on its
relations with current and potential customers. Regulatory action against a member of the Group could result in adverse publicity for, or
negative perceptions regarding, the Group, or could have a material adverse effect on the business of the Group, its results, operations
and/or financial condition and divert management’s attention from the day-to-day management of the business.

(e) Structured settlements
The Company has purchased annuities from licensed Canadian life insurers to provide for fixed and recurring payments to claimants. As a
result of these arrangements, the Company is exposed to credit risk to the extent that any of the life insurers fail to fulfill their obligations.
The Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk for these types of arrangements is approximately CAD$1,213 million as at 31 December
2017 (2016: CAD$1,181 million). Credit risk is managed by acquiring annuities from a diverse portfolio of life insurers with proven financial
stability. This risk is reduced to the extent of coverage provided by Assuris, the Canadian life insurance industry compensation plan. As at 31
December 2017, no information has come to the Company’s attention that would suggest any weakness or failure in life insurers from
which it has purchased annuities and consequently no provision for credit risk is required.

(f) Other
In the course of conducting insurance and investment business, various Group companies receive liability claims, and become involved in
actual or threatened related litigation. In the opinion of the directors, adequate provisions have been established for such claims and no
material loss will arise in this respect.
     In addition, in line with standard business practice, various Group companies have given guarantees, indemnities and warranties in
connection with disposals in recent years of subsidiaries and associates to parties outside the Aviva Group. In the opinion of the directors,
no material unprovisioned loss will arise in respect of these guarantees, indemnities and warranties.
     There are a number of charges registered over the assets of Group companies in favour of other Group companies or third parties. In
addition, certain of the Company’s assets are charged in favour of certain of its subsidiaries as security for intra-Group loans.
     The Group’s insurance subsidiaries pay contributions to levy schemes in several countries in which we operate. Given the economic
environment, there is a heightened risk that the levy contributions will need to be increased to protect policyholders if an insurance
company falls into financial difficulties. The directors continue to monitor the situation but are not aware of any need to increase provisions
at the statement of financial position date.




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        196
                                        Strategic report                            Governance                     IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                  Continued


53 – Commitments
This note gives details of our commitments to capital expenditure and under operating leases.

(a) Capital commitments
Contractual commitments for acquisitions or capital expenditures of infrastructure loans, equity funds, investment property and property
and equipment, which have not been recognised in the financial statements, are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                             2017     2016
                                                                                                                                                                                              £m       £m
                                         1
Infrastructure loan advances                                                                                                                                                                782      516
Investment property                                                                                                                                                                          42       46
Property and equipment                                                                                                                                                                       53       37
Other investment vehicles2                                                                                                                                                                  265      202
                                                                                                                                                                                           1,142     801
1   Additional capital commitments in relation to infrastructure loans of £516 million were identified in UK Life at 31 December 2016, prior year comparatives have been restated.
2   Represents commitments for further investment in certain private equity vehicles. Such commitments do not expose the Group to the risk of future losses in excess of its investment.


Contractual obligations for future repairs and maintenance on investment properties are £nil (2016: £nil). Notes 18 and 19 set out the
commitments the Group has to its joint ventures and associates.

(b) Operating lease commitments
(i) Future contractual aggregate minimum lease rentals receivable under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                             2017     2016
                                                                                                                                                                                              £m       £m

Within 1 year                                                                                                                                                                                317      335
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years                                                                                                                                                 980    1,027
Later than 5 years                                                                                                                                                                         1,408    1,326
                                                                                                                                                                                           2,705    2,688

(ii) Future contractual aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                             2017     2016
                                                                                                                                                                                              £m       £m

Within 1 year                                                                                                                                                                               101      103
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years                                                                                                                                                339      336
Later than 5 years                                                                                                                                                                          413      423
                                                                                                                                                                                            853      862
Total future minimum sub-lease payments expected to be received under non-cancellable sub-leases                                                                                              44      44




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      197
                                       Strategic report                           Governance                    IFRS financial statements     Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                Continued


54 – Group capital management
(a) Introduction
Group capital is represented by Solvency II Own Funds1. At 31 December 2017, the estimated Solvency II Own Funds (shareholder view)
amounts to £24.7 billion (31 December 2016: £24.0 billion). This excludes the contribution to Group Own Funds of fully ring fenced with-
profits funds of £3.3 billion (31 December 2016: £2.9 billion) and staff pension schemes in surplus of £1.5 billion (31 December 2016: £1.1
billion). These exclusions have no impact on Solvency II surplus. The most material fully ring fenced with-profit funds and staff pension
schemes are self-supporting on a Solvency II capital basis with any surplus capital above Solvency Capital Requirements (‘SCR’) not
recognised in the Group position. The shareholder view is considered by Management to be more representative of the shareholders’ risk
exposure and the Group’s ability to cover the SCR with eligible own funds.
     The Solvency II Own Funds is shown inclusive of pro forma adjustments to align it with the capital information presented to
management internally. This represents a change from the prior year presentation when such adjustments were excluded. Pro forma
adjustments are made when, in the opinion of the Directors, the cover ratio does not fully reflect the effect of transactions or capital actions
that are known as at each reporting date. Such adjustments may be required in respect of planned acquisitions and disposals, group
reorganisations and adjustments to the Solvency II valuation basis arising from changes to the underlying Regulations or updated
interpretations provided by EIOPA.
     The 31 December 2017 Solvency II Own Funds position includes the net pro forma impact arising from the disposals of Friends
Provident International Limited and the Italian joint venture Avipop Assicurazioni S.p.A, which is £nil.
     The 31 December 2016 Solvency II Own Funds position includes the pro forma impacts of £0.1 billion in relation to the disposal of
Aviva’s 50% shareholding in Antarius to Sogecap, which completed on 5 April 2017, and a then anticipated future change to UK tax rules
restricting the tax relief that could be claimed in respect of tax losses announced in the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s Autumn statement of
23 November 2016, which has been removed in 2017 following a clarification in the 13 July 2017 Finance Bill.
      The Solvency II risk margin is highly sensitive to movements in interest rates, which can be offset by a rest in the transitional measure
on technical provisions (‘TMTP’). The 31 December 2016 Solvency II position disclosed includes a notional reset of the TMTP to reflect
interest rates at 31 December 2016 of £0.4 billion. This presentation is consistent with the Group’s approach to manage its capital position
assuming a dynamic TMTP in respect of interest rate movements on the risk margin, as this avoids step changes to the Solvency II position
that arise only when the formal TMTP reset points are triggered. The estimated 31 December 2017 Solvency II position includes an
estimated reset of the TMTP in line with the regulatory requirement to reset the TMTP every two years. The TMTP is amortised on a straight-
line basis over 16 years from 1 January 2016 in line with the Solvency II rules.
     Own Funds are comprised of a combination of shareholders’ funds, preference share capital, direct capital instrument, tier 1 notes,
subordinated debt, and deferred tax assets measured on a Solvency II basis. Refer to note 54(b) for further details on Solvency II.
     Management also considers a capital employed metric prepared on an IFRS basis in managing capital and measuring business unit
performance. The total capital employed comprises of similar items to Own Funds but measured in accordance with IFRS and includes
senior debt. In particular, analysis of return on equity calculated based on the capital employed has been used as one of the inputs to
Management’s decision making process for capital allocation purposes.
     The primary objective of capital management is to maintain an efficient capital structure, in a manner consistent with our risk profile
and the regulatory and market requirements of our business.
     Capital is a primary consideration across a wide range of business activities, including product development, pricing, business
planning, merger and acquisition transactions and asset & liability management. A Capital Management Standard, applicable group-wide,
sets out minimum standards and guidelines over responsibility for capital management including considerations for capital management
decisions and requirements for management information, capital monitoring, reporting, forecasting, planning and overall governance.
1   Own funds is capital available to cover the Solvency capital requirement (SCR) and Minimum Capital Requirement (MCR) under Solvency II.




                                                                                 Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                    198
                                          Strategic report                               Governance                      IFRS financial statements                          Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                      Continued


54 – Group capital management continued
The Group manages capital in conjunction with solvency capital requirements, and seeks to; on a consistent basis:
• Match the profile of our assets and liabilities, taking into account the risks inherent in each business;
• Maintain sufficient, but not excessive, financial strength in accordance with risk appetite, to support new business growth and satisfy the
  requirements of our regulators and other stakeholders giving both our customers and shareholders assurance of our financial strength.
  Refer to note 56 for more information about the Group’s risk management approach;
• Retain financial flexibility by maintaining strong liquidity, access to a range of capital markets and significant unutilised committed credit
  lines;
• Allocate capital rigorously to support value adding growth and repatriate excess capital where appropriate; and
• Declare dividends with reference to factors including growth in cash flow and earnings.

(b) IFRS basis
In 2017, the Group maintained a strong capital position through a combination of increased profits and management actions contributing
to operating capital generation offset by hybrid debt repayment, share buy-back and dividend distributions.
    At 31 December 2017, total capital employed prepared on an IFRS basis amounted to £27.7 billion (2016: £28.1 billion). This comprises:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                2017 Capital      2016 Capital
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  employed          employed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        £m                £m

Equity shareholders' funds                                                                                                                                                                                        16,969             16,803
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                                                                          1,235              1,425
Direct capital instrument & tier 1 notes                                                                                                                                                                             731              1,123
Preference shares                                                                                                                                                                                                    200                200
Subordinated debt1                                                                                                                                                                                                 7,221              7,213
Senior debt                                                                                                                                                                                                        1,419              1,364
Total capital employed2                                                                                                                                                                                           27,775             28,128
1   Subordinated debt excludes amounts held by Group companies of £9 million (2016: £9 million).
2   Goodwill, AVIF and other intangibles are maintained within the capital base. Goodwill includes goodwill in subsidiaries of £1,876 million (2016: £2,045 million), goodwill in joint ventures of £17 million (2016: £20 million) and
    goodwill in associates of £nil (2016: £47 million). AVIF and other intangibles comprise £3,456 million (2016: £5,468 million) of intangibles in subsidiaries, £40 million (2016: £72 million) of intangibles in joint ventures and £nil
    million (2016: £18 million) of intangibles in associates, net of deferred tax liabilities of £(721) million (2016: £(783) million) and the non-controlling interest share of intangibles of £(222) million (2016: £(226) million).


The decrease in the capital employed is primarily driven by the decrease in direct capital instrument & tier 1 notes as a result of the
redemption of the Group’s $650 million tier 1 notes in full at the first call date on 3 November 2017 and the decrease in non-controlling
interests mainly resulting from the sale of Antarius in April 2017 and Spanish operations in September 2017 (see note 3(b)(i) and (iii)).
    To support value adding growth by efficient capital allocation, the Group continued to reallocate capital from businesses where the
capital returns were low; for example the Group withdrew capital from France and Spain (see note 3(b)(i) and (iii)).

(c) Solvency II basis
Solvency II is the Europe-wide prudential regulatory framework that came into force on 1 January 2016 and put in place a consistent
solvency framework for insurers across Europe. This capital regime requires insurers to calculate regulatory capital adequacy at both
individual regulated subsidiaries and an aggregate Group level. Non-EEA entities have been included in Group solvency in line with
Solvency II requirements. Other financial sector entities (including fund management) are included at their proportional share of the capital
requirement according to the relevant sectoral values.
     Solvency II surplus at the Group level represents the excess of the aggregate value of capital employed in our business over the
aggregate solvency capital requirements calculated in accordance with Solvency II requirements. The Group maintained capital in excess of
the Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) at all times during 2017. Further information on the Group’s Solvency II position, including details
of available capital resources and solvency surplus, determined using the shareholder’s view of Solvency II and including pro forma
adjustments, can be found in other information section. This information is estimated and is therefore subject to change. It is also
unaudited.
     In addition, non-EEA businesses including Canada, Hong Kong and Singapore, are subject to the locally applicable capital requirements
in the jurisdictions in which they operate.
     All regulated subsidiaries complied with their capital requirements throughout the year.




                                                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                          199
                                Strategic report          Governance           IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements          Continued


55 – Statement of cash flows
This note gives further detail behind the figures in the statement of cash flows.

(a) The reconciliation of profit before tax to the net cash inflow from operating activities is:
                                                                                                                                   2017       2016
                                                                                                                                    £m         £m

Profit before tax                                                                                                               2,374      1,833
Adjustments for:
Share of profits of joint ventures and associates                                                                                  (41)     (216)
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                                                                               51        66
(Profit)/loss on sale of:
  Investment property                                                                                                              (30)       (56)
  Property and equipment                                                                                                            —          —
  Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                                                     (135)        11
  Investments                                                                                                                   (6,711)    (1,525)
                                                                                                                                (6,876)    (1,570)
Fair value (gains)/losses on:
  Investment property                                                                                                             (481)       129
  Investments                                                                                                                   (6,983)   (19,209)
  Borrowings                                                                                                                       108       (220)
                                                                                                                                (7,356)   (19,300)
Depreciation of property and equipment                                                                                              35         25
Equity compensation plans, equity settled expense                                                                                   77         38
Impairment and expensing of:
  Goodwill on subsidiaries                                                                                                           2         —
  Financial investments, loans and other assets                                                                                      6         —
  Acquired value of in-force business and intangibles                                                                               15         14
  Non-financial assets                                                                                                               7         —
                                                                                                                                    30         14
Amortisation of:
 Premium/discount on debt securities                                                                                              720        648
 Premium/discount on borrowings                                                                                                   (53)        (50)
 Premium/discount on non-participating investment contracts                                                                       262        284
 Financial instruments                                                                                                             26          25
 Acquired value of in-force business and intangibles                                                                              392        410
                                                                                                                                1,347      1,317
Change in unallocated divisible surplus                                                                                          (294)       381
Interest expense on borrowings                                                                                                    610        593
Net finance income on pension schemes                                                                                             (63)        (73)
Foreign currency exchange gains                                                                                                    61       (405)

Changes in working capital
(Increase)/decrease in reinsurance assets                                                                                      12,707      (4,736)
(Increase)/decrease in deferred acquisition costs                                                                                (389)         (96)
Increase/(decrease) in insurance liabilities and investment contracts                                                          13,658     22,434
Decrease/(increase) in other assets                                                                                             2,174       3,643
                                                                                                                               28,150     21,245
Net sales/(purchases) of operating assets
Net (purchases) of investment property                                                                                            (672)     (722)
Net proceeds on sale of investment property                                                                                      1,065     1,460
Net (purchases)/sales of financial investments                                                                                 (10,137)      708
                                                                                                                                (9,744)    1,446
Total cash generated from operating activities                                                                                  8,361      5,394

The cash flows presented in this statement cover all the Group’s activities and include flows from both policyholder and shareholder
activities. Operating cash flows reflect the movement in both policyholder and shareholder controlled cash and cash equivalent balances.
    During the year the net operating cash inflow reflects a number of factors, including the level of premium income, payments of claims,
creditors and surrenders and purchases and sales of operating assets including financial investments. It also includes changes in the size
and value of consolidated cash investment funds and changes in the Group participation in these funds.

(b) Cash flows in respect of, and additions to, the acquisition of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates comprised:
                                                                                                                                   2017       2016
                                                                                                                                    £m         £m

Cash consideration for subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates acquired and additions                                           32       458
Less: Cash and cash equivalents acquired with subsidiaries                                                                         (57)       (26)
Total cash flow on acquisitions and additions                                                                                      (25)      432




                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            200
                           Strategic report               Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements          Continued


55 – Statement of cash flows continued
(c) Cash flows in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates comprised:
                                                                                                                                 2017      2016
                                                                                                                                  £m        £m

Cash proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                       861        94
Less: Net cash and cash equivalents divested with subsidiaries                                                                  (910)      (52)
Total cash flow on disposals                                                                                                     (49)       42

The above figures form part of cash flows from investing activities.

(d) Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows at 31 December comprised:
                                                                                                                                 2017      2016
                                                                                                                                  £m        £m

Cash at bank and in hand                                                                                                       6,293     5,049
Cash equivalents                                                                                                              37,793    33,914
                                                                                                                              44,086    38,963
Bank overdrafts                                                                                                                 (499)     (558)
                                                                                                                              43,587    38,405

Cash and cash equivalents reconciles to the statement of financial position as follows:
                                                                                                                                 2017      2016
                                                                                                                                  £m        £m

Cash and cash equivalents (excluding bank overdrafts)                                                                         44,086    38,963
Less: Assets classified as held for sale                                                                                        (739)     (255)
                                                                                                                              43,347    38,708

56 – Risk management
This note sets out the major risks our businesses and our shareholders face and describes the Group’s approach to managing these. It also
gives sensitivity analyses around the major economic and non-economic assumptions that can cause volatility in the Group’s earnings and
capital position.

(a) Risk management framework
The risk management framework in Aviva forms an integral part of the management and Board processes and decision-making framework
across the Group. The key elements of our risk management framework comprise risk appetite; risk governance, including risk policies and
business standards, risk oversight committees and roles and responsibilities; and the processes we use to identify, measure, manage,
monitor and report risks, including the use of our risk models and stress and scenario testing.
     For the purposes of risk identification and measurement, and aligned to Aviva’s risk policies, risks are usually grouped by risk type:
credit, market, liquidity, life insurance (including long-term health), general insurance (including short-term health), asset management and
operational risk. Risks falling within these types may affect a number of metrics including those relating to balance sheet strength, liquidity
and profit. They may also affect the performance of the products we deliver to our customers and the service to our customers and
distributors, which can be categorised as risks to our brand and reputation or as conduct risk.
     To promote a consistent and rigorous approach to risk management across all businesses we have a set of risk policies and business
standards which set out the risk strategy, appetite, framework and minimum requirements for the Group’s worldwide operations. The
business chief executive officers make an annual declaration supported by an opinion from the business chief risk officers that the system
of governance and internal controls was effective and fit for purpose for their business throughout the year.
     A regular top-down key risk identification and assessment process is carried out by the risk function. This includes the consideration of
emerging risks and is supported by deeper thematic reviews. This process is replicated at the business unit level. The risk assessment
processes are used to generate risk reports which are shared with the relevant risk committees.
     Risk models are an important tool in our measurement of risks and are used to support the monitoring and reporting of the risk profile
and in the consideration of the risk management actions available. We carry out a range of stress (where one risk factor, such as equity
returns, is assumed to vary) and scenario (where combinations of risk factors are assumed to vary) tests to evaluate their impact on the
business and the management actions available to respond to the conditions envisaged. For those risk types managed through the holding
of capital, being our principal risk types except for liquidity risk, we measure and monitor our risk profile on the basis of the Solvency II
solvency capital requirement.
     Roles and responsibilities for risk management in Aviva are based around the ‘three lines of defence model’ where ownership for risk is
taken at all levels in the Group. Line management in the business is accountable for risk management, including the implementation of the
risk management framework and embedding of the risk culture. The risk function is accountable for quantitative and qualitative oversight
and challenge of the risk identification, measurement, monitoring, management and reporting processes and for developing the risk
management framework. Internal Audit provides an independent assessment of the risk framework and internal control processes.
     Board oversight of risk and risk management across the Group is maintained on a regular basis through its Risk Committee and
Governance Committee. The Board has overall responsibility for determining risk appetite, which is an expression of the risk the business is
willing to take. Risk appetites are set relative to capital and liquidity at Group and in the business units.




                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            201
                                        Strategic report                           Governance                    IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                 Continued


56 – Risk management continued
    Risk appetites, requiring management action if breached, are also set for interest rate and foreign exchange risk (calculated on the basis
of the Solvency II solvency capital requirement), and liquidity risk (based on stressing forecast central liquid assets and cash inflows and
outflows over a specified time horizon). For other risk types the Group sets Solvency II capital tolerances. The Group’s position against risk
appetite and capital tolerances is monitored and reported to the Board on a regular basis. Long-term sustainability depends upon the
protection of franchise value and good customer relationships. As such, Aviva has a risk preference that we will not accept risks that
materially impair the reputation of the Group and requires that customers are always treated with integrity. The oversight of risk and risk
management at the Group level is supported by the Asset Liability Committee, which focuses on business and financial risks, and the
Operational Risk Committee which focuses on operational and reputational risks. Similar committee structures with equivalent terms of
reference exist in the business units.
    The risk management framework of a small number of our joint ventures and strategic equity holdings differs from the Aviva framework
outlined in this note. We work with these entities to understand how their risks are managed and to align them, where possible, with Aviva’s
framework.
    Further information on the types and management of specific risk types is given in sections (b) to (j) below.

(b) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss as a result of the default or failure of third parties to meet their payment obligations to Aviva, or
variations in market values as a result of changes in expectations related to these risks. Credit risk is taken so that we can provide the
returns required to satisfy policyholder liabilities and to generate returns for our shareholders. In general we prefer to take credit risk over
equity and property risks, due to the better expected risk adjusted return, our credit risk analysis capability and the structural investment
advantages conferred to insurers with long-dated, relatively illiquid liabilities.
    Our approach to managing credit risk recognises that there is a risk of adverse financial impact resulting from fluctuations in credit
quality of third parties including default, rating transition and credit spread movements. Our credit risks arise principally through exposures
to debt security investments, structured asset investments, bank deposits, derivative counterparties, mortgage lending and reinsurance
counterparties.
    The Group manages its credit risk at business unit and Group level. All business units are required to implement credit risk
management processes (including limits frameworks), operate specific risk management committees, and ensure detailed reporting and
monitoring of their exposures against pre-established risk criteria. At Group level, we manage and monitor all exposures across our
business units on a consolidated basis, and operate a Group limit framework that must be adhered to by all.
    A detailed breakdown of the Group’s current credit exposure by credit quality is shown below.

(i) Financial exposures by credit ratings
Financial assets are graded according to current external credit ratings issued. AAA is the highest possible rating. Investment grade financial
assets are classified within the range of AAA to BBB ratings. Financial assets which fall outside this range are classified as sub-investment
grade. The following table provides information regarding the aggregated credit risk exposure of the Group for financial assets with external
credit ratings. ‘Not rated’ assets capture assets not rated by external ratings agencies.
                                                                                                                                                                               Carrying value Less: Amounts
                                                                                                                                                                               including held   classified as
                                                                                                                                                                                      for sale  held for sale Carrying value
As at 31 December 2017                                                                  AAA               AA                A            BBB       Below BBB         Not rated             £m             £m             £m

Debt securities                                                                    10.6%           32.5%            20.0%           23.3%             7.8%            5.8%         175,948             (1,140) 174,808
Reinsurance assets                                                                     —           87.3%             8.2%            1.9%                —            2.6%          13,615               (123) 13,492
Other investments                                                                      —            0.2%             0.3%            0.1%                —           99.4%          53,277             (6,971) 46,306
Loans                                                                                  —            7.1%                —               —                —           92.9%          27,863                 (6) 27,857
Total                                                                                                                                                                              270,703             (8,240) 262,463

                                                                                                                                                                                 Carrying value    Less: Amounts
                                                                                                                                                                                 including held      classified as
                                                                                                                                                                                        for sale     held for sale   Carrying value
As at 31 December 20161                                                                 AAA               AA                A            BBB       Below BBB         Not rated               £m                £m               £m
Debt securities                                                                    11.8%            33.4%           19.0%            23.9%             6.0%           5.9%          186,708             (7,738)        178,970
Reinsurance assets                                                                     —            92.0%            6.3%             0.1%                —           1.6%           26,754               (411)         26,343
Other investments                                                                      —             0.2%            0.6%                —                —          99.2%           51,127             (2,304)         48,823
Loans                                                                                  —             8.0%               —             0.1%                —          91.9%           24,859                (75)         24,784
Total                                                                                                                                                                               289,448           (10,528)         278,920
1   Following a review of the Group’s investment classifications, comparative amounts in respect of unit trusts and other investment vehicles and equity and debt securities have been amended from those previously reported.
    Refer to note 26 for further details of this adjustment and the financial statement impact arising.


The majority of non-rated debt securities within shareholder assets are held by our businesses in the UK. Of these securities most are
allocated an internal rating using a methodology largely consistent with that adopted by an external rating agency, and are considered to
be of investment grade credit quality; these include £2.0 billion (2016: £2.3 billion) of debt securities held in our UK Life business,
predominantly made up of private placements and other corporate bonds, which have been internally rated as investment grade.
     The Group continues to hold a series of macro credit hedges to reduce the overall credit risk exposure. The Group’s maximum exposure
to credit risk of financial assets, without taking collateral or these hedges into account, is represented by the carrying value of the financial
instruments in the statement of financial position. These comprise debt securities, reinsurance assets, derivative assets, loans and
receivables. The carrying values of these assets are disclosed in the relevant notes: financial investments (note 26), reinsurance assets (note
43), loans (note 23) and receivables (note 27). The collateral in place for these credit exposures is disclosed in note 58; Financial assets and
liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements.
     To the extent that collateral held is greater than the amount receivable that it is securing, the table above shows only an amount equal
to the latter. In the event of default, any over-collateralised security would be returned to the relevant counterparty.


                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     202
                            Strategic report         Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements     Continued


56 – Risk management continued
(ii) Financial exposures to peripheral European countries and worldwide banks
Included in our debt securities and other financial assets are exposures to peripheral European countries and worldwide banks. We
continued in 2017 to limit our direct shareholder and participating assets exposure to the governments (including local authorities and
agencies) and banks of Greece, Portugal, Italy and Spain. Information on our exposures to peripheral European sovereigns and banks is
provided in notes 26(e) and 26(f). We continue to review whether the restrictions on investment in place since late 2009 can be relaxed,
given the improved economic situation in these economies.

(iii) Other investments
Other investments (including assets of operations classified as held for sale) include unit trusts and other investment vehicles; derivative
financial instruments, representing positions to mitigate the impact of adverse market movements; and other assets includes deposits with
credit institutions and minority holdings in property management undertakings.
    The credit quality of the underlying debt securities within investment vehicles is managed by the safeguards built into the investment
mandates for these funds which determine the funds’ risk profiles. At the Group level, we also monitor the asset quality of unit trusts and
other investment vehicles against Group set limits.
    A proportion of the assets underlying these investments are represented by equities and so credit ratings are not generally applicable.
Equity exposures are managed against agreed benchmarks that are set with reference to overall appetite for market risk.

(iv) Loans
The Group loan portfolio principally comprises:
• Policy loans which are generally collateralised by a lien or charge over the underlying policy;
• Loans and advances to banks which primarily relate to loans of cash collateral received in stock lending transactions. These loans are
  fully collateralised by other securities;
• Healthcare, infrastructure and PFI loans secured against healthcare, education, social housing and emergency services related premises;
  and
• Mortgage loans collateralised by property assets.

We use loan to value; interest and debt service cover; and diversity and quality of the tenant base metrics to internally monitor our
exposures to mortgage loans. We use credit quality, based on dynamic market measures, and collateralisation rules to manage our stock
lending activities. Policy loans are loans and advances made to policyholders, and are collateralised by the underlying policies.

(v) Credit concentration risk
The long-term and general insurance businesses are generally not individually exposed to significant concentrations of credit risk due to
the regulations applicable in most markets and the Group credit policy and limits framework, which limit investments in individual assets
and asset classes. Credit concentrations are monitored as part of the regular credit monitoring process and are reported to Group ALCO.
With the exception of government bonds the largest aggregated counterparty exposure within shareholder assets (i.e. excluding potential
exposures arising from reinsurance of unit-linked funds) is to the Swiss Reinsurance Company Limited (including subsidiaries), representing
approximately 2.3% of the total shareholder assets.

(vi) Reinsurance credit exposures
The Group is exposed to concentrations of risk with individual reinsurers due to the nature of the reinsurance market and the restricted
range of reinsurers that have acceptable credit ratings. The Group operates a policy to manage its reinsurance counterparty exposures, by
limiting the reinsurers that may be used and applying strict limits to each reinsurer. Reinsurance exposures are aggregated with other
exposures to ensure that the overall risk is within appetite. The Group Capital and Group Risk teams have an active monitoring role with
escalation to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Chief Risk Officer (CRO), Group ALCO and the Board Risk Committee as appropriate.
    The Group’s largest reinsurance counterparty is BlackRock Life Ltd (including subsidiaries) as a result of the BlackRock funds offered to
UK Life customers via unit-linked contracts. At 31 December 2017, the reinsurance asset recoverable, including debtor balances, from
BlackRock Life Ltd was £5,307 million (2016: £17,087 million), a significant reduction in exposure as a result of action taken to restructure the
agreements with BlackRock Life Ltd, and will be further significantly reduced during 2018.

(vii) Securities finance
The Group has significant securities financing operations within the UK and smaller operations in some other businesses. The risks within
this activity are mitigated by collateralisation and minimum counterparty credit quality requirements.

(viii) Derivative credit exposures
The Group is exposed to counterparty credit risk through derivative trades. This risk is generally mitigated through holding collateral for
most trades. Residual exposures are captured within the Group’s credit management framework.

(ix) Unit-linked business
In unit-linked business the policyholder bears the direct market risk and credit risk on investment assets in the unit funds and the
shareholders’ exposure to credit risk is limited to the extent of the income arising from asset management charges based on the value of
assets in the fund.

(x) Impairment of financial assets
In assessing whether financial assets carried at amortised cost or classified as available for sale are impaired, due consideration is given to
the factors outlined in accounting policies (T) and (V). The following table provides information regarding the carrying value of financial
assets subject to impairment testing that have been impaired and the ageing of those assets that are past due but not impaired. The table
excludes assets carried at fair value through profit or loss and held for sale.


                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        203
                           Strategic report            Governance          IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements      Continued


56 – Risk management continued
                                                                                                  Financial assets that are past due but not impaired
                                                                                                                                                               Financial
                                                                           Neither past                                                                      assets that
                                                                               due nor                                       6 months–      Greater than      have been    Carrying
                                                                              impaired    0–3 months      3–6 months             1 year           1 year       impaired       value
At 31 December 2017                                                                 £m           £m              £m                 £m                £m             £m         £m

Debt securities                                                               1,726             —                  —                 —                —              —     1,726
Reinsurance assets                                                            7,521             —                  —                 —                —              —     7,521
Other investments                                                                 1             —                  —                 —                —              —         1
Loans                                                                         3,465             —                  —                 —                —              —     3,465
Receivables and other financial assets                                        8,185             78                 12                5                5              —     8,285

                                                                                                       Financial assets that are past due but not impaired
                                                                                                                                                              Financial
                                                                           Neither past                                                                      assets that
                                                                               due nor                                       6 months–       Greater than    have been     Carrying
                                                                              impaired    0–3 months      3–6 months             1 year            1 year     impaired       value
At 31 December 2016                                                                 £m           £m              £m                 £m                £m             £m         £m

Debt securities                                                                1,092             —                 —                 —                —              —     1,092
Reinsurance assets                                                             8,388             —                 —                 —                —              —     8,388
Other investments                                                                  1             —                 —                 —                —              —         1
Loans                                                                          3,501             —                 —                 —                —              —     3,501
Receivables and other financial assets                                         7,717             61                7                 8                1              —     7,794

Excluded from the tables above are financial and reinsurance assets carried at fair value through profit or loss that are not subject to
impairment testing, as follows: £174.2 billion of debt securities (2016: £185.6 billion), £53.3 billion of other investments (2016: £51.1 billion),
£24.4 billion of loans (2016: £21.3 billion) and £6.1 billion of reinsurance assets (2016: £18.4 billion).
    Where assets have been classed as ‘past due and impaired’, an analysis is made of the risk of default and a decision is made whether to
seek to mitigate the risk. There were no material financial assets that would have been past due or impaired had the terms not been
renegotiated.

(c) Market risk
Market risk is the risk of adverse financial impact resulting, directly or indirectly from fluctuations in interest rates, inflation, foreign currency
exchange rates, equity and property prices. Market risk arises in business units due to fluctuations in both the value of liabilities and the
value of investments held. At Group level, it also arises in relation to the overall portfolio of international businesses and in the value of
investment assets owned directly by the shareholders. We actively seek some market risks as part of our investment and product strategy.
However, we have limited appetite for interest rate risk as we do not believe it is adequately rewarded.
    The management of market risk is undertaken at business unit and at Group level. Businesses manage market risks locally using the
Group market risk framework and within local regulatory constraints. Group Capital is responsible for monitoring and managing market risk
at Group level and has established criteria for matching assets and liabilities to limit the impact of mismatches due to market movements.
    In addition, where the Group’s long-term savings businesses have written insurance and investment products where the majority of
investment risks are borne by its policyholders, these risks are managed in line with local regulations and marketing literature, in order to
satisfy the policyholders’ risk and reward objectives. The Group writes unit-linked business in a number of its operations. The shareholders’
exposure to market risk on this business is limited to the extent that income arising from asset management charges is based on the value
of assets in the fund.
    The most material types of market risk that the Group is exposed to are described below.

(i) Equity price risk
The Group is subject to direct equity price risk arising from changes in the market values of its equity securities portfolio. Our most material
indirect equity price risk exposures are to policyholder unit-linked funds, which are exposed to a fall in the value of the fund thereby
reducing the fees we earn on those funds, and participating contracts, which are exposed to a fall in the value of the funds thereby
increasing our costs for policyholder guarantees. We also have some equity exposure in shareholder funds through equities held to match
inflation-linked liabilities.
     We continue to limit our direct equity exposure in line with our risk preferences. At a business unit level, investment limits and local
investment regulations require that business units hold diversified portfolios of assets thereby reducing exposure to individual equities. The
Group does not have material holdings of unquoted equity securities.
     Equity risk is also managed using a variety of derivative instruments, including futures and options. Businesses actively model the
performance of equities through the use of risk models, in particular to understand the impact of equity performance on guarantees,
options and bonus rates. An equity hedging strategy remains in place to help control the Group’s overall direct and indirect exposure to
equities. At 31 December 2017 the Group continues to hold a series of macro equity hedges to reduce the overall shareholder equity risk
exposure.
     Sensitivity to changes in equity prices is given in section ‘(j) risk and capital management’ below.

(ii) Property price risk
The Group is subject to property price risk directly due to holdings of investment properties in a variety of locations worldwide and
indirectly through investments in mortgages and mortgage backed securities. Investment in property is managed at business unit level, and
is subject to local regulations on investments, liquidity requirements and the expectations of policyholders.
     As at 31 December 2017, no material derivative contracts had been entered into to mitigate the effects of changes in property prices.
     Sensitivity to changes in property prices is given in section ‘(j) risk and capital management’ below.



                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         204
                                        Strategic report                        Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                Continued


56 – Risk management continued
(iii) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk arises primarily from the Group’s investments in long-term debt and fixed income securities and their movement relative
to the value placed on the insurance liabilities. A number of policyholder product features have an influence on the Group’s interest rate
risk. The major features include guaranteed surrender values, guaranteed annuity options, and minimum surrender and maturity values.
Details of material guarantees and options are given in note 42.
     Exposure to interest rate risk is monitored through several measures that include duration, capital modelling, sensitivity testing and
stress and scenario testing. The impact of exposure to sustained low interest rates is considered within our scenario testing.
     The Group typically manages interest rate risk by investing in fixed interest securities which closely match the interest rate sensitivity of
the liabilities where such investments are available. In particular, a key objective is to at least match the duration of our annuity liabilities
with assets of the same duration, and in some cases where appropriate cash flow matching has been used. These assets include corporate
bonds, residential mortgages and commercial mortgages. Should they default before maturity, it is assumed that the Group can reinvest in
assets of a similar risk and return profile, which is subject to market conditions. Interest rate risk is also managed in some business units
using a variety of derivative instruments, including futures, options, swaps, caps and floors.
     Some of the Group’s products, principally participating contracts, expose us to the risk that changes in interest rates will impact on
profits through a change in the interest spread (the difference between the amounts that we are required to pay under the contracts and
the investment income we are able to earn on the investments supporting our obligations under those contracts). The primary markets
where Aviva is exposed to this risk are the UK, France and Italy.
     Despite a pick up in market interest rates from the historical lows experienced in 2016, the continued low interest rate environment in a
number of markets around the world has resulted in our current reinvestment yields being lower than the overall current portfolio yield,
primarily for our investments in fixed income securities and commercial mortgage loans. As long as market yields remain below the current
portfolio level, the portfolio yield, and as a result net investment income, will continue to decline. While we anticipate interest rates may
remain below historical averages before the 2008 financial crisis for some time to come, it is also possible that further future increases in
interest rates or market anticipation of such increases, if larger and more rapid than expected, could adversely impact market values of our
portfolio of fixed income securities and increase the risk of credit defaults and downgrades.
     Other product lines of the Group, such as protection, are not significantly sensitive to interest rate or market movements. For unit-
linked business, the shareholder margins emerging are typically a mixture of annual management fees and risk/expense charges. Risk and
expense margins will be largely unaffected by low interest rates. Annual management fees may increase in the short term as the move
towards low interest rates increases the value of unit funds. However, in the medium term, unit funds will grow at a lower rate which will
reduce fund charges. For the UK annuities business interest rate exposure is mitigated by closely matching the duration of liabilities with
assets of the same duration.
     The UK participating business includes contracts with features such as guaranteed surrender values, guaranteed annuity options, and
minimum surrender and maturity values. These liabilities are managed through duration matching of assets and liabilities and the use of
derivatives, including swaptions. As a result, the Group’s exposure to sustained low interest rates on this portfolio is not material. The
Group’s key exposure to low interest rates arises through its other participating contracts, principally in Italy and France. Some of these
contracts also include features such as guaranteed minimum bonuses, guaranteed investment returns and guaranteed surrender values. In
a low interest rate environment there is a risk that the yield on assets might not be sufficient to cover these obligations. For certain of its
participating contracts the Group is able to amend guaranteed crediting rates. Our ability to lower crediting rates may be limited by
competition, bonus mechanisms and contractual arrangements.
     Details of material guarantees and options are given in note 42. In addition, the following table summarises the weighted average
minimum guaranteed crediting rates and weighted average book value yields on assets as at 31 December 2017 for our Italian and French
participating contracts, where the Group’s key exposure to sustained low interest rates arises.
                                                                                                                                              Weighted
                                                                                                                                                average    Weighted       Participating
                                                                                                                                             minimum average book              contract
                                                                                                                                            guaranteed value yield on         liabilities
                                                                                                                                          crediting rate       assets                 £m

France                                                                                                                                        0.64%          3.02%            67,689
Italy                                                                                                                                         0.69%          3.56%            15,237
Other1                                                                                                                                           N/A           N/A            54,656
Total                                                                                                                                            N/A            N/A         137,582
1   ‘Other’ includes UK participating business


Profit before tax on General Insurance and Health Insurance business is generally a mixture of insurance, expense and investment returns.
The asset portfolio is invested primarily in fixed income securities and the reduction in interest rates in recent years has reduced the
investment component of profit. The portfolio investment yield and average total invested assets in our general insurance and health
business are set out in the table below.
                                                                                                                                                             Portfolio         Average
                                                                                                                                                          investment            assets
                                                                                                                                                                 yield1            £m

2015                                                                                                                                                         2.58%            15,268
2016                                                                                                                                                         2.47%            14,369
2017                                                                                                                                                         2.07%            14,770
1   Before realised and unrealised gains and losses and investment expenses




                                                                               Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                  205
                           Strategic report          Governance           IFRS financial statements          Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements     Continued


56 – Risk management continued
The nature of the business means that prices in certain circumstances can be increased to maintain overall profitability. This is subject to
the competitive environment in each market. To the extent that there are further falls in interest rates the investment yield would be
expected to decrease further in future periods.
    Sensitivity to changes in interest rates is given in section ‘(j) risk and capital management’ below.

(iv) Inflation risk
Inflation risk arises primarily from the Group’s exposure to general insurance claims inflation, to inflation linked benefits within the defined
benefit staff pension schemes and within the UK annuity portfolio and to expense inflation. Increases in long-term inflation expectations
are closely linked to long-term interest rates and so are frequently considered with interest rate risk. Exposure to inflation risk is monitored
through capital modelling, sensitivity testing and stress and scenario testing. The Group typically manages inflation risk through its
investment strategy and, in particular, by investing in inflation linked securities and through a variety of derivative instruments, including
inflation linked swaps.

(v) Currency risk
The Group has minimal exposure to currency risk from financial instruments held by business units in currencies other than their functional
currencies, as nearly all such holdings are backing either unit-linked or with-profits contract liabilities or hedging. As a result the foreign
exchange and losses on investments (see note 5) are largely offset by changes in unit-linked and with-profits liabilities and fair value
changes in derivatives attributable to changes in foreign exchange rates recognised in the income statement.
    The Group operates internationally and as a result is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk arising from fluctuations in exchange
rates of various currencies. Approximately 59% of the Group’s premium income arises in currencies other than sterling and the Group’s net
assets are denominated in a variety of currencies, of which the largest are sterling, euro and Canadian dollars. The Group does not hedge
foreign currency revenues as these are substantially retained locally to support the growth of the Group’s business and meet local
regulatory and market requirements. However, the Group does use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge planned dividends from its
subsidiaries.
    Businesses aim to maintain sufficient assets in local currency to meet local currency liabilities, however movements may impact the
value of the Group’s consolidated shareholders’ equity which is expressed in sterling. This aspect of foreign exchange risk is monitored and
managed centrally, against pre-determined limits. These exposures are managed by aligning the deployment of regulatory capital by
currency with the Group’s regulatory capital requirements by currency. Currency borrowings and derivatives are used to manage exposures
within the limits that have been set. Except where the Group has applied net investment hedge accounting (see note 57(a)(i)), foreign
exchange gains and losses on foreign currency borrowings (see note 6) are recognised in the income statement, whereas foreign exchange
gains and losses arising on consolidation from the translation of assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are recognised in other
comprehensive income. At 31 December 2017 and 2016, the Group’s total equity deployment by currency including assets ‘held for sale’
was:
                                                                                                  Sterling            Euro              CAD$             Other              Total
                                                                                                       £m              £m                 £m               £m                £m

Capital 31 December 2017                                                                         16,776              444               309            1,606           19,135
Capital 31 December 2016                                                                         15,813              923               627            2,188           19,551


A 10% change in sterling to euro/Canada$ (CAD$) period-end foreign exchange rates would have had the following impact on total equity.
                                                                                                             10% increase      10% decrease      10% increase      10% decrease
                                                                                                               in sterling /     in sterling /     in sterling /     in sterling /
                                                                                                                 euro rate         euro rate        CAD$ rate         CAD$ rate
                                                                                                                        £m                £m                £m                £m

Net assets at 31 December 2017                                                                                        (44)               44               (31)               31
Net assets at 31 December 2016                                                                                        (92)               92               (63)               20


A 10% change in sterling to euro/Canada$ (CAD$) average foreign exchange rates applied to translate foreign currency profits would have
had the following impact on profit before tax, including resulting gains and losses on foreign exchange hedges.
                                                                                                             10% increase      10% decrease      10% increase      10% decrease
                                                                                                               in sterling/      in sterling/      in sterling/      in sterling/
                                                                                                                 euro rate         euro rate        CAD$ rate         CAD$ rate
                                                                                                                        £m                £m                £m                £m

Impact on profit before tax 31 December 2017                                                                          (78)               95                 6                 (7)
Impact on profit before tax 31 December 2016                                                                           (55)              67               (15)                (9)

The balance sheet changes arise from retranslation of business unit statements of financial position from their functional currencies into
sterling, with above movements being taken through the currency translation reserve. These balance sheet movements in exchange rates
therefore have no impact on profit. Net asset and profit before tax figures are stated after taking account of the effect of currency hedging
activities.

(vi) Derivatives risk
Derivatives are used by a number of the businesses. Derivatives are primarily used for efficient investment management, risk hedging
purposes, or to structure specific retail savings products. Activity is overseen by the Group Capital and Group Risk teams, which monitor
exposure levels and approve large or complex transactions.
    The Group applies strict requirements to the administration and valuation processes it uses, and has a control framework that is
consistent with market and industry practice for the activity that is undertaken.



                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        206
                                         Strategic report                             Governance                      IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                    Continued


56 – Risk management continued
(vii) Correlation risk
The Group recognises that lapse behaviour and potential increases in consumer expectations are sensitive to and interdependent with
market movements and interest rates. These interdependencies are taken into consideration in the internal capital model and in scenario
analysis.

(d) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk of not being able to make payments as they become due because there are insufficient assets in cash form. The
relatively illiquid nature of insurance liabilities is a potential source of additional investment return by allowing us to invest in higher
yielding, but less liquid assets such as commercial mortgages. The Group seeks to ensure that it maintains sufficient financial resources to
meet its obligations as they fall due through the application of a Group liquidity risk policy and business standard and through the
development of its liquidity risk management plan. At Group and business unit level, there is a liquidity risk appetite which requires that
sufficient liquid resources be maintained to cover net outflows in a stress scenario. In addition to the existing liquid resources and expected
inflows, the Group maintains significant undrawn committed borrowing facilities (£1,650 million) from a range of leading international
banks to further mitigate this risk.

Maturity analyses
The following tables show the maturities of our insurance and investment contract liabilities, and of the financial and reinsurance assets
held to meet them. A maturity analysis of the contractual amounts payable for borrowings and derivatives is given in notes 49 and 57,
respectively. Contractual obligations under operating leases and capital commitments are given in note 53.

(i) Analysis of maturity of insurance and investment contract liabilities
For non-linked insurance business, the following table shows the gross liability at 31 December 2017 and 2016 analysed by remaining
duration. The total liability is split by remaining duration in proportion to the cash-flows expected to arise during that period, as permitted
under IFRS 4, Insurance Contracts.
    Almost all linked business and non-linked investment contracts may be surrendered or transferred on demand. For such contracts, the
earliest contractual maturity date is therefore the current statement of financial position date, for a surrender amount approximately equal
to the current statement of financial position liability. However, we expect surrenders, transfers and maturities to occur over many years,
and therefore the tables below reflect the expected cash flows for these contracts, rather than their contractual maturity date. This table
includes assets held for sale.
                                                                                                                                                                       On demand or                                                 Over
                                                                                                                                                               Total    within 1 year        1-5 years       5-15 years         15 years
At 31 December 2017                                                                                                                                              £m               £m               £m               £m               £m

Long-term business
Insurance contracts – non-linked                                                                                                                        109,900            10,105           27,278           41,720           30,797
Investment contracts – non-linked                                                                                                                        71,948             5,370           17,088           26,300           23,190
Linked business                                                                                                                                         163,571            17,609           27,632           55,519           62,811
General insurance and health                                                                                                                             16,794             6,877            6,838            2,462              617
Total contract liabilities                                                                                                                              362,213            39,961           78,836         126,001          117,415

                                                                                                                                                                       On demand or                                                  Over
                                                                                                                                                               Total    within 1 year         1-5 years       5-15 years         15 years
At 31 December 20161                                                                                                                                            £m                £m                £m               £m               £m

Long-term business
Insurance contracts – non-linked                                                                                                                         116,400             9,757           31,423           44,791           30,429
Investment contracts – non-linked                                                                                                                         73,112             5,358           17,050           27,568           23,136
Linked business                                                                                                                                          153,901            17,374           27,234           51,454           57,839
General insurance and health                                                                                                                              16,488             6,761            6,594            2,448              685
Total contract liabilities                                                                                                                               359,901            39,250           82,301         126,261          112,089
1   Following a review of the Group’s analysis of maturity of insurance and investment contract liabilities, comparative amounts have been amended from those previously reported. This has resulted in a reclassification of £2,363
    million from liabilities held in connection with linked business to investment contracts – linked business and an increase in the proportion of linked business contract liabilities with a maturity date which in excess of 15 years.
    This reclassification has no impact on total contract liabilities reported at 31 December 2016.




                                                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                        207
                                        Strategic report                           Governance                    IFRS financial statements                        Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                 Continued


56 – Risk management continued
(ii) Analysis of maturity of financial assets
The following table provides an analysis, by maturity date of the principal, of the carrying value of financial assets which are available to
fund the repayment of liabilities as they crystallise. This table excludes assets held for sale.
                                                                                                                                                                 On demand or                                      No fixed term
                                                                                                                                                         Total    within 1 year       1-5 years    Over 5 years      (perpetual)
At 31 December 2017                                                                                                                                        £m               £m              £m              £m                £m

Debt securities                                                                                                                                   174,808            28,037          47,289          99,078              404
Equity securities                                                                                                                                  89,968                —               —               —            89,968
Other investments                                                                                                                                  46,306            40,500             364           4,680              762
Loans                                                                                                                                              27,857             1,651           5,053          21,149                4
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                          43,347            43,347              —               —                —
                                                                                                                                                  382,286          113,535           52,706        124,907            91,138

                                                                                                                                                                 On demand or                                      No fixed term
                                                                                                                                                         Total    within 1 year       1-5 years     Over 5 years     (perpetual)
At 31 December 20161                                                                                                                                      £m                £m              £m               £m               £m

Debt securities                                                                                                                                    178,970           24,293          49,061         105,448               168
Equity securities                                                                                                                                   72,042               —               —               —             72,042
Other investments                                                                                                                                   48,823           45,889           1,112             275             1,547
Loans                                                                                                                                               24,784            1,352           5,609          17,819                 4
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                           38,708           38,708              —               —                 —
                                                                                                                                                   363,327          110,242          55,782         123,542            73,761
1   Following a review of the Group’s investment classifications, comparative amounts in respect of unit trusts and other investment vehicles and equity and debt securities have been amended from those previously reported.
    Refer to note 26 for further details of this adjustment and the financial statement impact arising.


The assets above are analysed in accordance with the earliest possible redemption date of the instrument at the initiation of the Group.
Where an instrument is transferable back to the issuer on demand, such as most unit trusts or similar types of investment vehicle, it is
included in the ‘On demand or within 1 year’ column. Debt securities with no fixed contractual maturity date are generally callable at the
option of the issuer at the date the coupon rate is reset under the contractual terms of the instrument. The terms for resetting the coupon
are such that we expect the securities to be redeemed at this date, as it would be uneconomic for the issuer not to do so, and for liquidity
management purposes we manage these securities on this basis. The first repricing and call date is normally ten years or more after the
date of issuance. Most of the Group’s investments in equity securities and fixed maturity securities are market traded and therefore, if
required, can be liquidated for cash at short notice.

(e) Life and health insurance risk
Life insurance risk in the Group arises through its exposure to mortality risk and exposure to worse than anticipated operating experience
on factors such as persistency levels, exercising of policy holder options and management and administration expenses. The Group’s
health insurance business (including private health insurance, critical illness cover, income protection and personal accident insurance, as
well as a range of corporate healthcare products) exposes the Group to morbidity risk (the proportion of our customers falling sick) and
medical expense inflation. The Group chooses to take measured amounts of life and health insurance risk provided that the relevant
business has the appropriate core skills to assess and price the risk and adequate returns are available. The Group’s underwriting strategy
and appetite is communicated via specific policy statements, related business standards and guidelines. Life insurance risk is managed
primarily at business unit level with oversight at the Group level.
     The underlying risk profile of our life and health insurance risks, primarily persistency, longevity, mortality and expense risk, has
remained stable during 2017, although the current continued relatively low levels of interest rates have increased our sensitivity to longevity
shocks compared to historical norms. We are also exposed to longevity risk through the Aviva Staff Pension Scheme, to which our
economic exposure has been reduced since 2014 by entering into a longevity swap covering approximately £5 billion of pensioner in
payment scheme liabilities. Longevity risk remains the Group’s most significant life insurance risk, while persistency risk remains significant
and continues to have a volatile outlook with underlying performance linked to some degree to economic conditions. However, businesses
across the Group have continued to make progress with a range of customer retention activities. The Group has continued to write
considerable volumes of life protection business, and to utilise reinsurance to reduce exposure to potential losses. More generally, life
insurance risks are believed to provide a significant diversification against other risks in the portfolio. Life insurance risks are modelled
within the internal capital model and subject to sensitivity and stress and scenario testing. The assumption and management of life and
health insurance risks is governed by the Group-wide business standards covering underwriting, pricing, product design and management,
in-force management, claims handling, and reinsurance. The individual life and health insurance risks are managed as follows:
• Mortality and morbidity risks are mitigated by use of reinsurance. The Group allows businesses to select reinsurers, from those approved
  by the Group, based on local factors, but retains oversight of the overall exposures and monitors that the aggregation of risk ceded is
  within credit risk appetite.
• Longevity risk and internal experience analysis are monitored against the latest external industry data and emerging trends. Whilst
  individual businesses are responsible for reserving and pricing for annuity business, the Group monitors the exposure to this risk and any
  associated capital implications. The Group has used reinsurance solutions to reduce the risks from longevity and continually monitors
  and evaluates emerging market solutions to mitigate this risk further.
• Persistency risk is managed at a business unit level through frequent monitoring of company experience, and benchmarked against local
  market information. Generally, persistency risk arises from customers lapsing their policies earlier than has been assumed. Where
  possible the financial impact of lapses is reduced through appropriate product design. Businesses also implement specific initiatives to
  improve the retention of policies which may otherwise lapse. The Group has developed guidelines on persistency management.
• Expense risk is primarily managed by the business units through the assessment of business unit profitability and frequent monitoring of
  expense levels.


                                                                                  Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                     208
                           Strategic report          Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements    Continued


56 – Risk management continued
Embedded derivatives
The Group is exposed to the risk of changes in policyholder behaviour due to the exercise of options, guarantees and other product features
embedded in its long-term savings products. These product features offer policyholders varying degrees of guaranteed benefits at maturity
or on early surrender, along with options to convert their benefits into different products on pre-agreed terms. The extent of the impact of
these embedded derivatives differs considerably between business units and exposes Aviva to changes in policyholder behaviour in the
exercise of options as well as market risk.

Examples of each type of embedded derivative affecting the Group are:
• Options: call, put, surrender and maturity options, guaranteed annuity options, options to cease premium payment, options for
  withdrawals free of market value adjustment, annuity options, and guaranteed insurability options.
• Guarantees: embedded floor (guaranteed return), maturity guarantee, guaranteed death benefit, and guaranteed minimum rate of
  annuity payment.
• Other: indexed interest or principal payments, maturity value, loyalty bonus.

The impact of these is reflected in the capital model and managed as part of the asset liability framework. Further disclosure on financial
guarantees and options embedded in contracts and their inclusion in insurance and investment contract liabilities is provided in note 42.

(f) General insurance risk
Types of risk
General insurance risk in the Group arises from:
• Fluctuations in the timing, frequency and severity of claims and claim settlements relative to expectations;
• Unexpected claims arising from a single source or cause;
• Inaccurate pricing of risks or inappropriate underwriting of risks when underwritten; and
• Inadequate reinsurance protection or other risk transfer techniques.

Aviva has a preference for general insurance risk in measured amounts for explicit reward, in line with our core skills in underwriting and
pricing. The majority of the general insurance business underwritten by the Group continues to be short tail in nature such as motor,
household and commercial property insurances. The Group’s underwriting strategy and appetite is communicated via specific policy
statements, related business standards and guidelines. General insurance risk is managed primarily at business unit level with oversight at
the Group level. Claims reserving is undertaken by local actuaries in the various general insurance businesses and is also subject to periodic
external reviews. Reserving processes are further detailed in note 40 ‘insurance liabilities’.
    The vast majority of the Group’s general insurance business is managed and priced in the same country as the domicile of the
customer.

Management of general insurance risks
Significant insurance risks will be reported under the risk management framework. Additionally, the capital model is used to assess the
risks that each general insurance business unit, and the Group as a whole, is exposed to, quantifying their impact and calculating
appropriate capital requirements.
    Business units have developed mechanisms that identify, quantify and manage accumulated exposures to contain them within the
limits of the appetite of the Group. The business units are assisted by the General Insurance Council which provides technical input for
major decisions which fall outside individual delegated limits or escalations outside group risk preferences, group risk accumulation,
concentration and profitability limits.

Reinsurance strategy
Significant reinsurance purchases are reviewed annually at both business unit and Group level to verify that the levels of protection being
bought reflect any developments in exposure and the risk appetite of the Group. The basis of these purchases is underpinned by analysis of
capital, earnings and capital volatility, cash flow and liquidity and the Group’s franchise value.
Detailed actuarial analysis is used to calculate the Group’s extreme risk profile and then design cost and capital efficient reinsurance
programmes to mitigate these risks to within agreed appetites. For businesses writing general insurance we analyse the natural
catastrophe exposure using our own internal probabilistic catastrophe model which is benchmarked against external catastrophe models
widely used by the rest of the (re)insurance industry.
    The Group cedes much of its worldwide catastrophe risk to third-party reinsurers through excess of loss and aggregate excess of loss
structures. The Group purchases a group-wide catastrophe reinsurance programme to protect against catastrophe losses exceeding a 1 in
200 year return period. The total Group potential retained loss from its most concentrated catastrophe exposure peril (Northern Europe
Windstorm) is approximately £150 million on a per occurrence basis and £175 million on an annual aggregate basis. Any losses above these
levels are covered by the group-wide catastrophe reinsurance programme to a level in excess of a 1 in 200 year return period. In addition
the Group purchases a number of GI business line specific reinsurance programmes with various retention levels to protect both capital
and earnings, and has reinsured 100% of its latent exposures to its historic UK employers’ liability and public liability business written prior
to 31 December 2000.

(g) Asset management risk
Aviva is directly exposed to the risks associated with operating an asset management business through its ownership of Aviva Investors. The
underlying risk profile of our asset management risk is derived from investment performance, specialist investment professionals and
leadership, product development capabilities, fund liquidity, margin, client retention, regulatory developments, fiduciary and contractual
responsibilities. Funds invested in illiquid assets such as commercial property are particularly exposed to liquidity risk. The risk profile is
regularly monitored.



                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       209
                           Strategic report             Governance                   IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements        Continued


56 – Risk management continued
     A client relationship team is in place to manage client retention risk, while all new asset management products undergo a review and
approval process at each stage of the product development process, including approvals from legal, compliance and risk functions.
Investment performance against client objectives relative to agreed benchmarks is monitored as part of our investment performance and
risk management process, and subject to further independent oversight and challenge by a specialist risk team, reporting directly to the
Aviva Investors’ Chief Risk Officer.

(h) Operational risk
Operational risk is the risk of direct or indirect loss, arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or external
events including changes in the regulatory environment. We have limited appetite for operational risk and aim to reduce these risks as far
as is commercially sensible.
     Our business units are primarily responsible for identifying and managing operational risks within their businesses, within the group-
wide operational risk framework including the risk and control self-assessment process. Businesses must be satisfied that all material risks
falling outside our risk tolerances are being mitigated, monitored and reported to an appropriate level. Any risks with a high potential
impact are monitored centrally on a regular basis. Businesses use key indicator data to help monitor the status of the risk and control
environment. They also identify and capture loss events, taking appropriate action to address actual control breakdowns and promote
internal learning.

(i) Brand and reputation risk
We are exposed to the risk that litigation, employee misconduct, operational failures, the outcome of regulatory investigations, media
speculation and negative publicity, disclosure of confidential client information, inadequate services, whether or not founded, could
impact our brands or reputation. Any of our brands or our reputation could also be affected if products or services recommended by us (or
any of our intermediaries) do not perform as expected (whether or not the expectations are founded) or customers’ expectations for the
product change. We seek to reduce this risk to as low a level as commercially sensible.
    The FCA regularly considers whether we are meeting the requirement to treat our customers fairly and we make use of various metrics
to assess our own performance, including customer advocacy, retention and complaints. Failure to meet these requirements could also
impact our brands or reputation.
    If we do not manage the perception of our brands and reputation successfully, it could cause existing customers or agents to withdraw
from our business and potential customers or agents to choose not to do business with us.

(j) Risk and capital management
(i) Sensitivity test analysis
The Group uses a number of sensitivity tests to understand the volatility of earnings, the volatility of its capital requirements, and to
manage its capital more efficiently. Sensitivities to economic and operating experience are regularly produced on the Group’s key financial
performance metrics to inform the Group’s decision making and planning processes, and as part of the framework for identifying and
quantifying the risks to which each of its business units, and the Group as a whole, are exposed.

(ii) Life insurance and investment contracts
The nature of long-term business is such that a number of assumptions are made in compiling these financial statements. Assumptions are
made about investment returns, expenses, mortality rates and persistency in connection with the in-force policies for each business unit.
Assumptions are best estimates based on historic and expected experience of the business. A number of the key assumptions for the
Group’s central scenario are disclosed elsewhere in these statements.

(iii) General insurance and health business
General insurance and health claim liabilities are estimated by using standard actuarial claims projection techniques. These methods
extrapolate the claims development for each accident year based on the observed development of earlier years. In most cases, no explicit
assumptions are made as projections are based on assumptions implicit in the historic claims.

(iv) Sensitivity test results
Illustrative results of sensitivity testing for long-term business, general insurance and health business and the fund management and non-
insurance business are set out below. For each sensitivity test the impact of a reasonably possible change in a single factor is shown, with
other assumptions left unchanged.
Sensitivity factor                                       Description of sensitivity factor applied

Interest rate and investment return                      The impact of a change in market interest rates by a 1% increase or decrease. The test allows
                                                         consistently for similar changes to investment returns and movements in the market value of
                                                         backing fixed interest securities.
Credit spreads                                           The impact of a 0.5% increase in credit spreads over risk-free interest rates on corporate bonds
                                                         and other non-sovereign credit assets. The test allows for any consequential impact on liability
                                                         valuations.
Equity/property market values                            The impact of a change in equity/property market values by ± 10%.
Expenses                                                 The impact of an increase in maintenance expenses by 10%.
Assurance mortality/morbidity (life insurance only)      The impact of an increase in mortality/morbidity rates for assurance contracts by 5%.
Annuitant mortality (long-term insurance only)           The impact of a reduction in mortality rates for annuity contracts by 5%.
Gross loss ratios (non-long-term insurance only)         The impact of an increase in gross loss ratios for general insurance and health business by 5%.




                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          210
                                        Strategic report          Governance                    IFRS financial statements                          Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                  Continued


56 – Risk management continued
Long-term business
Sensitivities as at 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                                       Equity/        Equity/               Assurance    Annuitant
                                                                            Interest rates    Interest rates Credit spreads           property       property   Expenses     mortality    mortality
31 December 2017 Impact on profit before tax £m                                       +1%               -1%           +0.5%              +10%           -10%       +10%          +5%          -5%

Insurance participating                                                             (45)               25               (15)              (20)          (40)       (25)          (5)         (10)
Insurance non-participating                                                        (475)              485              (790)             (135)          115       (215)        (105)        (905)
Investment participating                                                             —                 10                (5)               (5)           —         (15)          —            —
Investment non-participating                                                         —                (10)               (5)               10           (10)       (30)          —            —
Assets backing life shareholders' funds                                             (90)              115               (25)               20           (20)        —            —            —
Total                                                                              (610)              625              (840)             (130)           45       (285)        (110)        (915)

                                                                                                                                       Equity/        Equity/               Assurance    Annuitant
                                                                            Interest rates    Interest rates Credit spreads           property       property   Expenses     mortality    mortality
31 December 2017 Impact on shareholders' equity before tax £m                         +1%               -1%           +0.5%              +10%           -10%       +10%          +5%          -5%

Insurance participating                                                             (45)               25               (15)              (20)          (40)       (25)          (5)         (10)
Insurance non-participating                                                        (475)              485              (790)             (135)          115       (215)        (105)        (905)
Investment participating                                                             —                 10                (5)               (5)           —         (15)          —            —
Investment non-participating                                                         —                (10)               (5)               10           (10)       (30)          —            —
Assets backing life shareholders' funds                                            (150)              175               (35)               20           (20)        —            —            —
Total                                                                              (670)              685              (850)             (130)           45       (285)        (110)        (915)

Sensitivities as at 31 December 2016
                                                                                                                                        Equity/       Equity/               Assurance    Annuitant
                                                                             Interest rates    Interest rates   Credit spreads         property      property   Expenses     mortality    mortality
31 December 2016 Impact on profit before tax £m                                        +1%               -1%             +0.5%            +10%          -10%       +10%          +5%          -5%

Insurance Participating                                                              (50)               30               (10)            (130)            65        (30)          (5)         (15)
Insurance non-participating                                                         (190)               20              (775)             (35)            10       (190)         (90)        (920)
Investment participating                                                             (10)                5                 (5)             —              —          (5)          —            —
Investment non-participating                                                          10               (15)               —                50            (70)       (65)          —            —
Assets backing life shareholders' funds                                             (115)              190                10              (85)            85         —            —            —
Total                                                                               (355)              230              (780)            (200)           90        (290)         (95)        (935)

                                                                                                                                        Equity/       Equity/               Assurance    Annuitant
                                                                             Interest rates    Interest rates   Credit spreads         property      property   Expenses     mortality    mortality
31 December 2016 Impact on shareholders' equity before tax £m                          +1%               -1%             +0.5%            +10%          -10%       +10%          +5%          -5%

Insurance Participating                                                              (50)                30              (10)            (130)            65        (30)          (5)         (15)
Insurance non-participating                                                         (190)                20             (775)             (35)            10       (190)         (90)        (920)
Investment participating                                                             (10)                 5               (5)              —              —          (5)          —            —
Investment non-participating                                                          10                (15)              —                50            (70)       (65)          —            —
Assets backing life shareholders' funds                                             (155)              230                 5              (85)            85         —            —            —
Total                                                                               (395)              270              (785)            (200)           90        (290)         (95)        (935)

Changes in sensitivities between 2017 and 2016 reflect underlying movements in the value of assets and liabilities, the relative duration of
assets and liabilities and asset liability management actions. The sensitivities to economic and demographic movements relate mainly to
business in the UK.

General insurance and health business sensitivities as at 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                                                      Equity/    Equity/                 Gross loss
                                                                                              Interest rates    Interest rates Credit spreads        property   property    Expenses         ratios
31 December 2017 Impact on profit before tax £m                                                         +1%               -1%           +0.5%           +10%       -10%        +10%           +5%

Gross of reinsurance                                                                                 (285)              300              (130)          165       (165)        (120)        (335)
Net of reinsurance                                                                                   (345)              355              (130)          165       (165)        (120)        (325)

                                                                                                                                                      Equity/    Equity/                 Gross loss
                                                                                              Interest rates    Interest rates Credit spreads        property   property    Expenses         ratios
31 December 2017 Impact on shareholders' equity before tax £m                                           +1%               -1%           +0.5%           +10%       -10%        +10%           +5%

Gross of reinsurance                                                                                 (285)              300              (130)          165       (165)          (25)       (335)
Net of reinsurance                                                                                   (345)              355              (130)          165       (165)          (25)       (325)

Sensitivities as at 31 December 2016
                                                                                                                                                      Equity/     Equity/                Gross loss
                                                                                               Interest rates    Interest rates   Credit spreads     property    property    Expenses        ratios
31 December 2016 Impact on profit before tax £m                                                          +1%               -1%             +0.5%        +10%        -10%        +10%          +5%

Gross of reinsurance                                                                                  (315)              320             (145)           85         (85)        (115)        (340)
Net of reinsurance                                                                                    (385)              375             (145)           85         (85)        (115)        (320)

                                                                                                                                                      Equity/     Equity/                Gross loss
                                                                                               Interest rates    Interest rates   Credit spreads     property    property    Expenses        ratios
31 December 2016 Impact on shareholders' equity before tax £m                                            +1%               -1%             +0.5%        +10%        -10%        +10%          +5%

Gross of reinsurance                                                                                  (315)              320             (145)           85         (85)         (25)        (340)
Net of reinsurance                                                                                    (385)              375             (145)           85         (85)         (25)        (320)

                                                                 Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                    211
                                         Strategic report                               Governance       IFRS financial statements                Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                   Continued


56 – Risk management continued
For general insurance and health, the impact of the expense sensitivity on profit also includes the increase in ongoing administration
expenses, in addition to the increase in the claims handling expense provision.

Fund management and non-insurance business sensitivities as at 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                                                                                       Equity/    Equity/
                                                                                                                                Interest rates    Interest rates Credit spreads       property   property
31 December 2017 Impact on profit before tax £m                                                                                           +1%               -1%           +0.5%          +10%       -10%

Total                                                                                                                                    (30)               30                80        (10)         20

                                                                                                                                                                                       Equity/    Equity/
                                                                                                                                Interest rates    Interest rates Credit spreads       property   property
31 December 2017 Impact on shareholders' equity before tax £m                                                                             +1%               -1%           +0.5%          +10%       -10%

Total                                                                                                                                    (25)               25                80        (10)         15

Sensitivities as at 31 December 2016
                                                                                                                                                                                       Equity/    Equity/
                                                                                                                                 Interest rates    Interest rates   Credit spreads    property   property
31 December 2016 Impact on profit before tax £m                                                                                            +1%               -1%             +0.5%1      +10%       -10%

Total                                                                                                                                      —                 —                30          (10)       15
1   Revised from £10 million to £30 million to include Aviva International Insurance.


                                                                                                                                                                                       Equity/    Equity/
                                                                                                                                 Interest rates    Interest rates   Credit spreads    property   property
31 December 2016 Impact on shareholders' equity before tax £m                                                                              +1%               -1%             +0.5%1      +10%       -10%

Total                                                                                                                                      —                 —                30          (10)       15
1   Revised from £10 million to £30 million to include Aviva International Insurance.


Limitations of sensitivity analysis
The above tables demonstrate the effect of a change in a key assumption while other assumptions remain unchanged. In reality, there is a
correlation between the assumptions and other factors. It should also be noted that these sensitivities are non-linear, and larger or smaller
impacts should not be interpolated or extrapolated from these results.
    The sensitivity analyses do not take into consideration that the Group’s assets and liabilities are actively managed. Additionally, the
financial position of the Group may vary at the time that any actual market movement occurs. For example, the Group’s financial risk
management strategy aims to manage the exposure to market fluctuations.
    As investment markets move past various trigger levels, management actions could include selling investments, changing investment
portfolio allocation, adjusting bonuses credited to policyholders, and taking other protective action.
    A number of the business units use passive assumptions to calculate their long-term business liabilities. Consequently, a change in the
underlying assumptions may not have any impact on the liabilities, whereas assets held at market value in the statement of financial
position will be affected. In these circumstances, the different measurement bases for liabilities and assets may lead to volatility in
shareholder equity. Similarly, for general insurance liabilities, the interest rate sensitivities only affect profit and equity where explicit
assumptions are made regarding interest (discount) rates or future inflation.
    Other limitations in the above sensitivity analyses include the use of hypothetical market movements to demonstrate potential risk that
only represent the Group’s view of possible near-term market changes that cannot be predicted with any certainty, and the assumption
that all interest rates move in an identical fashion.

57 – Derivative financial instruments and hedging
This note gives details of the various financial instruments we use to mitigate risk.
    The Group uses a variety of derivative financial instruments, including both exchange traded and over-the-counter instruments, in line
with our overall risk management strategy. The objectives include managing exposure to market, foreign currency and/or interest rate risk
on existing assets or liabilities, as well as planned or anticipated investment purchases.
    In the narrative and tables below, figures are given for both the notional amounts and fair values of these instruments. The notional
amounts reflect the aggregate of individual derivative positions on a gross basis and so give an indication of the overall scale of the
derivative transaction. They do not reflect current market values of the open positions. The fair values represent the gross carrying values at
the year end for each class of derivative contract held (or issued) by the Group.
    The fair values do not provide an indication of credit risk, as many over-the-counter transactions are contracted and documented
under ISDA (International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) master agreements or their equivalent. Such agreements are designed to
provide a legally enforceable set-off in the event of default, which reduces credit exposure. In addition, the Group has collateral agreements
in place between the individual Group entities and relevant counterparties. Refer to note 58 for further information on collateral and net
credit risk of derivative instruments.

(a) Instruments qualifying for hedge accounting
The Group has formally assessed and documented the hedge effectiveness in accordance with IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition
and Measurement.

(i) Net investment hedges
To reduce its exposure to foreign currency risk, the Group has designated a portion of its euro denominated debt as hedge instruments to
hedge a net investment in its European subsidiaries. In 2016 additional euro denominated loans were designated as hedging instruments.



                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       212
                           Strategic report           Governance           IFRS financial statements            Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements      Continued


57 – Derivative financial instruments and hedging continued
The carrying value of the debt at 31 December 2017 was £2,885 million (2016: £2,774 million) and its fair value at that date was £3,202 million
(2016: £2,918 million).
    Foreign exchange losses of £98 million (2016: loss of £34 million) on translation of the debt to sterling at the statement of financial
position date in respect of the effective portion have been recognised in the hedging instruments reserve in shareholders’ equity. A loss of
£13 million has been recognised in the income statement due to the termination of a net investment hedge. This hedge was fully effective
throughout the prior year.

(ii) Cash flow hedges
The were no cash flow hedges designated in the year. In 2016 gains of £2 million in respect of a cash flow hedge terminated during the year
were reclassified from shareholders’ equity into the income statement.

(iii) Fair value hedges
There were no fair value hedges designated in the year.

(b) Derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting
Certain derivatives either do not qualify for hedge accounting under IAS 39 or the option to designate them as hedge instruments has not
been taken. These are referred to below as non-hedge derivatives.

(i) The Group’s non-hedge derivatives at 31 December 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
                                                                                                                      2017                                    2016
                                                                                       Contract/                                Contract/
                                                                                        notional   Fair value    Fair value      notional   Fair value   Fair value
                                                                                        amount          asset      liability     amount          asset     liability
                                                                                             £m           £m            £m            £m           £m           £m

Foreign exchange contracts
OTC
  Forwards                                                                             10,281           87           (34)       11,976           96         (120)
  Interest rate and currency swaps                                                      7,336          176          (568)        7,441          148         (982)
  Options                                                                                  —            —             —            300           —           (23)
Total                                                                                  17,617          263          (602)       19,717          244      (1,125)
Interest rate contracts
OTC
  Forwards                                                                                280           4             (2)           —           —            —
  Swaps                                                                                52,464       4,370         (2,539)       53,700       4,289       (3,148)
  Options                                                                                 178          15            (11)          164           3          (20)
  Swaptions                                                                             1,220         143             (7)        1,090         189           (9)
Exchange traded
  Futures                                                                               4,577            11           (17)       5,384            47          (35)
Total                                                                                  58,719       4,543         (2,576)       60,338       4,528       (3,212)
Equity/Index contracts
OTC
  Options                                                                                 593            29             (2)      1,714            33          (38)
Exchange traded
  Futures                                                                              16,279          254          (249)        9,618           94         (107)
  Options                                                                               2,560          175            (5)        4,678          568           (9)
Total                                                                                  19,432          458          (256)       16,010          695         (154)
Credit contracts                                                                        9,920           15          (261)       13,353            6        (260)
Other                                                                                  15,395          228        (2,071)       28,614          646      (2,044)
Total at 31 December                                                                  121,083       5,507         (5,766)      138,032       6,119       (6,795)

Fair value assets of £5,507 million (2016: £6,119 million) are recognised as ‘Derivative financial instruments’ in note 26(a), while fair value
liabilities of £5,766 million (2016: £6,795 million) are recognised as ‘Derivative liabilities’ in note 50.
    The Group’s derivative risk management policies are outlined in note 56.

(ii) The contractual undiscounted cash flows in relation to non-hedge derivative liabilities have the following maturities:
                                                                                                                                                2017          2016
                                                                                                                                                 £m            £m

Within 1 year                                                                                                                               1,071         1,075
Between 1 and 2 years                                                                                                                         597           601
Between 2 and 3 years                                                                                                                         503           578
Between 3 and 4 years                                                                                                                         404           558
Between 4 and 5 years                                                                                                                         328           406
After 5 years                                                                                                                               3,461         4,154
                                                                                                                                            6,364         7,372

(c) Collateral
Certain derivative contracts, primarily interest rate and currency swaps, involve the receipt or pledging of cash and non-cash collateral. The
amounts of cash collateral receivable or repayable are included in notes 27 and 50 respectively. Collateral received and pledged by the
Group is detailed in note 58.


                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         213
                               Strategic report         Governance          IFRS financial statements                 Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements       Continued


58 – Financial assets and liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting agreements and
similar arrangements
(a) Offsetting arrangements
Financial assets and liabilities are offset in the statement of financial position when the Group has a legally enforceable right to offset and
has the intention to settle the asset and liability on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
     Aviva mitigates credit risk in derivative contracts by entering into collateral agreements, where practical, and into ISDA master netting
agreements for each of the legal entities to facilitate its right to offset credit risk exposure. The credit support agreement will normally
dictate the threshold over which collateral needs to be pledged by Aviva or its counterparty.
     Derivative transactions requiring Aviva or its counterparty to post collateral are typically the result of over-the-counter derivative trades,
comprised mostly of interest rate swaps, currency swaps and credit default swaps. These transactions are conducted under terms that are
usual and customary to standard long-term borrowing, derivative, securities lending and securities borrowing activities. The derivative
assets and liabilities in the table below are made up of the contracts described in detail in note 57.
     Aviva participates in a number of stock lending and repurchase arrangements. In some of these arrangements cash is exchanged by
Aviva for securities and a related receivable is recognised within ‘Loans to banks’ (note 23). These arrangements are reflected in the tables
below. In instances where the collateral is recognised on the statement of financial position, the obligation for its return is included within
‘Payables and other financial liabilities’.
     In other arrangements, securities are exchanged for other securities. The collateral received must be in a readily realisable form such as
listed securities and is held in segregated accounts. Transfer of title always occurs for the collateral received. In many instances, however,
no market risk or economic benefit is exchanged and these transactions are not recognised on the statement of financial position in
accordance with our accounting policies, and accordingly not included in the tables below.
                                                                                                                            Amounts subject to enforceable netting arrangements
                                                                                                                                                 Amounts under a master netting
                                                                                              Offset under IAS 32                           agreement but not offset under IAS 32
                                                                                                    Net amounts
                                                                                                  reported in the                                       Securities
                                                                                                    statement of                                        collateral
                                                                                Gross    Amounts        financial        Financial           Cash       received /
                                                                              amounts      offset        position     instruments       collateral        pledged      Net amount
2017                                                                              £m          £m              £m              £m               £m              £m             £m

Financial assets
Derivative financial assets                                                   4,605           —           4,605        (3,162)            (830)           (291)               322
Loans to banks and repurchase arrangements                                    2,524           —           2,524             —                —          (2,502)                22
Total financial assets                                                        7,129           —           7,129        (3,162)            (830)         (2,793)               344

Financial liabilities
Derivative financial liabilities                                             (4,790)          —          (4,790)          3,233               17          1,120              (420)
Other financial liabilities                                                  (2,961)          —          (2,961)             —                —           2,961                —
Total financial liabilities                                                  (7,751)          —          (7,751)          3,233               17          4,081              (420)

                                                                                                                                Amounts subject to enforceable netting arrangements
                                                                                                                                                    Amounts under a master netting
                                                                                                Offset under IAS 32                            agreement but not offset under IAS 32
                                                                                                    Net amounts
                                                                                                  reported in the                                        Securities
                                                                                                    statement of                                         collateral
                                                                                Gross    Amounts        financial        Financial            Cash       received /
                                                                              amounts      offset        position     instruments        collateral        pledged      Net amount
2016                                                                              £m          £m              £m              £m               £m              £m              £m

Financial assets
Derivative financial assets                                                    6,194        (827)         5,367          (3,577)            (921)           (336)             533
Loans to banks and repurchase arrangements                                     2,579          —           2,579              —                —           (2,579)              —
Total financial assets                                                         8,773        (827)         7,946          (3,577)            (921)         (2,915)             533

Financial liabilities
Derivative financial liabilities                                              (6,762)       827           (5,935)         3,649              474           1,360             (452)
Other financial liabilities                                                   (2,779)        —            (2,779)            —                —            2,779               —
Total financial liabilities                                                   (9,541)       827           (8,714)         3,649              474           4,139             (452)

Derivative assets are recognised as ‘Derivative financial instruments’ in note 26(a), while fair value liabilities are recognised as ‘Derivative
liabilities’ in note 50. £902 million (2016: £752 million) of derivative assets and £976 million (2016: £860 million) of derivative liabilities are not
subject to master netting agreements and are therefore excluded from the table above.
    Amounts receivable related to securities lending and reverse-repurchase arrangements totalling £2,524 million (2016: £2,579 million) are
recognised within ‘Loans to banks’ in note 23.
    Other financial liabilities presented above represent liabilities related to repurchase arrangements recognised within ‘Obligations for
repayment of cash collateral received’ in note 50.




                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          214
                           Strategic report          Governance               IFRS financial statements                  Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements     Continued


58 – Financial assets and liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and
similar agreements continued
(b) Collateral
In the tables above, the amounts of assets or liabilities presented in the consolidated statement of financial position are offset first by
financial instruments that have the right of offset under master netting or similar arrangements with any remaining amount reduced by the
amount of cash and securities collateral. The actual amount of collateral may be greater than amounts presented in the tables above in the
case of over collateralisation.
     The total amount of collateral received which the Group is permitted to sell or repledge in the absence of default, excluding collateral
related to balances recognised within Loans to banks disclosed in note 23, was £22,978 million (2016: £22,559 million), all of which other
than £4,780 million (2016: £5,764 million) is related to securities lending arrangements. Collateral of £2,697 million (2016: £2,764 million) has
been received related to balances recognised within ‘Loans to banks’ (refer to note 23). The value of collateral that was actually sold or
repledged in the absence of default was £nil (2016: £nil).
     The level of collateral held is monitored regularly, with further collateral obtained where this is considered necessary to manage the
Group’s risk exposure.

59 – Related party transactions
This note gives details of the transactions between Group companies and related parties which comprise our joint ventures, associates and
staff pension schemes.
    The Group undertakes transactions with related parties in the normal course of business. Loans to related parties are made on normal
arm’s-length commercial terms.

Services provided to, and by related parties
                                                                                                                 2017                                                       2016
                                                                                                                  £m                                                         £m
                                                                                Expenses                                                   Expenses
                                                            Income earned     incurred in   Payable at   Receivable at Income earned     incurred in   Payable at   Receivable at
                                                                in the year      the year    year end        year end      in the year      the year    year end        year end
                                                                        £m            £m           £m              £m              £m            £m           £m              £m

Associates                                                              4            (4)           —              —                4            (3)           —               —
Joint ventures                                                         49            —             —               2              46            —             —               2
Employee pension schemes                                               12            —             —              14              16            —             —               5
                                                                       65            (4)           —              16              66             (3)          —                7

Transactions with joint ventures in the UK relate to the property management undertakings, the most material of which are listed in note
18(a)(iii). The Group has equity interests in these joint ventures, together with the provision of administration services and financial
management to many of them. Our fund management companies also charge fees to these joint ventures for administration services and
for arranging external finance.
     Key management personnel of the Company may from time to time purchase insurance, savings, asset management or annuity
products marketed by group companies on equivalent terms to those available to all employees of the Group. In 2017, other transactions
with key management personnel were not deemed to be significant either by size or in the context of their individual financial positions.
     Our UK fund management companies manage most of the assets held by the Group’s main UK staff pension scheme, for which they
charge fees based on the level of funds under management. The main UK scheme holds investments in Group-managed funds and
insurance policies with other group companies, as explained in note 48(b)(ii). As at 31 December 2017, the Friends Provident Pension
Scheme (‘FPPS’), acquired in 2015 as part of the acquisition of the Friends Life business, held an insurance policy of £630 million (2016: £633
million) issued by a group company, which eliminates on consolidation.
     The related parties’ receivables are not secured and no guarantees were received in respect thereof. The receivables will be settled in
accordance with normal credit terms.

Key management compensation
The total compensation to those employees classified as key management, being those having authority and responsibility for planning,
directing and controlling the activities of the Group, including the executive and non-executive directors is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                           2017             2016
                                                                                                                                                            £m               £m

Salary and other short-term benefits                                                                                                                      12.5            14.6
Other long-term benefits                                                                                                                                   5.4             5.3
Post-employment benefits                                                                                                                                   1.5             1.5
Equity compensation plans                                                                                                                                 16.4             9.3
Termination benefits                                                                                                                                       0.4              —
Total                                                                                                                                                     36.2            30.7

Information concerning individual directors’ emoluments, interests and transactions is given in the Directors’ Remuneration Report.




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        215
                                       Strategic report                        Governance                 IFRS financial statements                             Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                              Continued


60 – Organisational structure
The following chart shows, in simplified form, the organisational structure of the Group as at 31 December 2017. Aviva plc is the holding
company of the Group.

Parent company
Aviva plc

Subsidiaries
The principal subsidiaries of the Company at 31 December 2017 are listed below by country of incorporation.

A complete list of the Group’s related undertakings comprising of subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and other significant holdings is
contained within note 61.
                                                                                             Aviva plc*




                                                                Aviva – COFCO Life           Aviva Group                          General
                                                                Insurance Company            Holdings Limited*                    Accident plc***
                                                                Limited**



Aviva UK                  Friends Life           Aviva Life                Aviva Investors      Aviva Central                 Aviva                       Aviva Insurance             Aviva                   Overseas
Digital Limited           Holdings plc*          Holdings UK               Holdings             Services UK                   International               Limited***                  International           and other
                                                 Limited*                  Limited*             Limited*                      Holdings Limited*                                       Insurance Limited*      Subsidiaries



                                                 UK Life                   Investment           Aviva                         Overseas                    UK & Ireland General        Canada General
                                                 Subsidiaries              Management           Employment                    and other                   Insurance                   Insurance
                                                                           Subsidiaries         Services Limited*             Subsidiaries                Subsidiaries                Subsidaries



* Incorporated in England and Wales
** Incorporated in People’s Republic of China.
*** Incorporated in Scotland


United Kingdom                                                                                            Canada
Aviva Central Services UK Limited                                                                         Aviva Canada Inc. and its principal subsidiaries:
Aviva Employment Services Limited                                                                             Aviva Insurance Company of Canada
Aviva Equity Release UK Limited                                                                               Aviva General Insurance Company
Aviva Health UK Limited                                                                                       Elite Insurance Company
Aviva Insurance Limited                                                                                       Pilot Insurance Company
Aviva International Insurance Limited                                                                         Scottish & York Insurance Co. Limited
Aviva Investors Global Services Limited                                                                       S&Y Insurance Company
Aviva Investors Pensions Limited                                                                              Traders General Insurance Company
Aviva Investors UK Fund Services Limited
Aviva Life & Pensions UK Limited                                                                          France
Aviva Life Services UK Limited                                                                            Aviva France SA (99.99%) and its principal subsidiaries:
Aviva Pension Trustees UK Limited                                                                             Aviva Assurances S.A. (99.9%)
Aviva UK Digital Limited                                                                                      Aviva Investors France S.A. (99.9%)
Aviva Wrap UK Limited                                                                                         Aviva Vie SA (99.9%)
Gresham Insurance Company Limited                                                                             Aviva Epargne Retraite (99.9%)
The Ocean Marine Insurance Company Limited                                                                    Union Financière de France Banque (Banking) (74.3%)
Aviva Management Services UK Limited
Aviva Administration Limited                                                                              Hong Kong
Friends Provident International Limited 1                                                                 Aviva Life Insurance Company Limited

Barbados
Victoria Reinsurance Company Ltd

Bermuda
Aviva Re Limited




                                                                                                          1      Refer to Note 3(c)for further details in respect of operations classified as held for sale




                                                                              Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                 216
                           Strategic report            Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements      Continued


60 – Organisational structure continued
Italy
Aviva Italia Holding S.p.A and its principal subsidiaries:                 Associates and joint ventures
    Avipop Assicurazioni S.p.A (50%) 1                                     The Group has ongoing interests in the following operations that are
    Avipop Vita S.p.A (50%) 1                                              classified as joint ventures or associates. Further details of those
    Aviva S.p.A (51%)                                                      operations that were most significant in 2017 are set out in notes 18
    Aviva Italia S.p.A                                                     and 19 to the financial statements.
    Aviva Life S.p.A
    Aviva Vita S.p.A (80%)                                                 United Kingdom
                                                                           The Group has interests in several property limited partnerships.
Lithuania                                                                  Further details are provided in notes 18, 19 and 25 to the financial
Uždaroji akcinė gyvybės draudimo ir pensijų bendrovė ‘Aviva                statements.
Lietuva’ (90%)
                                                                           China
Poland                                                                     Aviva-COFCO Life Insurance Co. Limited (50%)
Aviva Powszechne Towarzystwo Emerytalne Aviva BZ WBK S.A.
(81%)                                                                      India
Aviva Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen na Zycie SA (90%)                            Aviva Life Insurance Company India Limited (49%)
Aviva Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Ogolnych SA (90%)
BZ WBK – Aviva Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Ogolnych S.A. (51%)                 Indonesia
BZ WBK-Aviva Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń na Życie Spółka Akcyjna               PT Astra Aviva Life (50%)
(51%)
                                                                           Taiwan
Singapore                                                                  First-Aviva Life Insurance Co. Limited (49%) 1
Aviva Ltd
Navigator Investment Services Limited                                      Turkey
                                                                           Aviva SA Emeklilik Ve HayatA.S (40%)
Spain
Caja Granada Vida, de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. (25%)1
Caja Murcia Vida y Pensiones, de Seguros y Reaseguros S.A. (50%)1
Pelayo Vida Seguros Y Reaseguros Sociedad Anonima (50%)1

Vietnam
Aviva Vietnam Life Insurance Company Limited

Branches
The Group also operates through branches, the most significant of
which is based in Ireland.




                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                         217
                                  Strategic report                           Governance              IFRS financial statements              Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                           Continued


61 – Related Undertakings
The Companies Act 2006 requires disclosure of certain information about the Group’s related undertakings which is set out in this note.
Related undertakings comprise subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and other significant holdings. Significant holdings are where the
Group either has a shareholding greater than or equal to 20% of the nominal value of any share class, or a book value greater than 20% of
the Group’s assets.
     The definition of a subsidiary undertaking in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 is different from the definition under IFRS. As a
result, the related undertakings included within the list below may not be the same as the undertakings consolidated in the Group IFRS
financial statements. Refer to accounting policies (D) Consolidation principles for further detail on principles of consolidation and definition
of joint ventures.
     The Group’s related undertakings along with the country of incorporation, the registered address, the classes of shares held and the
effective percentage of equity owned at 31 December 2017 are disclosed below.

The direct related undertakings of the Company as at 31 December 2017 are listed below.
                                              Country of
Name of undertaking                           incorporation          Registered address                                                  Share class1                            % held
Aviva-COFCO Life Insurance                    China                  12/F,Block A,Landgent Centre, 20 East Third Ring Middle Road,       Ordinary shares                         50
Company Ltd2                                                         Beijing, 100022
General Accident plc                          United Kingdom         Pitheavlis, Perth, Perthshire, PH2 0NH                              Ordinary shares                         100
Aviva Group Holdings Limited                  United Kingdom         St Helen’s, 1 Undershaft, London, EC3P 3DQ                          Ordinary shares                         100


The indirect related undertakings of the Company as at 31 December 2017 are listed below:
Company name                                                        Share Class1           % held    Company name                                                 Share Class1            % held
Australia                                                                                            On L3R 5K3
c/o TMF Corporate Services (Aust) Pty                                                                Westmount Guarantee Services Inc.                     Common A Shares                   33
Ltd, L16, 201 Elizabeth Street, Sydney                                                               Cayman Islands
2000                                                                                                 115 East 57th Street, Suite 1019,New
Aviva Investors Pacific Pty Ltd                               Ordinary Shares                 100    York NY 10022
Barbados                                                                                             Belmont Global Trend Fund Ltd                              Mutual Fund                  27
c/o USA Risk Group (Barbados) Ltd., 6th                                                              China
Floor, CGI Tower, Warrens, St. Michael,                                                              Units 1805-1807, 18th Floor, Block H
BB22026                                                                                              Office Building, Phoenix Land Plaza, No.
Victoria Reinsurance Company Ltd.                             Common Shares                   100    A5 Yard, Shuguangxili, Chaoyang District,
Belgium                                                                                              Beijing
Avenue Louise 326, Boîte 30, 1050 Ixelles                                                            Aviva-Cofco Yi Li Asset Management Co Ltd2             Ordinary Shares                  21
Parnasse Square Invest                                         Ordinary Shares                100    Czech Republic
Bermuda                                                                                              1, Praha, Olivova 2069/4, PSC 110 00
Canon's Court, 22 Victoria Street,                                                                   SachsenFonds Asset Management Czech
Hamilton, HM 12                                                                                      s.r.o.                                                 Ordinary Shares                  98
Aviva Re Limited                                              Ordinary Shares                 100    5/482, Ve Svahu, Prague 4, 14700
Mintflower Place, 3rd Floor, 8 Par-la-Ville                                                          AIEREF Renewable Energy s.r.o.                         Ordinary Shares                  99
Road, Hamilton , Bermuda, HM 08                                                                      Rohankse, Nablezi,678/25, Prague 8-
ORN Capital Management (Bermuda) Ltd.                         Ordinary Shares                 100    Karlin, PC 186 00
Trinity Hall, 43 Cedar Avenue, Hamilton                                                              Riga Office East s.r.o.                                Ordinary Shares                 100
HM 12                                                                                                France
Lend Lease JEM Partners Fund Limited                          Ordinary Shares                  23    1 rue la Boétie, 75008 Paris
Canada                                                                                               SCI Trilogy                                             Ordinary Shares                  5
10 Aviva Way, Suite 100, Markham On                                                                  1, boulevard Haussmann, 75009, Paris
L6G 0G1                                                                                              Afer Actions Pme-Cl (Bpaapci)                                       FCP                100
9543864 Canada Inc.                                           Common Shares                   100    102 C Rue Amelot, 75011, Paris
Aviva Canada Inc.                                               Voting Interest               100    Aviva Impact Investing France                          Ordinary Shares                 100
Aviva General Insurance Company                               Common Shares                   100    11 rue la Boétie, 75008 Paris
Aviva Insurance Company of Canada                             Common Shares                   100    SAS Fontenay                                            Ordinary Shares                  5
Aviva Warranty Services Inc.                                  Common Shares                   100    11, Cours Valmy, 92800, Puteaux
Elite Insurance Company                                       Common Shares                   100    Helios Al                                                  Mutual Fund                 100
Insurance Agent Service Inc.                                  Common Shares                   100    112 Avenue Kleber,75784, Paris
National Home Warranty Group Inc.                             Common Shares                   100    Encore+French OPCI                                     Ordinary Shares                   5
OIS Ontario Insurance Service Limited                         Common Shares                   100    SCI 69 Haussmann                                       Ordinary Shares                   5
Pilot Insurance Company                                       Common Shares                   100    SCI Strasbourg                                         Ordinary Shares                   5
S&Y Insurance Company                                         Common Shares                   100    115 Rue Montmartre, 75002, Paris 2
Scottish & York Insurance Co. Limited                         Common Shares                   100    Vega Monétaire                                                      FCP                 20
Traders General Insurance Company                             Common Shares                   100    128 boulevard Raspail, 75006, Paris
Wayfarer Insurance Brokers Limited                            Common Shares                   100    Lfam-UFFoblig2-5A (Laflalb)                                         FCP                 88
100 King Street West, Suite 4900,                                                                    UFF Oblicontext 2021-A (UFFo21A)                                    FCP                 98
Toronto On M5X 2A2                                                                                   UFF Oblicontext 2023 A (UFFo23A)                                    FCP                 99
Aviva Investors Canada Inc.                                   Common Shares                   100    UFF Petrocontext C.                                                 FCP                 99
100, 10325 Bonaventure Drive S.E.,                                                                   13 Avenue le Brun, 92160, Antony
Calgary T2J 7E4                                                                                      SCPI Pierrevenus                                       Ordinary Shares                  75
A-Win Insurance Ltd.                                          Ordinary Shares                 100    13 Rue du Moulin Bailly, 92270, Bois
328 Mill Street, Unit 11, Beaverton L0K                                                              Colombes
1A0                                                                                                  11 Rue De L'Echelle                                    Ordinary Shares                 100
Bay-Mill Specialty Insurance Adjusters Inc.                   Common Shares                   100    Agents 3A                                              Ordinary Shares                  50
480 University Avenue, Suite 800,                                                                    Aviva Assurances, Société Anonyme
Toronto On M5G 1V2                                                                                   d'Assurances Incendie, Accidents et Risques
LMS Prolink Limited2                                      Common A Shares                      34    Divers                                                 Ordinary Shares                 100
555 Chabanel Ouest, Bureau 900,                                                                      13, Avenue Lebrun, 92188, Antony Cedex
Montreal QC H2N 2H8                                                                                  Pierrevenus                                            Ordinary Shares                  75
Aviva Agency Services Inc.                                Common A Shares                     100    14 Rue Roquépine, 75008, Paris
600 Cochrane Drive, Suite 205, Markham                                                               Aviva Investors France S.A                             Ordinary Shares                 100



                                                                            Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                               218
                                 Strategic report                    Governance            IFRS financial statements            Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                   Continued


Company name                                                Share Class1          % held   Company name                                               Share Class1   % held
153, Boulevard Haussmann, 75008, Paris                                                     Aviva Valeurs Francaises                                        SICAV        98
Selectus                                                           FCP               95    Aviva Valeurs Immobilieres                                      SICAV        75
17 Rue du Cirque, 75008, Paris                                                             Aviva Valorisation Opportunite                                    FCP        99
Financiere Du Carrousel                                Ordinary Shares               74    Aviva Valorisation Patrimoine                                     FCP        99
19, Avenue de Suffren, 75007, Paris                                                        Diversifie 0-70 M                                                 FCP        86
OPCI Preim Retail 1                                               OPCI               23    Fpe Aviva Eur Corp Senior Db2                            Mutual Fund         32
20 Place Vendôme, 75001, Paris                                                             Obligations 5-7 M                                                 FCP        75
AXA Lbo Fund IV Feeder                              Private Equity Fund              41    FPE Aviva Small & Midcap ASAM                           Mutual Funds        100
AXA UK Infrastructure Investment SAS                    Ordinary Shares             100    Rendement Diversifie M                                            FCP        96
Croissance Pme A C.                                        Mutual Fund              100    Uff Cap Defensif                                                  FCP       100
24 Rue de la Pépinière, 75008 Paris                                                        Uff Diversifie 0-70 A                                             FCP       100
Aviva Investors Euro Crédit Bonds 1-3 HD R                        FCP                27    Uff Eu-Val 0-100 A C.                                             FCP        99
Afer Actions Amerique Fcp                                         FCP               100    Uff Obligations 5-7 A                                             FCP        99
Aviva Actions Europe                                              FCP               100    Uff Rendement Diversifie A                                        FCP       100
Afer Actions Euro A                                               FCP               100    242, Rue de Rivoli, 75001, Paris
Afer Actions Monde                                                FCP               100    Capza Priv Debt 2 A C.                                          UCITS       100
Afer Convertibles C.                                              FCP               100    24-26 Rue De La Pépinière, 75008, Paris
Afer Diversifie Durable                                           FCP               100    100 Courcelles                                        Ordinary Shares       100
Afer Marches Emergents Fcp                                        FCP               100    AFER Immo                                             Ordinary Shares       100
Afer Obl Md Ent C.                                                FCP               100    AFER Immo 2                                           Ordinary Shares       100
Afer Patrimoine                                                   FCP               100    Aviva Commerce Europe                                 Ordinary Shares       100
Afer-Flore                                                        FCP                98    Aviva Immo Selection                                  Ordinary Shares       100
Afer-Sfer                                                       SICAV               100    Aviva Investors Real Estate France S.A.               Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Diversifie                                                SICAV                95    Aviva Investors Real Estate France SGP                Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Actions Croissance                                          FCP               100    Aviva Patrimoine Immobilier                           Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Actions Euro                                                FCP                98    Logiprime Europe                                    Ordinary A Shares       100
Aviva Actions France                                              FCP                81    Primotel Europe                                       Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Amerique                                                    FCP                97    SCI La Coupole Des Halles                             Ordinary Shares        98
Aviva Asie                                                        FCP               100    SCI Pergola                                           Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Convertibles                                              SICAV                92    Société Civile Immobilière Thomas Edison              Ordinary Shares        50
Aviva Conviction Opportunites                                     FCP               100    Sapphire Ile de France SCI                Ordinary Euro 1 Each Shares       100
Aviva Conviction Patrimoine                                       FCP               100    Afer Avenir Senior                                              SICAV       100
Aviva Developpement                                             SICAV               100    AFER Actions Euro 1                                               FCP       100
Aviva Eur Corp Senior Debts                                       FCT               100    Aviva Investors Inflation Euro Hd Fcp                             FCP        44
Aviva Europe                                                    SICAV                96    Aviva Investors Small & Mid Ca                                    FCP       100
Aviva Flexible C.                                         Mutual Fund               100    Aviva Investors Small & Mid Caps Europe I
Aviva Flexible Emergents A FCP                                    FCP               100    4D                                                                FCP       100
Aviva Flexible Emergents I FCP                                    FCP               100    Aviva Investors Valorisation                                      FCP       100
Aviva France Opportunites                                         FCP                94    Aviva Investors Yield Curve Abs Ret                               FCP       100
Aviva Grdes Marq A C.                                             FCP               100    Aviva Japan                                                       FCP       100
Aviva Interoblig                                                  FCP               100    Aviva Messine 5                                                   FCP       100
Aviva Investors Actions Euro                                      FCP                83    Aviva Performance Divers.Fcp                                      FCP       100
Aviva Investors Alpha Taux A                                      FCP               100    Aviva Valeurs Responsable A                                       FCP       100
Aviva Investors Alpha Yield                                       FCP                95    32, avenue d’Iéna, 75116 Paris
Aviva Investors Britannia (D)                                   SICAV               100    Aviva Capital Planete (Avicapa)                                   FCP       100
Aviva Investors Conviction                                        FCP               100    CGP Entrepreneurs                                     Ordinary Shares        74
Aviva Investors Credit Europe(C)                                  FCP                56    Myria Asset Management                                Ordinary Shares        74
Aviva Investors Credit Europe(D)                                  FCP                74    UFF Selection Alpha-A (Ufselaa)                                   FCP        98
Aviva Investors Eu Aggr A C.                                      FCP                77    UFF Actions France-Aeur (UFFacfa)                                 FCP       100
Aviva Inv.E.Aggr.I                                                FCP                99    UFF Avenir Euro Valeur (Uaeuro)                                   FCP       100
Aviva Investors Eur Cre Bd                                        FCP                81    UFF Cap Diversifie (UCAPDIV)                                      FCP        50
Aviva Investors Euro Com R E D                                    FCP               100    UFF Capital Planete A (Aviufcp)                                   FCP        98
Aviva Investors Euro Crédit Bonds 1-3 HD                          FCP                51    UFF Croissance Pme A (Ucapcro)                                    FCP       100
Aviva Investors Japan                                             FCP                99    UFF Emergence-A (UFFemga)                                         FCP        99
Aviva Investors Monetaire (C)                                     FCP                59    UFF Emergence-I (Aviuemi)                                         FCP       100
Aviva Investors Monetaire (D)                                     FCP                96    UFF Europe Opportunites-Aeur (UFFgeua)                            FCP        99
Aviva Investors Monetaire (P)                                     FCP               100    UFF Global Foncieres-A (Ufgf70A)                                  FCP        99
Aviva Investors Portefeuille                                      FCP               100    UFF Global Multi-Strategie-A (Ufglmsa)                            FCP        99
Aviva Investors Reference Div                                     FCP               100    UFF Global Obligations-A (Ufgf30A)                                FCP        97
Aviva Investors Selection                                         FCP               100    UFF Global Reactif-A (Ufgf10A)                                    FCP        96
Aviva Investors Small & Mid Caps Europe                                                    UFF Liberty-A (UFFliba)                                           FCP       100
14D                                                               FCP               100    UFF Selection Premium A (Uavfran)                                 FCP        98
Aviva Investors Valeurs                                           FCP               100    Ufifrance Gestion                                     Ordinary Shares        74
Aviva Investors Valeurs Europe                                    FCP                91    Ufifrance Patrimoine                                  Ordinary Shares        74
Aviva Investors Yield Curve Abs Rt R                              FCP               100    Union Financière de France Banque                     Ordinary Shares        74
Aviva Monetaire Isr (A)                                           FCP                97    36 Rue De Naples 75008 Paris
Aviva Monetaire Isr (I)                                           FCP                79    SCPI UFI France Immobilier                                       SCPI        20
Aviva Multigestion                                                FCP                98    Ufifrance Immobilier                                  Ordinary Shares        20
Aviva Oblig International                                       SICAV                88    Cybele Am – Bellatrix-C (THIPATC)                               SICAV        78
Aviva Oblirea                                                   SICAV                97    Cybele Am Betelgeuse (BETGUSV)                                  SICAV        92
Aviva Patrimoine                                                SICAV                96    Cybele Am Sirius (VICSIRS)                                      SICAV        97
Aviva Performance                                                 FCP               100    Cybele Eur Israel Croissance (FRAISCR)                          SICAV        85
Aviva Rebond Part A                                               FCP                83    37 Avenue des Champs Elysées, 75008,
Aviva Rendement Europe                                          SICAV                95    Paris
Aviva Repo Fcp                                                    FCP               100    Société Française de Gestion et
Aviva Selection Opportunites                                      FCP                99    d'Investissement                                    Ordinary B Shares        57
Aviva Selection Patrimoine                                        FCP                99    39 Rue Saint-Simon , Greenopolis, 69009,
Aviva Signatures Europe                                           FCP                99    Lyon
Aviva Structure Idx 1 C.                                          FCP               100    ALTIA                                                 Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Structure Index 2                                           FCP               100    Infinitis                                             Ordinary Shares        74
Aviva Structure Index 4 C.                                        FCP               100    4 Rue Marivaux,75002, Paris
Aviva Structure Index3                                    Mutual Fund               100    7-13 Boulevard Paul Emile Victor S.a.r.l              Ordinary Shares       100



                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                       219
                                Strategic report                    Governance            IFRS financial statements             Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                  Continued


Company name                                               Share Class1          % held   Company name                                              Share Class1   % held
French Core + Two S.a.r.l                            Ordinary Shares                 5    Reschop Carré Marketing GmbH                       Ordinary Shares         100
SAS Core + Metz                                      Ordinary Shares                 5    Max-Planck-Strasse, 3,85609 Aschheim-
SAS Core + Tour Franklin                             Ordinary Shares                 5    Dornach
SAS Core + Tour Franklin 2                           Ordinary Shares                 5    ASF German Retail GmbH & Co. KG                    Ordinary Shares          98
SCI Aix en Provence                                  Ordinary Shares                 5    German Retail Associate Properties Sarl            Ordinary Shares          98
SCI Bondy Nord                                       Ordinary Shares                 5    German Retail I GmbH                               Ordinary Shares          98
SCI Buchelay 78                                      Ordinary Shares                 5    German Retail II GmbH                              Ordinary Shares          98
SCI Cormontreuil                                     Ordinary Shares                 5    German Retail IV GmbH                              Ordinary Shares          98
41 Rue Capitaine Guynemer, 92400,                                                         German Retail IX GmbH                              Ordinary Shares          98
Courbevoie                                                                                German Retail V GmbH                               Ordinary Shares          98
Logipierre 1                                         Ordinary Shares                44    German Retail VII GmbH                             Ordinary Shares          98
Selectipierre 2                                      Ordinary Shares                29    German Retail VIII GmbH                            Ordinary Shares          98
SCPI Logipierre 1                                    Ordinary Shares                44    SachsenFonds Asset Management GmbH                 Ordinary Shares          98
SCPI Sélectipierre 2                                 Ordinary Shares                29    Speditionstraße 23, 40221 Düsseldorf
47 rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré, 75008,                                                   Projektgesellschaft Hafenspitze mbH                Ordinary Shares          95
Paris 8                                                                                   Guernsey
Aviva Selection (Edmasio)                                         FCP              100    Dorey Court Admiral Park, St Peter Port,
CGU Equilibre                                                     FCP               89
                                                                                          Guernsey, GY1 2HT
Diapason 1                                                        FCP               86
                                                                                          First Meridian Cautious Balanced Fund GBP                       OEIC        30
L'Antenne-U (Edmlanu)                                             FCP               97
                                                                                          First Meridian Cautious Balanced Fund USD                       OEIC        22
UFF Global Convertibles A                                         FCP              100
                                                                                          The Fincrest Global Equity Fund                                 OEIC        36
53 avenue d'Iéna
                                                                                          PO Box 25, Regency Court, Glategny
UFF Valeurs Pme-A (Fintrma)                                       FCP               99    Esplanade, St Peter Port, GY1 3AP
62 Rue de la Chaussee d'Antin, 75009
                                                                                          Friends Life Group Limited                         Ordinary Shares         100
Paris
                                                                                          PO Box 255, Trafalgar Court, Les
GEBPF Marseille (France) SARL                        Ordinary Shares                50    Banques, St. Peter Port, GY1 3QL
Vauban Developpement SARL                            Ordinary Shares               100    AXA Property Trust Ltd                                          OEIC        28
7 Rue Auber, 75009, Paris
                                                                                          F&C Commercial Property Trust Limited                           OEIC        20
Vip Conseils                                         Ordinary Shares                34    PO Box 287, 4th Floor, West Wing,
70 Avenue De L'Europe, 92270 Bois-                                                        Trafalgar Court, Admiral Park,
Colombes                                                                                  WSF Asian Pacific Fund                                          OEIC        22
Aviva Epargne Retraite                               Ordinary Shares               100    St Martin's House, Le Bordage, St Peter
Aviva Investissements                                Ordinary Shares               100    Port
Aviva Vie, Société Anonyme d'Assurances                                                   Paragon Insurance Company Guernsey
Vie et de Capitalisation                             Ordinary Shares               100    Limited                                            Ordinary Shares          47
Epargne Actuelle                                     Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                          Hong Kong
Innov'Now                                            Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                          21st Floor, Chater House, 8 Connaught
Newco 2                                              Ordinary Shares               100    Road Central
Newco 3                                              Ordinary Shares               100    JPMorgan Indonesia Fund                                        SICAV        30
Newco 4                                              Ordinary Shares               100    6th Floor, Alexandra House, 18 Chater
SCI Pesaro                                           Ordinary Shares                79    Road, Central
Société Civile Immobilière Carpe Diem                Ordinary Shares                50    Aviva Life Insurance Company Limited               Ordinary Shares         100
Societe Civile Immobiliere Charles Hermite           Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                          India
Societe Civile Immobiliere Montaigne                 Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                          2nd Floor, Prakash Deep Building 7,,
80 Avenue De L'Europe, 92270 Bois-
Colombes                                                                                  Tolstoy Marg, New Delhi, Delhi, 110001
Aviva France                                         Ordinary Shares               100    CGU Project Services Private Limited                  Rs.10 Shares         100
Aviva Solutions                                      Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Life Insurance Company India
Croissance Pierre II                                 Ordinary Shares               100    Limited2                                           Ordinary Shares          49
Groupement D'Interet Economique du                                                        A-47 (L.G.F), Hauz Khas, New Delhi, Delhi
Groupe Aviva France                                  Ordinary Shares               100    Sesame Group India Private Limited                 Ordinary Shares         100
Locamat SAS                                          Ordinary Shares               100    Pune Office Addresses 103/P3, Pentagon,
Newco                                                Ordinary Shares               100    Magarpatta City, Hadapsar, Pune –
Selectinvie – Societe Civile Immobiliere             Ordinary Shares               100    411013
                                                                                          A.G.S. Customer Services (India) Private
Selectipierre – Société Civile                       Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                          Limited                                            Ordinary Shares         100
Societe Concessionaire des Immeubles de
la Pepiniere                                         Ordinary Shares               100    Indonesia
Victoire Immo 1- Société Civile                      Ordinary Shares               100    Pondok Indah Office Tower 3, 1st Floor,
Voltaire S.A.S                                       Ordinary Shares               100    Jl. Sultan Iskandar Muda Kav. V-TA,
83-85 Avenue Marceau, 75016, Paris                                                        Pondok Indah, Jakarta Selatan, Jakarta,
Primonial Real Estate Investment                                                          12310
Management                                           Ordinary Shares                25    PT Astra Aviva Life2                               Ordinary Shares          50
9 Rue Jadin, 75017, Paris
                                                                                          Ireland
Opci Résidial                                                    OPCI               35
                                                                                          24/26 City Quay, Dublin 2
90 Boulevard Pasteur, 75015, Paris
                                                                                          Aviva Life Holdings Ireland Limited                Ordinary Shares         100
Aviva Actions S2 C.                                               FCP              100
                                                                                          Aviva Services Payment Limited                     Ordinary Shares         100
Aviva Couv Actions C.                                             FCP              100
                                                                                          Aviva Undershaft Five Limited                      Ordinary Shares          70
91-93 Boulevard Pasteur, 75015, Paris
                                                                                          Aviva Undershaft One Se                            Ordinary Shares         100
SCI Campus Medicis St Denis                          Ordinary Shares                30
                                                                                          Aviva Undershaft Three Se                          Ordinary Shares         100
SCI Campus Rimbaud St Denis                          Ordinary Shares                30
Avenue du general Leclerc, 92340 Bourg-                                                   25/28 North Wall Quay, Dublin
La-Reine                                                                                  CGWM Select Affinity Fund                                       OEIC        24
Kroknet S.A.R.L.                                     Ordinary Shares                75    CGWM Select Global Affinity Fund                                OEIC        64
Tour Majunga – La Défense 9, 6 place de                                                   CGWM Select Global Diversity Fund                               OEIC        37
la Pyramide                                                                               CGWM Select Global Opportunity Fund                             OEIC        57
Premiere Categorie-(CAXPRCAC)                                   SICAV               85    CGWM Select Opportunity Fund                                    OEIC        41
                                                                                          European Wealth Global Managed Strategy
Germany                                                                                   Fund                                                         OEIC           22
c/o Wswp Weinert GmbH, Theatinerstr.
                                                                                          Anna Livia Properties Limited                      Ordinary Shares         100
31, 80333, Munich
                                                                                          Aviva Investors Euro Liquidity Fund                           ICVC          96
                                             Series A Shares, Series B
                                                                                          Aviva Investors Sterling Government
FPB Holdings GmbH                                              Shares              100
                                                                                          Liquidity Fund                                                  ICVC        94
Eschenheimer Anlage 1, 60316, Frankfurt
                                                                                          Aviva Investors Sterling Liquidity Fund                         ICVC        86
Reschop Carré Hattingen GmbH                         Ordinary Shares               100



                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                      220
                                    Strategic report                     Governance            IFRS financial statements                Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                       Continued


Company name                                                    Share Class1          % held   Company name                                                 Share Class1   % held
Aviva Investors Sterling Strategic Liquidity                                                   W Nine UT2                                                   Unit Trust        50
Fund                                                                  ICVC               80    3rd Floor Walker House, 28-34 Hill Street,
GA Life Property Ireland Limited                           Ordinary Shares              100    St Helier, JE4 8PN
2nd Floor IFSC House, Int'l Financial                                                          1 Fitzroy Place Jersey Unit Trust2                           Unit Trust        50
Services Centre, Custom House Docks                                                            2 Fitzroy Place Jersey Unit Trust2                           Unit Trust        50
Baring Korea Feeder Fund                                         Unit Trust              22    Citco Jersey Limited, Second Floor, No. 4
33 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2                                                          The Forum, Grenville Street, St Helier,
L&G Multi-Index Eur III-NEA (LGE3IEA)                                 ICAV              100    JE2 4UF
L&G Multi-Index Eur IV-NEA (LGE4IEA)                                  ICAV              100    Yatra Capital                                         Ordinary Shares         100
L&G Multi-Index Eur V-NEA (LGE5IEA)                                   ICAV              100    Gaspe House,66-72 Esplanade, St Helier,
LG World Equity-N EUR ACC (LGWEIEA)                                   ICAV               39    JE2 3QT
Central Quey, Riverside IV4, Sir John                                                          Aviva Investors European Property Fund of
Rogerson's Quey, Dublin 2                                                                      Funds                                                 Ordinary Shares           0
Invesco Emerging Markets Equity Fund                             Unit Trust              30    Aviva Investors Global Real Estate Fund of
Invesco Funds Series – Invesco UK Equity                                                       Funds                                                 Ordinary Shares           0
Fund                                                             Unit Trust              28    Le Masurier House, La Rue Le Masurier,
Invesco Global Health Care Fund                                  Unit Trust              28    St Helier, JE2 4YE
Invesco Global Select Equity Fund                                Unit Trust              32    Yatra – (Saffron)                                     Ordinary Shares         100
Invesco Global Technology Fund                                   Unit Trust              27    Lime Grove House , Green Street, St
Georges Court, 54-62 Townsend Street,                                                          Helier, JE1 2ST
Dublin 2                                                                                       20 Gracechurch Unit Trust                                    Unit Trust       100
                                                    Shares Of No Par Value                     COW Real Estate Associate Unit Trust                         Unit Trust       100
                                               Shares, 1 Subscriber Euro €1                    Designer Retail Outlet Centres (Livingston)
FPPE Fund Public Limited Company                                     Shares             100    Unit Trust                                                   Unit Trust        50
GAM Star Growth                                                       OEIC               22    Designer Retail Outlet Centres (Mansfield)
Guild House, Guild Street, IFRS, Dublin 1                                                      Unit Trust                                                   Unit Trust        50
Aviva Irl Merrion Investment Trust                               Unit Trust              44    Designer Retail Outlet Centres (York) Unit
One Park Place, Hatch Street, Dublin 2                                                         Trust                                                        Unit Trust        50
Area Life International Assurance dac                   A Shares, B Shares              100    Designer Retail Outlet Centres Unit Trust                    Unit Trust        50
Aviva Direct Ireland Limited                              Ordinary Shares               100    Quantum Property Unit Trust2                                 Unit Trust        50
Aviva Driving School Ireland Limited                      Ordinary Shares               100    Serviced Offices UK Unit Trust2                              Unit Trust        50
Aviva Group Ireland Limited                               Ordinary Shares               100    Southgate Unit Trust                                         Unit Trust        50
Aviva Group Services Ireland Limited                      Ordinary Shares                92    Lithuania
Aviva Investors Ireland Holdings Limited                  Ordinary Shares               100    Lvovo g. 25, Vilnius, LT-09320
Aviva Investors Ireland Limited                           Ordinary Shares               100    Uždaroji akcinė gyvybės draudimo ir
Aviva Life Services Ireland Limited                       Ordinary Shares                92    pensijų bendrovė ‘Aviva Lietuva’ (Joint
Aviva OPP One Designated Activity                                                              Stock Limited Life Insurance and Pension
Company                                                    Ordinary Shares              100    Company Aviva Lietuva)                                Ordinary Shares          90
Aviva Trustee Company Ireland Designated                                                       Luxembourg
Activity Company                                           Ordinary Shares               92
                                                                                               10 rue du Fort Bourbon, L-1249
Aviva Undershaft Four Limited                              Ordinary Shares              100
                                                                                               VH German Mandate                                     Ordinary Shares         100
Peak Re Designated Activity Company                        Ordinary Shares              100
                                                                                               11 rue Aldringen, L-1118
Isle of Man                                                                                    KMG Sicav – SIF Devere Global Frontier
Royal Court, Castletown, IM9 1RA                                                               Markets Fund                                                      SICAV        25
                                               Ordinary B Shares, Ordinary                     11 rue du Fort Bourbon, L-1249
Friends Provident International Limited                            Shares               100    Centaurus Sarl                                        Ordinary Shares         100
Friends Provident International Services                                                       12 rue du Fort Bourbon, L-1249
Limited                                                    Ordinary Shares              100    Victor Hugo                                           Ordinary Shares         100
Knox House, 16-18 Finch Road, Douglas,                                                         14 rue du Fort Bourbon, L-1249
IM1 2PT                                                                                        Aviva Investors European Renewable
KHG Balanced Portfolio Fund                                           OEIC               68    Energy S.A.                                           Ordinary Shares         100
Italy                                                                                          15 rue du Fort Bourbon, L-1249
c/o State Street Bank, via Nizza 262/57,                                                       Aviva Investors European Secondary
10126 Torino                                                                                   Infrastructure Credit Fund                            Ordinary Shares         100
Fondo Armilla – Fondo Immobiliare Chiuso                                                       16 Avenue de la Gare, 1610
A Distr                                                                FCP               58    Aviva Investors Luxembourg Services S.à r.l.          Ordinary Shares         100
Piazzetta Guastalla 1, 20122, Milan                                                            Aviva Investors Polish Retail S.à r.l.                Ordinary Shares         100
Banca Network Investimenti SPA                             Ordinary Shares               25    16 rue Jean-Pierre Brasseur, L-1258
Via Scarsellini 14, 20161, Milan                                                               VAM Funds (Lux) – International Real Estate
Agenzia Aviva Srl                                         Ordinary Shares               100    Equity Fund                                                       SICAV        31
Avipop Assicurazioni SpA                                  Ordinary Shares                50    VAM Managed Funds (Lux) – Close Brothers
Avipop Vita SpA                                           Ordinary Shares                50    Balanced Fund                                                     SICAV        27
                                                                                               VAM Managed Funds (Lux) – Close Brothers
Aviva Italia Holding S.p.A                                Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                               Growth Fund                                                       SICAV        22
Aviva Italia S.p.A                                        Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                               19 rue du Fort Bourbon, L-1249
Aviva Italia Servizi Scarl                                Ordinary Shares                80
                                                                                               Lend Lease Retail Partners                            Ordinary Shares         100
Aviva Life SPA                                            Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                               1c rue Gabriel Lippmann
Aviva SPA                                                 Ordinary Shares                51
                                                                                               Patriarch Classic B&W Global Freestyle                              FCP        27
Aviva Vita S.p.A                                          Ordinary Shares                80
                                                                                               2 Boulevard de la Foire, L-1528
Petunia Spa                                              Ordinary A Shares               51
                                                                                               Coral Student Portfolio                                         SICAV          20
Jersey                                                                                         Pramerica Pan-European Real Estate Fund               Ordinary Shares          62
19-21 Broad Street, St Helier, JE1 3PB                                                         2 Rue de Bitbourg, L-1273
11-12 Hanover Square UT2                                         Unit Trust              50    Henderson Horizon – European Growth
130 Fenchurch Street UT2                                         Unit Trust              50    Fund                                                              SICAV        33
30 Warwick Street UT2                                            Unit Trust              50    2 Rue du Fort Bourbon, L-1249
30-31 Golden Square UT2                                          Unit Trust              50    AFRP S.à r.l.                                         Ordinary Shares         100
Aviva Investors Jersey Unit Trusts                                                             AIEREF Holding 1 S.a.r.l                                Equity Shares          44
Management Limited                                         Ordinary Shares              100    AIEREF Holding 2 S.a.r.l                                Equity Shares         100
Barratt House UT2                                               Unit Trust               50    Aviva Inv Continental European Long Lease
Chancery House London UT2                                       Unit Trust               50    Strategy Fund                                         Ordinary Shares          48
Irongate House UT2                                              Unit Trust               50    Aviva Investors Alternative Income
New Broad Street House UT2                                      Unit Trust               50    Solutions General Partner S.à r.l.                    Ordinary Shares         100
Pegasus House and Nuffield House UT2                            Unit Trust               50    Aviva Investors Alternative Income                 Limited Partnership        100



                                                                        Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                           221
                                   Strategic report                     Governance            IFRS financial statements              Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                      Continued


Company name                                                   Share Class1          % held   Company name                                               Share Class1   % held
Solutions Limited Partnership                                                                 Encore Plus Lux Co Metzanine II S.à r.l.              Ordinary Shares         5
Aviva Investors Asian Equity Income Fund                            SICAV               77    Encore Plus Properties I S.à r.l.                     Ordinary Shares         5
Aviva Investors Associate Solutions                                                           Encore Plus Properties II S.à r.l.                    Ordinary Shares         5
Emerging Markets Debt Fund                                          SICAV              100    Encore Plus Properties III S.à r.l.                   Ordinary Shares         5
Aviva Investors Associate Solutions                                                           Encore Plus Real Estate Bad Cannstatt S.à
Perspective 2024                                                    SICAV              100    r.l.                                                  Ordinary Shares         5
                                                                                              Encore+                                                            FCP        5
Aviva Investors Associate Solutions                                                           Encore+ Kirchberg S.à r.l.                            Ordinary Shares         5
Perspective 2026                                                    SICAV              100    Hexagone S.à r.l.                                     Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Investors Associate Solutions                                                           Project Lion Vitus Group                              Ordinary Shares       100
Perspective 2028                                                    SICAV              100    Sapphire Ile de France 1 S.à.r.l.                     Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Investors Associate Solutions                                                           Sapphire Ile de France 2 S.à r.l.                     Ordinary Shares       100
Perspective 2030                                                    SICAV              100    VH German Mandate                                     Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Investors Associate Solutions
                                                                                              Victor Hugo 1 S.à r.l.                     Ordinary Each Eur 25 Shares      100
Perspective 2032                                                    SICAV              100
                                                                                              2 Rue du Fort Bourbon, L-1249
Aviva Investors Associate Solutions
                                                                                              Aviva Investors Cells Fund                                         FCP       50
Perspective 2034                                                    SICAV              100
                                                                                              26 Avenue De La Liberte, L-1930
Aviva Investors Associate Solutions
                                                                                              Vam Managed Funds (Lux) Driehaus Uk £
Perspective 2036                                                   SICAV               100
                                                                                              Fund                                                             SICAV       44
Aviva Investors Cells (GP) S.à r.l.                      Ordinary Shares                48
                                                                                              3 rue des Labours, L-1912
Aviva Investors CELLS Holding Sarl                       Ordinary Shares                48
                                                                                              Haspa Trendkonzept                                                 FCP       37
Aviva Investors CELLS SCSp                            Limited Partnership               48
                                                                                              37/A Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855
Aviva Investors CELLS Stern Sarl                         Ordinary Shares                48
                                                                                              Ubi Sicav Euro Fixed Income Cl I                                 SICAV       25
Aviva Investors Debt Europe Fund                         Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                              Ubi Sicav Short Term Eur Sicav Cl I                              SICAV       29
Aviva Investors Dynamic Master Fund                                SICAV               100
                                                                                              4 rue du Fort Bourbon, L-1249
Aviva Investors EBC S.à r.l.                             Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                              Vitus                                                 Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Investors Emerging Europe Equity
                                                                                              42 rue de la Vallée, L-2661
Fund                                                                SICAV                6
                                                                                              World Investment Opportunities Funds –
Aviva Investors Emerging Markets Bond
                                                                                              China Performance Fund                                           SICAV       26
Fund                                                                SICAV               76
                                                                                              47 avenue John F Kennedy
Aviva Investors Emerging Markets Corporate
                                                                                              Goodman European Business Park Fund
Bond Fund                                                           SICAV               84
                                                                                              (Lux) S.àr.l.                                         Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Investors Emerging Markets Debt
Opportunities Fund                                                  SICAV              100    49 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855
Aviva Investors Emerging Markets Equity                                                       AXA IM Cash Sterling Strategic Fund                                FCP       21
Income Fund                                                         SICAV               98    db x-trackers II Eurozone Government Bond
Aviva Investors Emerging Markets Equity                                                       15+ UCITS ETF (DR)                                               SICAV       35
Small Cap Fund                                                      SICAV               91    F&C European Growth & Income Fund                                SICAV      100
Aviva Investors Emerging Markets Local                                                        F&C Portfolios Fund – F&C Diversified
Currency Bond Fund                                                  SICAV               96    Growth                                                           SICAV       70
Aviva Investors European Corporate Bond                                                       6 Route de Treves Senningerberg, L-2633
Fund                                                                SICAV               66    JPMorgan US Dollar Money Market Fund                             SICAV        0
Aviva Investors European Equity Fund                                SICAV               60    Jupiter Global Fund – Jupiter Global
Aviva Investors European Equity Income                                                        Financials                                                       SICAV       22
Fund                                                                SICAV               99    Jupiter Global Fund – Jupiter New Europe                         SICAV       53
Aviva Investors European Real Estate                                                          Momentum Global Funds Harmony
Securities Fund                                                     SICAV               73    Portfolios US Dollar Balanced Fund                               SICAV       21
Aviva Investors Global Aggregate Bond                                                         Momentum Global Funds Harmony
Fund                                                                SICAV               94    Portfolios US Dollar Growth                                      SICAV       23
Aviva Investors Global Associate Grade                                                        6 rue du Fort Bourbon, L-1249
Corporate Bond Fund                                                 SICAV               97    German Retail Associate Property Fund
Aviva Investors Global Convertibles                                                           FCP-SIF                                                            FCP       98
Absolute Return Fund                                                SICAV               70    German Retail III GmbH                                Ordinary Shares        98
Aviva Investors Global Convertibles Fund                            SICAV               54    Sachsenfonds GmbH                                     Ordinary Shares        98
Aviva Investors Global Emerging Markets                                                       7 rue du Fort Bourbon, L-1249
Index Fund                                                          SICAV              100    LogAxes Investment Properties S.à.r.l                 Ordinary Shares        85
Aviva Investors Global Equity Endurance                                                       Logaxes Fund, FCP-SIF                                              FCP       85
Fund                                                                SICAV              100    8-10 rue Jean Monnet, L-2180
Aviva Investors Global High Yield Bond Fund                         SICAV               61    Pioneer Fund Solutions Conservative                              SICAV       25
Aviva Investors Long Term European Bond                                                       9 rue du Fort Bourbon, L-1249
Fund                                                                SICAV               74    EPI NU Sarl                                           Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Investors Luxembourg                       Nominal Par Value Shares              100    Boulevard Konrad Adenauer
Aviva Investors Multi-Strategy Fixed Income                                                   Deutsche European Property Fund                       Ordinary Shares        28
Fund                                                                SICAV              100    c/o CACEIS BANK Lux, 5, Allée Scheffer, L-
Aviva Investors Multi-Strategy Target                                                         2520
Income Fund                                                         SICAV               79    Tikehau Italy Retail Fund Ii Scsp-Area12                           FCP       34
Aviva Investors Multi-Strategy Target Return                                                  SARL2, rue du Fort Bourbon,L-1249
Fund                                                                SICAV               58    Encore+ Gallus S.à r.l.                               Ordinary Shares         5
Aviva Investors Short Duration Global High
Yield Bond Fund                                                     SICAV               71
                                                                                              Malta
Aviva Investors Short Term European Bond                                                      184 St. Lucia Street, Valletta, VLT 1189
Fund                                                                SICAV               93    Herakles                                                        SICAV        50
Aviva Investors Strategic Multi Asset Fund                          SICAV              100    Mauritius
Aviva Investors UK Equity Focus Fund                                SICAV               76    4th Floor, Raffles Tower, 19 Cybercity,
Aviva Investors US Equity Income Fund                               SICAV               67    Ebene
Centaurus CER (Aviva Investors) Sarl                      Ordinary Shares              100    Reliance Emergent India Fund                                     OEIC        30
Encore + Bedburg S.à r.l.                                 Ordinary Shares                5    Les Cascades, Edith Cavell Street, Port
Encore + Bergkirchen S.à.r.l.                             Ordinary Shares                5    Louis
Encore + Gravity S.à r.l.                                 Ordinary Shares                5    Actis China Investment Company Limited                   Us$ A Shares        50
Encore + Rheinfelden S.à r.l.                             Ordinary Shares                5    Netherlands
Encore Plus Lombardia Sàrl                                Ordinary Shares                5    BVSimon Carmiggeltsraat 12, 1011 DJ,
Encore Plus Lux Co Diamants II S.à r.l.                   Ordinary Shares                5    Amsterdam
Encore Plus Lux Co Franklin II S.à r.l.                   Ordinary Shares                5    Encore+ Kennedy BV                                    Ordinary Shares         5
Encore Plus Lux Co Ile de la Jatte II S.à.r.l.            Ordinary Shares                5    Simon Canniggelstaat,12,1D11 DJ,
                                                                                              Amsterdam


                                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                          222
                                Strategic report                  Governance            IFRS financial statements              Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                Continued


Company name                                             Share Class1          % held   Company name                                               Share Class1   % held
Encore + Eurocenter II BV                           Ordinary Shares                5    Professional Advisory Holdings Ltd.                 Ordinary A Shares        92
Encore + Logistics Spain B.V.                       Ordinary Shares                5    Professional Investment Advisory Services
Encore + Netherlands BV                             Ordinary Shares                5    Pte Ltd                                             Ordinary A Shares        92
Encore + Spain I BV                                 Ordinary Shares                5    6 Temasek Boulevard, #29-00, Suntec
Poland                                                                                  Tower 4, 038986
                                                                                        Aviva Asia Digital Pte. Ltd.                          Ordinary Shares       100
Pl. Władysława Andersa 5, 61-894 Poznań
                                                                                        Aviva Asia Pte Ltd                                    Ordinary Shares       100
Arka Prestiż Obligacji Skarbowych                             UCITS               26
                                                                                        Aviva Financial Advisers Pte. Ltd                     Ordinary Shares       100
Al. Aleje Jerozolimskie, nr 56C 00-803,
                                                                                        Aviva Global Services (Management
Warszawa
                                                                                        Services) Private Ltd.                               Ordinary Shares        100
Durhy Associates Sp. z o.o.                         Ordinary Shares                5
Al. Jana Pawła II 25, 00-854 , Warszawa                                                 Spain
Focus Park Piotrków Trybunalski sp.z o.o            Ordinary Shares              100    2 Plaza de la Fuensanta, Murcia
Lodz BC Sp. z o.o                                   Ordinary Shares              100    CajaMurcia Vida y Pensiones de Seguros y
Wroclaw BC sp. z.o.o                                Ordinary Shares              100    Reaseguros SA                                         Ordinary Shares        50
Inflancka 4b, 00-189 Warszawa                                                           28-30 Ronda General Mittre, 08017,
Aviva Investors FIO Aktywnej Alokacji                         UCITS               33    Barcelona
Aviva Investors Fio Depozyt Plus                              UCITS               40    Catalina Islands, SLU                                 Ordinary Shares         5
Aviva Investors Fio Malych Spolek                             UCITS               52    Encore Plus Logistica S.L.                            Ordinary Shares         5
Aviva Investors Fio Nowoczesnych                                                        Encore Plus Vaguada SL                                Ordinary Shares         5
Technologii                                                   UCITS               69    9 Camino Fuente de la Mora, Madrid
Aviva Investors Fio Nowych Spolek                             UCITS               82    Aviva Grupo Corporativo S.L.                          Ordinary Shares        92
Aviva Investors Fio Obligacji                                 UCITS               81    Avda Andalucia, 10-12, Malaga
Aviva Investors Fio Polskich Akcji                            UCITS               49    Ahorro Andaluz, S.A                                   Ordinary Shares        50
Aviva Investors Sfio Akcyjny                                  UCITS              100    Avda de Bruselas – Numero 13, Edificio,
Aviva Investors Sfio Aviva Lokacyjny                          UCITS               69    America, Piso 1, Puerta d,Alcobendas 28-
Aviva Investors Sfio Dluzny                                   UCITS              100    Madrid
Aviva Investors Sfio Pap Nieskarbowych                        UCITS              100    Eólica Almatret S.L.                                  Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Investors Sfio Pieniezny                                UCITS              100    Avenida Fernando de los Rios, 6, Granada
                                                                                        Caja Granada Vida, Compañía de Seguros y
Aviva Investors Sfio Spolek Dywidend                          UCITS              100
                                                                                        Reaseguros Sociedad Anonima                           Ordinary Shares        25
Aviva Sfio Subfundusz Aviva
                                                                                        Calle Hermosilla 11, 4a Planta, 28001
Oszczędnościowy                                               UCITS               72
                                                                                        Madrid
Pl. Andersa 5, 61-894 Poznań
                                                                                        Tayasi ITG SL                                         Ordinary Shares         5
BZ WBK – Aviva Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen
Ogolnych S.A.                                       Ordinary Shares               51    Paseo della Castellana 202, 28046 Madrid
BZ WBK-Aviva Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń                                                    RPFI Tormes SL                                        Ordinary Shares         5
na Życie Spółka Akcyjna                             Ordinary Shares               51    Santa Engracia 67
Ul. Burakowska 5/7, 01-066 , Warszawa                                                   Pelayo Vida Seguros Y Reaseguros Sociedad
Berkley Investments S.A.                           Ordinary A Shares              90    Anonima                                               Ordinary Shares        50
Porowneo.Pl Sp. Z O.O                               Ordinary Shares               75    Calle Nanclares de Ora, numero 1-B,
                                                                                        Madrid, 28022
Ul. Prosta 69, 00-838 Warsaw, 00-838,
Warsaw                                                                                  To do real Estate Investment                          Ordinary Shares       100
                                                                                        Avda del Fuerte, S/N, Hotel el Fuerte,
AdRate Sp. z o.o.                                   Ordinary Shares               90
                                                                                        Marbella, Málaga
Expander Advisors Sp. z o.o.                        Ordinary Shares               90
                                                                                        San Ramon Hoteles                                     Ordinary Shares       100
Life Plus Sp. z o.o.                                Ordinary Shares               90
Ul.Inflancka 4B, 00-189, Warsaw                                                         Sri Lanka
Aviva Investors Poland Towarzystwo                                                      216 De Saram Place, Colombo 10
Funduszy Inwestycyjnych S.A.                       Ordinary D shares              95    A.G.S Lanka (Private) Limited                         6 Pence Shares        100
Aviva Powszechne Towarzystwo Emerytalne                                                 Sweden
Aviva BZ WBK S.A.                                  Ordianry A Shares              81    Box 239, 72106,Vasteraas
Aviva Services Spółka z ograniczoną                                                     Fastighets AB Lagomstansen                            Ordinary Shares       100
odpowiedzialnością                         Ordinary 1,000 Pln Shares             100
Aviva Spółka z ograniczoną
                                                                                        Switzerland
odpowiedzialnością                                  Ordinary Shares               90    Stockerstrasse, 38 8002 , Zurich
Aviva Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Na Zycie                                                  Aviva Investors Schweiz GmbH                          Interest Shares       100
S.A.                                                 Parent Interest              90    Taiwan
Aviva Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Ogolnych                                                  13F, No.456 Section 4, Xin Yi Road, Taipei
S.A.                                                Ordinary Shares               90    110
Zelazna, 28/30 00832 Warsaw                                                             First-Aviva Life Insurance Co., Ltd. 2       Parent Company Holdings         49
Encore+ Futura Sp. Z o.o.                           Ordinary Shares                5    Rm D-1, 24F, No.7, Sec.5, Xin Yi Road,
Saudi Arabia                                                                            Taipei, 110
Riyad Capital, 6775 Takhassusi Street –                                                 Aviva Investors Securities Investment
                                                                                        Consulting Company Limited                            Ordinary Shares       100
Olaya, Riyadh 12331 – 3712
Al Hadi Sharia Compliant Fund                          Mutual Fund                93    Turkey
Al Mokdam Sharia Compliant Fund                        Mutual Fund                93    Saray Mah., Adnan Büyüjdeniz Cad.
Al Shamekh Fund                                        Mutual Fund                86    No:12 34768 Umraniye, Istanbul
Al Shuja'a Sharia Compliant Fund                       Mutual Fund                95    Aviva SA Emeklilik ve Hayat2                          Ordinary Shares        40
Singapore                                                                               United Kingdom
1 Raffles Quay, #27-13, South Tower,                                                    1 Dorset Street, Southampton,
Singapore, 048583                                                                       Hampshire, SO15 2DP
Aviva Investors Asia Pte. Limited                   Ordinary Shares              100    Building a Future (Newham Schools)
12 Marina View, #18-02 Asia Square                                                      Limited                                              Ordinary Shares        100
Tower 2, 018961                                                                         Mill NU Properties Limited                          Ordinary A Shares       100
Nikko AM Shenton Asia Pacific Fund                        Unit Trust              66    NU Developments (Brighton) Limited                   Ordinary Shares        100
Nikko AM Shenton Income Fund                              Unit Trust              65    NU Local Care Centres (Bradford) Limited             Ordinary Shares        100
Nikko AM Shenton World Bank Green Bond                                                  NU Local Care Centres (Chichester No.1)
Fund                                                      Unit Trust              53    Limited                                               Ordinary Shares       100
4 Shenton Way, #01-01 SGX Centre 2,                                                     NU Local Care Centres (Chichester No.2)
Singapore, 068807                                                                       Limited                                               Ordinary Shares       100
Aviva Ltd                                           Ordinary Shares              100    NU Local Care Centres (Chichester No.3)
Navigator Investment Services Limited               Ordinary Shares              100    Limited                                               Ordinary Shares       100
6 Shenton Way, #09-08, OUE Downtown,                                                    NU Local Care Centres (Chichester No.4)
068809                                                                                  Limited                                               Ordinary Shares       100



                                                                 Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                    223
                                  Strategic report                      Governance            IFRS financial statements             Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                      Continued


Company name                                                   Share Class1          % held   Company name                                              Share Class1   % held
NU Local Care Centres (Chichester No.5)                                                       Aviva UKGI Investments Limited                    Ordinary Shares          100
Limited                                                   Ordinary Shares              100    Gresham Insurance Company Limited                 Ordinary Shares          100
NU Local Care Centres (Chichester No.6)                                                       Healthcare Purchasing Alliance Limited2          Ordinary A Shares          50
Limited                                                   Ordinary Shares              100    London and Edinburgh Insurance Company
NU Local Care Centres (Farnham) Limited                   Ordinary Shares              100    Limited                                            Ordinary Shares         100
1020 Eskdale Road, Winnersh,                                                                  RAC Pension Trustees Limited                       Ordinary Shares         100
Wokingham, Berkshire, RG41 5TS                                                                Solus (London) Limited                             Ordinary Shares         100
Friends Life Investments Limited                          Ordinary Shares              100    Synergy Sunrise (Broadlands) Limited               Ordinary Shares         100
Friends Life Marketing Limited                            Ordinary Shares              100    Argyll House, All Saints Passage, London,
Friends Life Staff Schemes Limited                        Ordinary Shares              100    SW18 1EP
IFA Network Limited                                       Ordinary Shares              100    Freetricity Southeast Limited                      Ordinary Shares         100
1st Floor, 45 Grosvenor Road, St. Albans,                                                     Beaufort Court , Egg Farm Lane , Kings
Hertfordshire, AL1 3AW                                                                        Langley, Hertfordshire, WD4 8LR
Opal (UK) Holdings Limited                                Ordinary Shares               29    Jacks Lane Energy Limited                          Ordinary Shares         100
Opal Information Systems Limited                          Ordinary Shares               29    c/o Anesco Limited, The Green Easter
Outsourced Professional Administration                                                        Park, Benyon Road , Reading, RG7 2PQ
Limited                                                   Ordinary Shares               29    Homesun 2 Limited                                  Ordinary Shares         100
Synergy Financial Products Limited                        Ordinary Shares               57    Homesun 3 Limited                                  Ordinary Shares         100
201 Bishopsgate, London, EC2M 3AE                                                             Homesun 4 Limited                                  Ordinary Shares         100
Optimum Investment Management Limited                   Ordinary B Shares               50    Homesun 5 Limited                                  Ordinary Shares         100
24 Birch Street, Wolverhampton, WV1                                                           Homesun Limited                                    Ordinary Shares         100
4HY                                                                                           c/o James Fletcher, Mainstay,
Maling Street Management Company                                                              Whittington Hall, Whittington Road,
Limited2                                                  Ordinary Shares              100    Worcester, WR5 2ZX
29 Queen Anne’s Gate, London SW1H                                                             Aviva Investors GR SPV 1 Limited                   Ordinary Shares         100
9BU                                                                                           Aviva Investors GR SPV 2 Limited                   Ordinary Shares         100
CF Bentley Global Growth                                             OEIC               33    Aviva Investors GR SPV 3 Limited                   Ordinary Shares         100
30 Finsbury Square, London, EC2P 2YU                                                          Aviva Investors GR SPV 4 Limited                   Ordinary Shares         100
Defined Returns Limited                                   Ordinary Shares               29    Aviva Investors GR SPV 5 Limited                   Ordinary Shares         100
                                               Ordinary Shares, Non Voting                    Aviva Investors GR SPV 6 Limited                   Ordinary Shares         100
NDF Administration Limited                                        B Shares              33    Aviva Investors GR SPV 7 Limited                   Ordinary Shares         100
United Kingdom Temperance and General                 Company Limited by                      Aviva Investors GR SPV 8 Limited                   Ordinary Shares         100
Provident Institution                                           Guarantee              100    Aviva Investors GR SPV 9 Limited                   Ordinary Shares         100
31 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7QA                                                           Aviva Investors GR SPV 10 Limited                  Ordinary Shares         100
Schroder Qep Us Core Fund                                       Unit Trust              40    Aviva Investors GR SPV 11 Limited                  Ordinary Shares         100
42 Dingwall Road, Croydon, Surrey, CR0
                                                                                              Aviva Investors GR SPV 12 Limited                  Ordinary Shares         100
2NE
                                                                                              Aviva Investors GR SPV 13 Limited                  Ordinary Shares         100
Ballard Investment Company Limited                        Ordinary Shares               25
                                                                                              Aviva Investors GR SPV 14 Limited                  Ordinary Shares         100
43-45 Portman Square, London, W1H 6LY
                                                                                              Aviva Investors GR SPV 15 Limited                  Ordinary Shares         100
Quantum Property Partnership (General
                                                                                              Aviva Investors GR SPV 16 Limited                  Ordinary Shares         100
Partner) Limited2                                         Ordinary Shares               50
                                                                                              c/o Scottish Canals Canal House, 1
Quantum Property Partnership (Nominee)
                                                                                              Applecross Street, Glasgow, G4 9SP
Limited2                                                  Ordinary Shares               50
                                                                                              BIGG Regeneration (General Partner)
4th Floor, New London House, 6 London
                                                                                              Limited2                                           Ordinary Shares          25
Street, London, EC3R 7LP
                                                                                              Bigg Regeneration Partnership2                  Limited Partnership         25
Polaris U.K. Limited                                      Ordinary Shares               39
                                                                                              Carillion House, 84 Salop Street,
5 Lister Hill, Horsforth, Leeds, LS18 5AZ
                                                                                              Wolverhampton, WV3 0SR
Aspire Financial Management Limited                      Ordinary Shares                47
                                                                                              Carillion-Igloo Limited2                           Ordinary Shares          25
Living in Retirement Limited                             Ordinary Shares                47
                                                                                              Carillion-Igloo Limited Partnership2            Limited Partnership         25
Sinfonia Asset Management Limited                        Ordinary Shares                47
                                                                                              Carillion-Igloo Nominees Limited2                  Ordinary Shares          25
Tenet Business Solutions Limited                         Ordinary Shares                47
                                                                                              Cunard House, 15 Regent Street, London,
Tenet Client Services Limited                            Ordinary Shares                47    SW1Y 4LR
Tenet Group Limited                                    Ordinary B Shares                47    Voyager Park South Management Company
Tenet Limited                                            Ordinary Shares                47    Limited                                            Ordinary Shares         100
Tenet Platform Services Limited                        Ordinary A Shares                47    East Farmhouse, Cams Hall Estate,
TenetConnect Limited                                     Ordinary Shares                47    Fareham, PO16 8UT
TenetConnect Services Limited                            Ordinary Shares                47    IQUO Limited                                     Ordinary A Shares          67
TenetFinancial Solutions Limited                         Ordinary Shares                47    Excel House, 30 Semple Street,
TenetLime Limited                                        Ordinary Shares                47    Edinburgh EH3 8BL
TenetSelect Limited                                      Ordinary Shares                47    Liontrust Sustainable Future ICVC –
                                                       Ordinary A Shares,                     European Growth Fund                                            OEIC        64
                                                   Reedeemable Ordinary                       Liontrust Sustainable Future ICVC – Global
The Employee Benefits Corporation Limited                         Shares                37    Growth Fund                                                     OEIC        62
5 Old Broad Street, London EC2N 1AD                                                           Liontrust Sustainable Future ICVC –
Architas Multi Asset Active Growth Fund                              OEIC               20    Managed Fund                                                    OEIC        86
Architas Multi-Manager Diversified Protector                                                  Liontrust Sustainable Future ICVC – UK
70                                                                   OEIC               48    Ethical Fund                                                    OEIC        81
Architas Multi-Manager Diversified Protector                                                  Liontrust Sustainable Future ICVC – UK
80                                                                   OEIC               35    Growth Fund                                                     OEIC        57
50 Stratton Street, London, W1J 8LL                                                           Liontrust Sustainable Future ICVC –
Lazard Multicap UK Income Fund                                       OEIC               50    Absolute Growth Fund                                            OEIC        74
7 Lochside View, Edinburgh, EH12 9DH                                                          Liontrust Sustainable Future ICVC –
Origo Services Limited                                    Ordinary Shares               22    Corporate Bond Fund                                             OEIC        44
7 Newgate Street, EC1A 7NX                                                                    Exchange House, Primrose Street, EC2A
AXA Rosenberg American                                               OEIC               92    2HS
AXA Rosenberg Asia Pacific Ex Japan                                  OEIC               92    F&C Global Bond Fund                                            OEIC        37
AXA Rosenberg Global                                                 OEIC               92    F&C Instl Uk Eq                                                 OEIC        68
AXA Rosenberg Japan                                                  OEIC               97    F&C Mm Navigator Progressive Fund                               OEIC        23
8 Surrey Street, Norwich, Norfolk, NR1                                                        F&C North American Fund                                         OEIC        28
3NG                                                                                           F&C Strategic Bond Fund                                         OEIC        55
Aviva Central Services UK Limited                         Ordinary Shares              100    First Floor Office Suite, 48-50 St Mary's
Aviva Consumer Products UK Limited                        Ordinary Shares              100    Gate, Lace Market, Nottinghham, NG1
Aviva Health UK Limited                                   Ordinary Shares              100    1QA
Aviva Insurance UK Limited                                Ordinary Shares              100    Blueprint (General Partner) Limited2               Ordinary Shares          25



                                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                          224
                                 Strategic report                     Governance            IFRS financial statements               Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                    Continued


Company name                                                 Share Class1          % held   Company name                                                Share Class1   % held
Blueprint (Nominees) Limited2                          Ordinary Shares                25    Sesame General Insurance Services Limited           Ordinary Shares          100
Blueprint Limited Partnership2                      Limited Partnership               25    Sesame Limited                                      Ordinary Shares          100
Marlborough House, 59 Chorley New                                                           Sesame Regulatory Services Limited                  Ordinary Shares          100
Road, Bolton, BL1 4QP                                                                       Sesame Services Limited                            Ordinary A Shares         100
IFSL Tilney Bestinvest Global Income                                                        Suntrust Limited                                    Ordinary Shares          100
Portfolio                                                          OEIC               23    Undershaft FAL Limited                              Ordinary Shares          100
Melrose House, 42 Dingwall Road ,                                                           Undershaft FPLLA Limited                            Ordinary Shares          100
Croydon, CR0 2NE                                                                            Undershaft SLPM Limited                             Ordinary Shares          100
                                           Ordinary Shares, Preference                      Wealth Limited                                      Ordinary Shares          100
Health & Case Management Limited                                  Shares              25    St Helen's, 1 Undershaft, London, EC3P
Monument House, 58 Coinagehall Street,                                                      3DQ
Helston, Cornwall, TR13 8EL                                                                 1 Fitzroy Place Limited Partnership2              Limited Partnership         50
ADO6 PEP Limited                                       Ordinary Shares                40    10-11 GNS Limited                                    Ordinary Shares         100
CE01 Pep Limited                                       Ordinary Shares               100    11-12 Hanover Square LP2                          Limited Partnership         50
CE07 PEP Limited                                       Ordinary Shares               100    11-12 Hanover Square Nominee 1 Limited2              Ordinary Shares          50
SE06 PEP Limited                                       Ordinary Shares               100    11-12 Hanover Square Nominee 2 Limited2              Ordinary Shares          50
Murray House, 1 Royal Mint Court,                                                           130 Fenchurch Street LP2                          Limited Partnership         50
London, EC3N 4HH
                                                                                            130 Fenchurch Street Nominee 1 Limited2              Ordinary Shares          50
Undrly Aquila Cnt CcyH Glb Eq108010 2L                             OEIC               22
                                                                                            130 Fenchurch Street Nominee 2 Limited2              Ordinary Shares          50
Nations House, 3rd Floor, 103 Wigmore                                                       1-5 Lowndes Square Management
Street, London, W1U 1WH                                                                     Company Limited                                    A Shares, B Shares         76
Cannock Consortium LLP                     Limited Liability Partnership             100    2 Fitzroy Place Limited Partnership2              Limited Partnership         50
Cannock Designer Outlet (GP Holdings)
                                                                                            20 Gracechurch (General Partner) Limited              General Partner        100
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            20 Gracechurch Limited Partnership                Limited Partnership        100
Cannock Designer Outlet (GP) Limited                   Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            20 Lowndes Square Management Company
Cannock Designer Outlet (Nominee 1)
                                                                                            Limited                                            A Shares, B Shares         77
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            2015 Sunbeam Limited                                 Ordinary Shares         100
Cannock Designer Outlet (Nominee 2)
                                                                                            2-10 Mortimer Street (GP No 1) Limited2              Ordinary Shares          50
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            2-10 Mortimer Street GP Limited2                     Ordinary Shares          50
Pitheavlis, Perth, Perthshire, PH2 0NH
                                                                                            2-10 Mortimer Street Limited Partnership2         Limited Partnership         50
Aviva (Peak No.1) UK Limited                           Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            30 Warwick Street LP2                             Limited Partnership         50
Aviva Insurance Limited                                Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            30 Warwick Street Nominee 1 Limited2                 Ordinary Shares          50
Aviva Investors (FP) Limited                           Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            30 Warwick Street Nominee 2 Limited2                 Ordinary Shares          50
Aviva Investors (GP) Scotland Limited                  Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            30-31 Golden Square LP2                           Limited Partnership         50
Ili (Garelwood) Limited                                Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            30-31 Golden Square Nominee 1 Limited2               Ordinary Shares          50
Ili (Haywoodhead) Limited                              Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            30-31 Golden Square Nominee 2 Limited2               Ordinary Shares          50
Ili (Letham) Limited                                   Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            400 Caledonian Road Management                   Company Limited by
Ili (Neilstonside) Limited                             Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            Company Limited2                                           Guarantee          25
Ili (West Strathore Farm) Limited                      Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            41-42 Lowndes Square Management
London & Cambridge Energy Limited                      Ordinary Shares               100
                                                                                            Company Limited                                    A Shares, B Shares         78
Saunton Wind Limited                                   Ordinary Shares                 5    43 Lowndes Square Management Company
Sunnyside 1 Wind Turbine 1 Limited                     Ordinary Shares               100    Limited                                            A Shares, B Shares         77
Pixham End, Dorking, Surrey, RH4 1QA                                                        44-49 Lowndes Square Management
Aviva Administration Limited                           Ordinary Shares               100    Company Limited                                    A Shares, B Shares         76
Aviva Investment Solutions UK Limited                  Ordinary Shares               100    6-10 Lowndes Square Management
Aviva Management Services UK Limited                   Ordinary Shares               100    Company Limited                                    A Shares, B Shares         76
Bankhall Investment Management Limited                 Ordinary Shares               100    AI Special PFI SPV Limited                            Ordinary Shares          0
Bankhall Support Services Limited                      Ordinary Shares               100    Ascot Real Estate Associate LP2                   Limited Partnership         50
Cumberland Place Management Company                                                         Ascot Real Estate Associates GP LLP2              Limited Partnership         50
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares               100    Atlas Park Management Company Limited           Limited By Guarantee         100
DBS Financial Management Limited                       Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva (Hayes Road) Limited                            Ordinary Shares        100
DBS Management Limited                                 Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Brands Limited                                  Ordinary Shares        100
Friends AEL Trustees Limited                           Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Commercial Finance Limited                      Ordinary Shares        100
Friends AELLAS Limited                                 Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Company Secretarial Services Limited            Ordinary Shares        100
Friends AELRIS Limited                                 £1 Stock Shares               100    Aviva Credit Services UK Limited                      Ordinary Shares        100
Friends Life and Pensions Limited                      Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Employment Services Limited                     Ordinary Shares        100
Friends Life Assurance Society Limited                 Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Europe SE                                       Ordinary Shares         92
Friends Life Company Limited                           Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Insurance Services UK Limited                   Ordinary Shares        100
Friends Life Distribution Limited                      Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva International Holdings Limited                  Ordinary Shares        100
Friends Life FPG Limited                               Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva International Insurance Limited                 Ordinary Shares        100
Friends Life FPL Limited                               Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Investors 30 70 GLobal Eq Ccy Hedged
Friends Life FPLMA Limited                             Ordinary Shares               100    Ind Fund                                                           ACS       100
Friends Life Holdings plc                              Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Investors 40 60 Global Equity Index
Friends Life Limited                                   Ordinary Shares               100    Fund                                                               ACS       100
Friends Life WL Limited                                Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Investors 50 50 Global Equity Index
Friends Provident Distribution Holdings                                                     Fund                                                               ACS       100
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Investors 60 40 Global Equity Index
Friends Provident Investment Holdings                                                       Fund                                                               ACS       100
Limited                                              Ordinary A Shares               100    Aviva Investors Asia Pacific ex Japan Fund                         ACS       100
Friends Provident Life Assurance Limited               Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Investors Asia Pacific Property Fund                        OEIC        80
Friends Provident Managed Pension Funds                                                     Aviva Investors Balanced Life Fund                                 ACS       100
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Investors Balanced Pension Fund                              ACS       100
Friends SL Nominees Limited                            Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Investors Cash Fund                                         OEIC        60
Friends SLUA Limited                                   Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Investors Cautious Pension Fund                              ACS       100
Gateway Specialist Advice Services Limited             Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Investors Commercial Assets GP
Hengrove Park Bristol (Phase I)                                                             Limited                                              Ordinary Shares         100
Management Company Limited                             Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Investors Continental Euro Equity
London and Manchester Group Limited                    Ordinary Shares               100    Index Fund                                                         ACS       100
Premier Mortgage Service Limited                       Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Investors Continental European Eq
SB Loan Administration Limited                         Ordinary Shares               100    Alpha Fund                                                         ACS       100
Sesame Bankhall Group Limited                          Ordinary Shares               100    Aviva Investors Corporate Bond Fund                               OEIC        93
Sesame Bankhall Valuation Services                                                          Aviva Investors Dev Asia Pacific Ex Japan Eq
Limited                                              Ordinary A Shares                75    Ind Fund                                                           ACS       100



                                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                        225
                                   Strategic report                    Governance            IFRS financial statements               Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                     Continued


Company name                                                  Share Class1          % held   Company name                                                     Share Class1   % held
Aviva Investors Dev Euro Ex UK Equity Index                                                  Aviva Investors Realm Infrastructure No.1
Fund                                                                 ACS              100    Limited                                                    Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors Dev World Ex UK Equity                                                       Aviva Investors Realm Infrastructure No.2
Index Fund                                                           ACS              100    Limited                                                    Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors Developd Overseas Gov Bd                                                     Aviva Investors Realm Infrastructure No.3
Ex UK Ind Fd                                                         ACS              100    Limited                                                    Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors Distribution Life Fund                               ACS              100    Aviva Investors Realm Infrastructure No.4A
Aviva Investors EBC GP Limited                           Ordinary Shares              100    Limited                                                    Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors EBC Limited Partnership               Limited Partnership             100    Aviva Investors Realm Infrastructure No.4B
Aviva Investors Employment Services                                                          Limited                                                    Ordinary Shares        100
Limited                                                  Ordinary Shares              100    Aviva Investors Realm Infrastructure No.5
Aviva Investors Energy Centres No.1 GP                                                       Limited                                                  Ordinary Shares          100
Limited                                                  Ordinary Shares              100    Aviva Investors Secure Income REIT Limited               Ordinary Shares          100
Aviva Investors Europe Equity ex UK Fund                            ACS               100    Aviva Investors Social Housing GP Limited                Ordinary Shares          100
Aviva Investors European Property Fund                             OEIC                77                                                          Company Limited by
Aviva Investors Global Equity Alpha Fund                            ACS               100    Aviva Investors Social Housing Limited                        Guarantee           100
Aviva Investors Global Equity Endurance                                                      Aviva Investors Sterling Corporate Bond
Fund                                                               OEIC               100    Fund                                                                    ACS       100
Aviva Investors Global Equity Fund                                  ACS               100    Aviva Investors Sterling Gilt Fund                                      ACS       100
Aviva Investors Global Equity Income Fund                          OEIC                85    Aviva Investors Stewardship Fixed Interest
Aviva Investors Global Services Limited                  Ordinary Shares              100    Fund                                                                    ACS       100
Aviva Investors Ground Rent GP Limited                   Ordinary Shares              100    Aviva Investors Stewardship International
Aviva Investors Ground Rent Holdco Limited               Ordinary Shares              100    Equity Fund                                                             ACS       100
Aviva Investors High Yield Bond Fund                               OEIC                24    Aviva Investors Stewardship UK Equity Fund                              ACS       100
Aviva Investors Holdings Limited                         Ordinary Shares              100    Aviva Investors Stewardship UK Equity
                                                                                             Income Fund                                                             ACS       100
Aviva Investors Idx-Lkd Gilts Ovr 5 Yrs Idx Fd                      ACS               100
                                                                                             Aviva Investors Strategic Bond Fund                                    OEIC        30
Aviva Investors Index Linked Gilt Fund                              ACS               100
                                                                                             Aviva Investors Strategic Global Equity Fund                            ACS       100
Aviva Investors Infrastructure GP Limited                Ordinary Shares              100
                                                                                             Aviva Investors UK Commercial Real Estate
Aviva Investors Infrastructure Income
                                                                                             Senior Debt LP                                         Limited Partnership        100
Limited Partnership                                   Limited Partnership             100
Aviva Investors Infrastructure Income No.2B                                                  Aviva Investors UK CRESD GP Limited                       Ordinary Shares         100
Limited                                                  Ordinary Shares              100    Aviva Investors UK Eq Ex Aviva Inv Trusts
Aviva Investors Infrastructure Income No.6                                                   Index Fund                                                            ACS         100
Limited                                                  Ordinary Shares              100    Aviva Investors UK Equity Alpha Fund                                  ACS         100
Aviva Investors International Index Tracking                                                 Aviva Investors UK Equity Dividend Fund                               ACS         100
Fund                                                               OEIC                43    Aviva Investors UK Equity Fund                                        ACS         100
Aviva Investors Japan Equity Fund                                   ACS               100    Aviva Investors UK Equity Income Fund                                 ACS         100
Aviva Investors Japan Equity MoM 1 Fund                            OEIC                75    Aviva Investors UK Equity Income Fund                                OEIC          57
Aviva Investors Japanese Equity Index Fund                          ACS               100    Aviva Investors UK Equity Index Fund                                  ACS         100
Aviva Investors London Limited                           Ordinary Shares              100    Aviva Investors UK Equity MoM 1 Fund                                 OEIC          86
Aviva Investors Managed High Income Fund                           OEIC                62    Aviva Investors UK Fund Services Limited                   Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors Money Market VNAV Fund                              ACS               100    Aviva Investors UK Funds Limited                           Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors Multi-Asset 40 85 Shares                                                     Aviva Investors UK Gilts All Stocks Index
Index Fund                                                           ACS              100    Fund                                                                    ACS       100
Aviva Investors Multi-Asset I Fund                                  OEIC               44    Aviva Investors UK Gilts Over 15 Years Index
Aviva Investors Multi-Asset II Fund                                 OEIC               40    Fund                                                                  ACS         100
Aviva Investors Multi-Asset III Fund                                OEIC               51    Aviva Investors UK Index Tracking Fund                               OEIC          73
Aviva Investors Multi-Asset IV Fund                                 OEIC               39    Aviva Investors UK Nominees Limited                        Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors Multi-Asset V Fund                                  OEIC               41    Aviva Investors UK Opportunities Fund                                OEIC          99
Aviva Investors Multi-Manager 20-60%                                                         Aviva Investors UK Real Estate Recovery
Shares Fund                                                         OEIC               74    (General Partner) Limited                                  Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors Multi-Manager 40-85%                                                         Aviva Investors US Equity Index Fund                                    ACS       100
Shares Fund                                                         OEIC               71    Aviva Investors US Large Cap Equity Fund                                ACS       100
Aviva Investors Multi-Manager Flexible Fund                         OEIC               80    Aviva Overseas Holdings Limited                            Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors Multi-Strategy Target                                                        Aviva Public Private Finance Limited                       Ordinary Shares        100
Income Fund                                                         OEIC               58    Aviva Special PFI GP Limited                               Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors Multi-Strategy Target Return                                                 Aviva Special PFI LP                                   Limited Partnership        100
Fund                                                                OEIC               42    Aviva Staff Pension Trustee Limited                        Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors Non-Gilt Bond All Stocks                                                     Aviva UK Digital Limited                                   Ordinary Shares        100
Index Fund                                                           ACS              100    Aviva UKLAP De-risking Limited                             Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors Non-Gilt Bond Over 15 Yrs                                                    Avon Solar Energy Limited                                  Ordinary Shares        100
Index Fund                                                           ACS              100    Axcess 10 Management Company Limited                 Limited By Guarantee         100
Aviva Investors North American Equity Fund                           ACS              100    Barratt House LP2                                      Limited Partnership         50
Aviva Investors North American Equity Index                                                  Barratt House Nominee 1 Limited2                           Ordinary Shares         50
Fund                                                                ACS               100    Barratt House Nominee 2 Limited2                           Ordinary Shares         50
Aviva Investors Pensions Limited                         Ordinary Shares              100    Barwell Business Park Nominee Limited                      Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors PIP Solar PV (General                                                                                                                 Ordinary A Shares
Partner) Limited2                                        Ordinary Shares              100    BIOMASS UK NO. 3 Limited                                   Deferred Shares        100
Aviva Investors PIP Solar PV Limited                                                         Biomass UK NO.1 LLP                            Limited Liability Partnership      100
Partnership2                                          Limited Partnership               0    Biomass UK No.2 Limited                                            ‘A Shares      100
Aviva Investors PIP Solar PV NO.1 Limited2               Ordinary Shares              100                                                                        B Shares
Aviva Investors Polish Retail GP Limited                 Ordinary Shares              100                                                                        C Shares
Aviva Investors Polish Retail Limited                                                                                                                  Deferred Shares’
Partnership                                           Limited Partnership             100    Boston Biomass Limited                                     Ordinary Shares        100
Aviva Investors Pre-Annuity Fixed Interest                                                   Boston Wood Recovery Limited                               Ordinary Shares        100
Fund                                                                 ACS              100    Capital Residential Fund                                          Unit Trust       88
Aviva Investors Private Equity Programme                                                     Cardiff Bay Gp Limited                                     Ordinary Shares        100
2008 Partnership                                      Limited Partnership              40    Cardiff Bay Limited Partnership                        Limited Partnership        100
Aviva Investors Property Fund Management                                                     CGU International Holdings BV                              Ordinary Shares        100
Limited                                                  Ordinary Shares              100
                                                                                             Chancery House London LP2                              Limited Partnership         50
Aviva Investors Real Estate Finance Limited              Ordinary Shares              100    Chancery House London Nominee 1
Aviva Investors Real Estate Limited                      Ordinary Shares              100    Limited2                                                   Ordinary Shares         50
Aviva Investors Realm Energy Centres GP                                                      Chancery House London Nominee 2
Limited                                                  Ordinary Shares              100    Limited2                                                   Ordinary Shares         50


                                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                         226
                                 Strategic report                    Governance            IFRS financial statements               Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                   Continued


Company name                                                Share Class1          % held   Company name                                                Share Class1   % held
Chesterford Park2                                  Limited Partnership               50    NU Library For Brighton Limited                      Ordinary Shares         100
Chesterford Park (General Partner) Limited2             Ordinary Shares              50    NU Offices for Redcar Limited                        Ordinary Shares         100
Chesterford Park (Nominee) Limited2                     Ordinary Shares              50    NU Schools for Redbridge Limited                     Ordinary Shares         100
Chichester Health (Holdings) Limited                    Ordinary Shares             100    NU Technology and Learning Centres
Chichester Health plc                                   Ordinary Shares             100    (Hackney) Limited                                    Ordinary Shares         100
Coalville Wind Limited                        Private limited Company               100    NUPPP (Care Technology and Learning
Commercial Union Corporate Member                                                          Centres) Limited                                     Ordinary Shares         100
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares              100    NUPPP (GP) Limited                                   Ordinary Shares         100
Commercial Union Life Assurance Company                                                    NUPPP Nominees Limited                                Ordinary Shares        100
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares              100    Opus Park Management Limited                    Limited By Guarantee         100
Commercial Union Trustees Limited                      Ordinary Shares              100    Opus Park Management Limited                      Limited Partnership        100
Cornerford Limited                                     Ordinary Shares               50    ORN Capital Services Limited                          Ordinary Shares        100
COW Real Estate Associate General Partner                                                  Paddington Central III GP Ltd                         Ordinary Shares        100
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares              100    Paddington Central III Limited Partnership        Limited Partnership        100
COW Real Estate Associate Limited                                                          Pegasus House and Nuffield House LP2              Limited Partnership         50
Partnership                                         Limited Partnership             100    Paddington Central 3 Unit Trust                            Unit Trust        100
COW Real Estate Associate Nominee                                                          Pegasus House and Nuffield House
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares              100    Nominee 1 Limited2                                   Ordinary Shares          50
Den Brook Energy Limited                               Ordinary Shares              100    Pegasus House and Nuffield House
Ebisu Associates Limited                               Ordinary Shares              100    Nominee 2 Limited2                                   Ordinary Shares          50
EES Operations 1 Limited                               Ordinary Shares              100    Percussion Properties Limited                        Ordinary Shares         100
Electric Avenue Limited2                               Ordinary Shares                5    Porth Teigr Management Company Limited2              Ordinary Shares          50
Fitzroy Place GP 2 Limited2                            Ordinary Shares               50    Pre (Whitehill) Limited                              Ordinary Shares         100
Fitzroy Place Management Co Limited2                   Ordinary Shares               50    Property Management Company (Croydon)
Fitzroy Place Residential Limited2                     Ordinary Shares               50    Ltd                                                  Ordinary Shares         100
Free Solar (Stage 2) Limited                           Ordinary Shares              100    Quantum Property Partnership2                     Limited Partnership         50
Free Solar Holdco Limited                              Ordinary Shares              100    Quarryvale One Limited                               Ordinary Shares         100
Friends Life Funds Limited                             Ordinary Shares              100    Quarryvale Three Limited                             Ordinary Shares         100
Friends SLPM Limited                                   Ordinary Shares                5    Redan Power Limited2                                 Ordinary Shares         100
General Accident Executor and Trustee                                                      Renewable Clean Energy 2 Limited2                    Ordinary Shares         100
Company Limited                                        Ordinary Shares              100    Renewable Clean Energy 3 Limited2                    Ordinary Shares         100
Glasgow Airport Business Park                                                              Renewable Clean Energy Limited                       Ordinary Shares         100
Management Company Limited                       Limited By Guarantee               100    Rugby Radio Station (General Partner)
Glasgow Airport Business Park                                                              Limited2                                            Ordinary B Shares         50
Management Company Limited                             Ordinary Shares              100    Rugby Radio Station (Nominee) Limited2               Ordinary Shares          50
Gobafoss General Partner Limited                       Ordinary Shares              100    Rugby Radio Station Limited Partnership2          Limited Partnership         50
Gobafoss Partnership Nominee No 1 Ltd                  Ordinary Shares              100    SE11 PEP Limited                                     Ordinary Shares         100
Hemel Hempstead Estate Management                                                          Serviced Offices UK (Services) Limited2              Ordinary Shares          50
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares              100    Serviced Offices UK GP Limited2                      Ordinary Shares          50
Hillswood Management Limited                           Ordinary Shares              100    Serviced Offices UK Limited Partnership2          Limited Partnership         50
Houlton Commercial Management                                                              Serviced Offices UK Nominee Limited2                 Ordinary Shares          50
Company Limited                                  Limited by Guarantee               100    Solar Clean Energy Limited                           Ordinary Shares         100
Igloo Regeneration (Butcher Street)                                                        Southgate General Partner Limited                   Ordinary A Shares         50
Limited2                                               Ordinary Shares               50
                                                                                           Southgate Limited Partnership                     Limited Partnership         50
Igloo Regeneration (General Partner)
                                                                                           Southgate LP (Nominee 1) Limited                     Ordinary Shares          50
Limited2                                               Ordinary Shares               50
                                                                                           Southgate LP (Nominee 2) Limited                     Ordinary Shares          50
Igloo Regeneration (Nominee) Limited2                  Ordinary Shares               50
                                                                                           Spire Energy Limited2                                Ordinary Shares          50
Igloo Regeneration Developments (General
                                                                                           Stafford Wind Limited                                Ordinary Shares           0
Partner) Limited2                                      Ordinary Shares               50
                                                                                           Stonebridge Cross Management Company
Igloo Regeneration Developments
                                                                                           Limited                                         Limited by Guarantee         100
(Nominees) Limited2                                    Ordinary Shares               50
                                                                                           Stonebridge Cross Management Limited            Limited By Guarantee         100
Igloo Regeneration Developments LP2                 Limited Partnership              50
                                                                                           SUE Developments Limited Partnership2             Limited Partnership         50
Igloo Regeneration Partnership2                     Limited Partnership              40
                                                                                           SUE GP LLP2                                           Ordinary Shares         50
Igloo Regeneration Property Unit Trust2                      Unit Trust              50
                                                                                           SUE GP Nominee Limited2                               Ordinary Shares         50
IPE BV                                                 Ordinary Shares              100
                                                                                           Sunnyside 2 Wind Turbine 1 Limited                    Ordinary Shares        100
Irongate House LP2                                  Limited Partnership              50
                                                                                           Sunrise Renewables (Barry) Limited                    Ordinary Shares        100
Irongate House Nominee 1 Limited2                      Ordinary Shares               50
                                                                                           Swan Valley Management Limited                        Ordinary Shares        100
Irongate House Nominee 2 Limited2                      Ordinary Shares               50
                                                                                           The Designer Retail Outlet Centres (General
Lime Property Fund (General Partner)
                                                                                           Partner) Limited                                   Ordinary A Shares          50
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares                3
                                                                                           The Designer Retail Outlet Centres
Lime Property Fund (Nominee) Limited                   Ordinary Shares                3
                                                                                           (Livingston) LP                                   Limited Partnership         50
Lombard (London) 1 Limited                             Ordinary Shares              100
                                                                                           The Designer Retail Outlet Centres
Lombard (London) 2 Limited                             Ordinary Shares              100    (Mansfield) General Partner Limited                  Ordinary Shares          50
LUC Holdings Limited                                   Ordinary Shares               20    The Designer Retail Outlet Centres
Matthew Parker Street (Nominee No 1)                                                       (Mansfield) LP                                    Limited Partnership         50
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares              100    The Designer Retail Outlet Centres (York)
Matthew Parker Street (Nominee No 2)                                                       General Partner Limited                              Ordinary Shares          50
Limited                                                Ordinary Shares              100    The Designer Retail Outlet Centres (York) LP      Limited Partnership         50
Medium Scale Wind No.1 Limited                         Ordinary Shares              100    The Gobafoss Partnership                          Limited Partnership        100
Minnygap Energy Limited                                Ordinary Shares              100    The Ocean Marine Insurance Company
Mortimer Street Associated Co 1 Limited2               Ordinary Shares               50    Limited                                              Ordinary Shares         100
Mortimer Street Associated Co 2 Limited2               Ordinary Shares               50    The Square Brighton Limited                          Ordinary Shares         100
Mortimer Street Nominee 1 Limited2                     Ordinary Shares               50    Turncole Wind Farm Limited                           Ordinary Shares         100
Mortimer Street Nominee 2 Limited2                     Ordinary Shares               50    Tyne Assets (No 2) Limited                           Ordinary Shares         100
Mortimer Street Nominee 3 Limited2                     Ordinary Shares               50    Tyne Assets Limited                                  Ordinary Shares         100
New Broad Street House LP2                          Limited Partnership              50    Undershaft Limited                                   Ordinary Shares         100
New Broad Street House Nominee 1                                                           W Nine LP2                                        Limited Partnership         50
Limited2                                               Ordinary Shares               50
                                                                                           W Nine Nominee 1 Limited2                            Ordinary Shares          50
New Broad Street House Nominee 2
                                                                                           W Nine Nominee 2 Limited2                            Ordinary Shares          50
Limited2                                               Ordinary Shares               50
                                                                                           The Welsh Insurance Corporation Limited              Ordinary Shares         100
Norwich Union (Shareholder GP) Limited                 Ordinary Shares              100
                                                                                           Westcountry Solar Solutions Limited                  Ordinary Shares         100
Norwich Union Public Private Partnership
                                                                                           Whitgift Shopping Centre Unit Trust Closed                 Unit Trust        100
Fund                                                Limited Partnership             100
                                                                                           Windlend (Leicestershire) Limited                    Ordinary Shares         100
NU 3PS Limited                                         Ordinary Shares              100


                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                       227
                                         Strategic report                            Governance                     IFRS financial statements                     Other information


Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                   Continued


Company name                                                               Share Class1                  % held      Company name                                                     Share Class1   % held
Windlend (Southrigg) Limited                                         Ordinary Shares                        100      Limited
Woolley Hill Electrical Energy Limited                               Ordinary Shares                        100      Synergy Sunrise (Sentinel House) Limited                   Ordinary Shares        100
The Yorkshire Insurance Company Limited                              Ordinary Shares                        100      Undershaft (NULLA) Limited                                 Ordinary Shares        100
Swan Court Waterman's Business Park,                                                                                 Whittington Hall, Whittington Road,
Kingsbury Crescent, Staines, Surrey,                                                                                 Worcester, Worecestershire, WR5 2ZX
TW18 3BA                                                                                                             Aviva Investors GR SPV17 Limited                           Ordinary Shares        100
                                                     Ordinary C Shares, Ordinary E                                   Woolgate Exchange, 25 Basinghall
Healthcode Limited                                                         Shares                            20      Street, EC2V 5HA
The Green, Easter Park, Benyon Road,                                                                                 Investec American Fund                                                 OEIC        24
Reading, Berkshire, RG7 2PQ                                                                                          61 Conduit Street London W1S 2GB
Anesco Mid Devon Limited                                             Ordinary Shares                        100      AKO Global UCITS-BF (AKOGUBF)                                 Mutual Fund          73
Anesco South West Limited                                            Ordinary Shares                        100      United States
Free Solar (Stage 1) Limited                                         Ordinary Shares                        100
                                                                                                                     1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington
New Energy Residential Solar Limited                                 Ordinary Shares                        100
Norton Energy SLS Limited                                            Ordinary Shares                        100      DE, 19801
TGHC Limited                                                         Ordinary Shares                        100      Ai-Recc I GP, LLC                                            Sole Member          100
Wakefield House , 67 Bewsey Street,                                                                                  Aviva Investors Americas LLC                                 Sole Member          100
Warrington , England, WA2 7JQ                                                                                        2222 Grand Avenue, Des Moines IA 50312
Sunrise Renewables (Hull) Limited                                    Ordinary Shares                        100                                                        Common Stock Of No Par
Wellington Row, York, YO90 1WR                                                                                       Aviva Investors North America Holdings, Inc                 Value Shares          100
                                                                                                                     2711 Centreville Road, Suite 400,
Aviva (Peak No.2) UK Limited                                         Ordinary Shares                        100
                                                                                                                     Wilmington, New Castle, DE, 19808
Aviva Annuity UK Limited                                             Ordinary Shares                        100
                                                                                                                     UKP Holdings Inc.                                    Common Stock Shares          100
Aviva Client Nominees UK Limited                                     Ordinary Shares                        100
                                                                                                                     Ai-Recap Carry I, Lp                                   Limited Partnership        100
Aviva Equity Release UK Limited                                      Ordinary Shares                        100
                                                                                                                     AI-RECAP GP I, LLC                                     Limited Partnership        100
Aviva ERFA 15 UK Limited                                             Ordinary Shares                        100
                                                                                                                     National Corporate Research Limited,
Aviva Life & Pensions UK Limited                                     Ordinary Shares                        100
                                                                                                                     850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, Dover,
Aviva Life Holdings UK Limited                                       Ordinary Shares                        100
                                                                                                                     Delaware Kent County 19904
Aviva Life Services UK Limited                                       Ordinary Shares                        100
                                                                                                                     Exeter Properties Inc.                           Common Stock Wpv Shares           95
Aviva Pension Trustees UK Limited                                    Ordinary Shares                        100
                                                                                                                     Winslade Investments Inc.                        Common Stock Wpv Shares          100
Aviva Trustees UK Limited                                            Ordinary Shares                        100
Aviva Wrap UK Limited                                                Ordinary Shares                        100      Vietnam
CGNU Life Assurance Limited                                          Ordinary Shares                        100      10th Floor, Handi Resco Building, No. 521
Friends Provident Pension Scheme Trustees                                                                            Kim Ma, Ba Dinh, Hanoi
Limited                                                              Ordinary Shares                        100      Aviva Vietnam Life Insurance Company
The Lancashire and Yorkshire Reversionary                                                                            Limited                                                  Non-Listed Shares        100
Interest Company Limited                                             Ordinary Shares                        100
The Norwich Union Life Insurance Company                             Ordinary Shares                        100
1   Investment Company with Variable Capital (‘ICVC’)
    Fond Common de Placement (‘FCP’)
    Open Ended Investment Fund (‘OEIC’)
    Société d ’Investment à Capital Variable (‘SICAV’)
    Undertaking for Collective Investment in Transferrable Securities (‘UCITS’)
    Irish Collective Asset Management Vehicle (‘ICAV’)
    Authorised Contractual Scheme (‘ACS’)
    Organisme de Placement Collectif Immobilier (‘OPCI’)
    Sociétés Civiles de Placement Immobilier (‘SCPI’)
2   Please refer to accounting policies (D) Consolidation principles, for further details on Joint Ventures and the factors on which joint management is based.


62 – Subsequent events
For details of subsequent events relating to:
• subsidiaries – refer to note 3a (iii)
• joint ventures – refer to note 3c (iii)
• joint ventures – refer to note 3c (iv)
• joint ventures – refer to note 3d




                                                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                       228
                            Strategic report               Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Financial statements of the Company


Income statement
For the year ended 31 December 2017

                                                                                                                                     2017     2016
                                                                                                                          Note        £m       £m

Income
Dividends received from subsidiaries                                                                                           I   1,740    2,510
Interest receivable from group companies                                                                                       I     116       56
Net investment income                                                                                                                 —        28
                                                                                                                                   1,856    2,594
Expenses
Operating expenses                                                                                                             B    (217)    (603)
Interest payable to group companies                                                                                            I    (175)    (182)
Interest payable on borrowings                                                                                                      (352)    (345)
                                                                                                                                    (744)   (1,130)
Profit for the year before tax                                                                                                     1,112    1,464
Tax credit                                                                                                                     C     113       95
Profit for the year after tax                                                                                                      1,225    1,559


Statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                                     2017     2016
                                                                                                                          Note        £m       £m

Profit for the year                                                                                                                1,225    1,559

Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to income statement
Fair value gains/(losses) on investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures                                                    E    707     (1,742)

Items that will not be reclassified to income statement
Remeasurements of pension schemes                                                                                              E      (2)       (6)
Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax                                                                                       705     (1,748)
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                                                     1,930     (189)




                                                          Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                             229
                           Strategic report                     Governance             IFRS financial statements               Other information


Financial statements of the Company            Continued


Statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                                                        Direct capital
                                                                                           Capital              Investment        Equity                  instrument
                                           Ordinary share     Preference       Share   redemption      Merger     valuation compensation     Retained   and fixed rate          Total
                                                  capital   share capital   premium       Reserve     reserve       reserve      reserve     earnings     tier 1 notes         equity
                                      Note            £m             £m          £m           £m          £m            £m           £m           £m               £m             £m

Balance at 1 January                             1,015             200      1,197              —      6,438       9,121               78     3,747             1,116         22,912
Profit for the year                                 —               —          —               —         —           —                —      1,225                —           1,225
Other comprehensive income                          —               —          —               —         —          707               —         (2)               —             705
Total comprehensive income for
  the year                                            —               —          —             —          —          707               —      1,223                   —       1,930
Dividends and appropriations            15            —               —          —             —          —           —                —     (1,081)                  —      (1,081)
Reserves credit for equity
  compensation plans                    31            —               —          —             —          —            —              77           —                  —          77
Shares issued under equity
  compensation plans                    30            2               —         10             —          —            —             (44)        42                   —          10
Shares purchased in buy-back            30          (14)              —         —              14         —            —              —        (300)                  —        (300)
Redemption of fixed rate tier 1
  notes                               34,E            —               —          —             —          —            —               —        (92)             (392)         (484)
Aggregate tax effect                    C             —               —          —             —          —            —               —         16                —             16
Balance at 31 December                           1,003             200      1,207              14     6,438       9,828              111     3,555                 724       23,080

For the year ended 31 December 2016
                                                                                                                                                          Direct capital
                                                                                            Capital             Investment          Equity              instrument and
                                           Ordinary share     Preference       Share   redemption     Merger      valuation   compensation   Retained           fixed rate      Total
                                                  capital   share capital   premium        Reserve    reserve       reserve        reserve   earnings        tier 1 notes      equity
                                      Note            £m             £m          £m            £m         £m            £m             £m         £m                   £m        £m

Balance at 1 January                              1,012            200       1,185             —      6,438      10,863               70      3,124             1,116        24,008
Profit for the year                                  —              —           —              —         —            —               —       1,559                —          1,559
Other comprehensive loss                             —              —           —              —         —        (1,742)             —           (6)              —         (1,748)
Total comprehensive loss for the
  year                                                —               —          —             —          —       (1,742)              —      1,553                   —        (189)
Dividends and appropriations            15            —               —          —             —          —           —                —       (973)                  —        (973)
Reserves credit for equity
  compensation plans                                  —               —          —             —          —             —             38           —                  —          38
Shares issued under equity
  compensation plans                                  3               —          12            —          —             —             (30)        26                  —          11
Shares purchased in buy-back            30            —               —          —             —          —             —              —          —                   —          —
Redemption of fixed rate tier 1
  notes                                  E            —               —          —             —          —             —              —          —                   —          —
Aggregate tax effect                     C            —               —          —             —          —             —              —          17                  —          17
Balance at 31 December                            1,015            200       1,197             —      6,438        9,121              78      3,747             1,116        22,912




Where applicable, the accounting policies of the Company are the same as those of the Group on pages 93 to 105. The notes identified
alphabetically on pages 233 to 238 are an integral part of these separate financial statements. Where the same items appear in the Group
financial statements, reference is made to the notes (identified numerically) on pages 113 to 228.



                                                              Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                 230
                              Strategic report               Governance           IFRS financial statements   Other information


Financial statements of the Company              Continued


Statement of financial position
As at 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                                          2017      2016
                                                                                                                             Note          £m        £m

Assets
Non-current assets
Investments in subsidiaries                                                                                                       A    41,192    40,521
Investment in joint venture                                                                                                   18a         547       511
Loans owed by subsidiaries                                                                                                         I    3,680     5,941
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                               C         9       156
Current tax assets                                                                                                                C       255       135
                                                                                                                                       45,683    47,264
Current assets
Other amounts owed by subsidiaries                                                                                                 I      298      321
Loans owed by subsidiaries                                                                                                         I    1,730       —
Other assets                                                                                                                                9       11
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                  87       82
Total assets                                                                                                                           47,807    47,678
Equity
Ordinary share capital                                                                                                            30    1,003     1,015
Preference share capital                                                                                                          33      200       200
Called up capital                                                                                                                       1,203     1,215
Share premium                                                                                                                 30b       1,207     1,197
Capital redemption reserve                                                                                                    30b          14        —
Merger reserve                                                                                                                    E     6,438     6,438
Investment valuation reserve                                                                                                      E     9,828     9,121
Equity compensation reserve                                                                                                       E       111        78
Retained earnings                                                                                                                 E     3,555     3,747
Direct capital instrument and tier 1 notes                                                                                   D, 34        724     1,116
Total equity                                                                                                                           23,080    22,912
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                                                                                         F    6,450     6,638
Loans owed to subsidiaries                                                                                                         I    9,900    13,098
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                          C        —          4
Provisions                                                                                                                                 53        47
                                                                                                                                       16,403    19,787
Current liabilities
Borrowings                                                                                                                         F      978       642
Loans owed to subsidiaries                                                                                                         I    3,108       156
Other amounts owed to subsidiaries                                                                                                 I    4,084     4,042
Other creditors                                                                                                                           154       139
Total liabilities                                                                                                                      24,727    24,766
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                                           47,807    47,678

Approved by the Board on 7 March 2018.




Thomas D. Stoddard
Chief Financial Officer




Company number: 2468686




Where applicable, the accounting policies of the Company are the same as those of the Group on pages 93 to 105. The notes identified
alphabetically on pages 233 to 238 are an integral part of these separate financial statements. Where the same items appear in the Group
financial statements, reference is made to the notes (identified numerically) on pages 113 to 228.

                                                             Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                231
                                         Strategic report                             Governance                      IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Financial statements of the Company                                 Continued


Statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 December 2017

All the Company’s operating cash requirements are met by subsidiary companies and settled through intercompany loan accounts. As the
direct method of presentation has been adopted for these activities, no further disclosure is required. In respect of financing and investing
activities, the following items pass through the Company’s own bank accounts.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2017              2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   £m                £m

Cash flows from investing activities
(Purchase)/sale of financial investments                                                                                                                                                                            —                29
Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                                                                                                                                              —                29

Cash flows from financing activities
Shares purchased in buy-back                                                                                                                                                                                   (300)                 —
Funding provided from subsidiaries                                                                                                                                                                            2,365                  11
Repayment of loans owed to subsidiaries                                                                                                                                                                        (156)                 —
New borrowings drawn down, net of expenses                                                                                                                                                                    1,265              3,378
Repayment of borrowings                                                                                                                                                                                      (1,753)            (2,285)
Net (repayment)/drawdown of borrowings1                                                                                                                                                                        (488)             1,093
Preference dividends paid                                                                                                                                                                                       (17)                (17)
Ordinary dividends paid                                                                                                                                                                                        (983)              (871)
Coupon payments on direct capital instrument and tier 1 notes                                                                                                                                                   (81)                (85)
Interest paid on borrowings                                                                                                                                                                                    (346)              (330)
Proceeds from issue of ordinary shares                                                                                                                                                                           10                  13
Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                                                                                                                                               4            (186)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                                 4            (157)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                                                                                                                                             82              188
Exchange gains on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                                         1               51
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                                                                                                                                                           87                82
1   On 28 September 2017, notification was given that the Group would redeem the 8.25% US $650 million fixed rate tier 1 notes. At that date, the instrument was reclassified as a financial liability of £484 million, representing its
    fair value on translation into sterling at that date. The instrument was redeemed in full on 3 November 2017 at a cost of £488 million. This included £4 million exchange losses subsequent to the reclassification which are
    included within other operating costs within the income statement. See note 34 for further details.




Where applicable, the accounting policies of the Company are the same as those of the Group on pages 93 to 105. The notes identified
alphabetically on pages 233 to 238 are an integral part of these separate financial statements. Where the same items appear in the Group
financial statements, reference is made to the notes (identified numerically) on pages 113 to 228.


                                                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                        232
                             Strategic report           Governance           IFRS financial statements       Other information


Notes to the financial statements of the Company


A – Investments in subsidiaries and joint venture
(i) Subsidiaries
Movements in the Company’s investments in its subsidiaries are as follows:
                                                                                                                                        2017       2016
                                                                                                                                         £m         £m

Fair value as at 1 January                                                                                                          40,521      42,452
Movement in fair value                                                                                                                 671      (1,931)
At 31 December                                                                                                                      41,192      40,521

Fair values are estimated using applicable valuation models underpinned by the Company’s market capitalisation, and are classified as
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy described in note 22 to the Group consolidated financial statements.
    At 31 December 2017, the Company has two wholly owned subsidiaries, both incorporated in the UK. These are General Accident plc
and Aviva Group Holdings Limited. Aviva Group Holdings Limited is an intermediate holding company, while General Accident plc has
preference shares listed on the London Stock Exchange. The principal subsidiaries of the Aviva Group at 31 December 2017 are set out in
note 60 to the Group consolidated financial statements.

(ii) Joint venture
At 31 December 2017, the Company’s investment in the joint venture, Aviva-COFCO Life Insurance Co. Limited has a fair value of £547
million (2016: £511 million). This is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The definition of the fair value hierarchy is included in note
22 to the Group consolidated financial statements.

B – Operating expenses
(i) Operating expenses
Operating expenses comprise:
                                                                                                                                        2017       2016
                                                                                                                                         £m         £m

Staff costs and other employee related expenditure (see below)                                                                          107         97
Other operating costs                                                                                                                   105        127
Net foreign exchange losses/(gains)                                                                                                       5        379
Total                                                                                                                                   217        603

(ii) Staff costs
Total staff costs were:
                                                                                                                                        2017       2016
                                                                                                                                         £m         £m

Wages and salaries                                                                                                                       54         57
Social security costs                                                                                                                     7          8
Defined contribution schemes                                                                                                              8          8
Equity compensation plans (see (iii) below)                                                                                              30         19
Termination benefits                                                                                                                      8          5
Total                                                                                                                                  107          97

(iii) Employee numbers
The staff costs recognised by the Company represent recharges of employee related expenses attributable to the Company. The number of
persons employed by the Company was nil (2016: nil).

(iv) Equity compensation plans
All transactions in the Group’s equity compensation plans involve options and awards for ordinary shares of the Company. Full disclosure
of these plans is given in the Group consolidated financial statements, note 31. The cost of such options and awards is borne by all
participating businesses and, where relevant, the Company bears an appropriate charge. As the majority of the charge to the Company
relates to directors’ options and awards, for which full disclosure is made in the Directors’ Remuneration Report, no further disclosure is
given here.




                                                        Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                           233
                           Strategic report              Governance          IFRS financial statements   Other information


Notes to the financial statements of the Company        Continued


C – Tax
(i) Tax credited to the income statement
The total tax credit comprises:
                                                                                                                                 2017        2016
                                                                                                                                  £m          £m

Current tax
For this year                                                                                                                   (253)       (131)
Prior year adjustments                                                                                                            (3)         (1)
Total current tax                                                                                                               (256)       (132)
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                                143          26
Changes in tax rates or tax laws                                                                                                  —           11
Total deferred tax                                                                                                               143          37
Total tax credited to income statement                                                                                          (113)        (95)

Unrecognised tax losses and temporary differences of previous years were used to reduce the deferred tax expense by £nil (2016: £nil)

(ii) Tax credited to other comprehensive income
Tax credited directly to other comprehensive income is £nil (2016: £1 million). This is in respect of deferred tax on the remeasurement of the
pension scheme.

(iii) Tax credited to equity
Tax credited directly to equity in the year, in respect of coupon payments on the direct capital instrument and fixed rate tier 1 notes,
amounted to £16 million (2016: £17 million).

(iv) Tax reconciliation
The tax on the Company’s profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the tax rate of the home country of
the Company as follows:
                                                                                                                                 2017        2016
                                                                                                                                  £m          £m

Profit before tax                                                                                                              1,112       1,464
Tax calculated at standard UK corporation tax rate of 19.25% (2016: 20%)                                                         214         293
Adjustment to tax charge in respect of prior years                                                                                (3)          (1)
Non-assessable dividend income                                                                                                  (335)       (502)
Disallowable expenses                                                                                                              8            8
Different local basis of tax on overseas profits                                                                                  (4)           1
Change in future local statutory tax rates                                                                                       (19)           6
Losses surrendered intra-group for nil value                                                                                      26         100
Total tax credited to income statement                                                                                          (113)        (95)

Finance (No 2) Act 2015 introduced legislation reducing the rate of corporation tax from 20% at 1 April 2016 to 19% from 1 April 2017 and to
18% from 1 April 2020. The Finance Act 2016 reduced the corporation tax rate further to 17% from 1 April 2020.
    The reductions in rate from 20% to 19% and then to 17% have been used in the calculation of the UK’s deferred tax assets and liabilities
as at 31 December 2017.
    The majority of the 2016 deferred tax asset was utilised during 2017 as a corporation tax deduction giving rise to a credit of £19 million.

(v) Deferred tax
A deferred tax asset of £9 million (2016: £156 million), arises in respect of expected future pension contributions and other post retirement
obligations. In 2017 the majority of the deferred tax asset brought forward has been realised and offset against taxable profits in the UK.
    In addition, a deferred tax liability from 2016 of £4 million in respect of anticipated future income was written down to £nil in 2017.
Deferred tax is recognised at 17% (2016: 17%). The Company does not have any unrecognised temporary differences (2016: £nil).

(vi) Current tax assets
Current tax assets recoverable in more than one year are £255 million (2016: £135 million).

D – Direct capital instrument and tier 1 notes
Details of the Direct Capital instrument and tier 1 notes are given in the Group consolidated financial statements, note 34. The 6.875% £210
million STICS are reflected in the Company financial statements at a value of £224 million (2016: £224 million) following the transfer at fair
value from Friends Life Holdings plc on 1 October 2015.




                                                        Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                           234
                                         Strategic report                             Governance                      IFRS financial statements                         Other information


Notes to the financial statements of the Company                                    Continued


E – Reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                          Investment       Equity-
                                                                                                                                                                              Merger        valuation compensation             Retained
                                                                                                                                                                             Reserve          reserve      reserve1            earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                 £m               £m           £m                   £m

Balance at 1 January 2016                                                                                                                                                    6,438           10,863                 70           3,124
Arising in the year:
Profit for the year                                                                                                                                                               —               —                 —            1,559
Fair value losses on investments in subsidiaries and joint venture                                                                                                                —           (1,742)               —               —
Remeasurements of pension schemes                                                                                                                                                 —               —                 —                (6)
Dividends and appropriations                                                                                                                                                      —               —                 —             (973)
Reserves credit for equity compensation plans                                                                                                                                     —               —                 38              —
Issue of share capital under equity compensation scheme                                                                                                                           —               —                (30)             26
Aggregate tax effect                                                                                                                                                              —               —                 —               17
Balance at 31 December 2016                                                                                                                                                  6,438            9,121                 78          3,747
Arising in the year:
Profit for the year                                                                                                                                                               —               —                 —           1,225
Fair value gains on investments in subsidiaries and joint venture                                                                                                                 —              707                —              —
Remeasurements of pension schemes                                                                                                                                                 —               —                 —              (2)
Dividends and appropriations                                                                                                                                                      —               —                 —          (1,081)
Reserves credit for equity compensation plans                                                                                                                                     —               —                 77             —
Issue of share capital under equity compensation scheme                                                                                                                           —               —                (44)            42
Shares purchased in buy-back                                                                                                                                                      —               —                 —            (300)
Redemption of fixed rate tier 1 notes2                                                                                                                                            —               —                 —             (92)
Aggregate tax effect                                                                                                                                                              —               —                 —              16
Balance at 31 December 2017                                                                                                                                                  6,438            9,828               111           3,555
1   Refer to notes 31d and 36 for further details of balances included in Equity-compensation reserve.
2   On 28 September 2017, notification was given that the Group would redeem the 8.25% US $650 million fixed rate tier 1 notes. At that date, the instrument was reclassified as a financial liability of £484 million, representing its
    fair value on translation into sterling at that date. The resulting foreign exchange loss of £92 million has been charged to retained earnings. See note 34 for further details.


The tax effect of £16 million (2016: £17 million) is recognised in respect of coupon payments of £81 million (2016: £85 million) on the direct
capital instrument and tier 1 notes.

F – Borrowings
The Company’s borrowings comprise:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2017              2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   £m                £m

Subordinated debt                                                                                                                                                                                              6,009             5,916
Senior notes                                                                                                                                                                                                     751               722
Commercial paper                                                                                                                                                                                                 668               642
                                                                                                                                                                                                               7,428             7,280

Maturity analysis of contractual undiscounted cash flows:
                                                                                                                                                                                2017                                                2016
                                                                                                                                          Principal         Interest            Total         Principal         Interest            Total
                                                                                                                                                £m               £m               £m                £m               £m              £m

Within 1 year                                                                                                                               978               333            1,311              642               328              970
1 – 5 years                                                                                                                                 266             1,311            1,577              570             1,305            1,875
5 – 10 years                                                                                                                                444             1,591            2,035              427             1,572            1,999
10 – 15 years1                                                                                                                                -             1,589            1,589                -             1,567            1,567
Over 15 years1                                                                                                                            5,791             3,282            9,073            5,698             3,499            9,197
Total contractual undiscounted cash flows                                                                                                 7,479             8,106          15,585             7,337             8,271          15,608
1   Following a review of the treatment of undated subordinated debt we have reallocated £800 million of such instruments from the 10 to 15 years category to the Over 15 years category. As a result of this change prior year
    comparatives have been restated.


Where subordinated debt is undated, the interest payments have not been included beyond 15 years. Annual interest payments in future
years for these borrowings are £49 million (2016: £49 million).
    The fair value of the subordinated debt at 31 December 2017 was £7,046 million (2016: £6,385 million), calculated with reference to
quoted prices. The fair value of the senior debt at 31 December 2017 was £756 million (2016: £720 million), calculated with reference to
quoted prices. The fair value of the commercial paper is considered to be the same as its carrying value.
    Further details of these borrowings and undrawn committed facilities can be found in the Group consolidated financial statements,
note 49, with details of the fair value hierarchy in relation to these borrowings in note 22.

G – Contingent liabilities
Details of the Company’s contingent liabilities are given in the Group consolidated financial statements, note 52.




                                                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                        235
                          Strategic report           Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Notes to the financial statements of the Company   Continued


H – Risk management
Risk management in the context of the Group is considered in the Group consolidated financial statements, note 56.
    The business of the Company is managing its investments in subsidiaries and joint venture operations. Its risks are considered to be the
same as those in the operations themselves and full details of the major risks and the Group’s approach to managing these are given in the
Group consolidated financial statements, note 56. Such investments are held by the Company at fair value in accordance with accounting
policy D.
    The fair values of the subsidiaries and joint ventures are estimated using applicable valuation models, underpinned by the Company’s
market capitalisation. This uses the Company’s closing share price at year end. Given that the key input into the valuation model is based
on an observable current share price, and therefore sensitive to movements in that price, the valuation process is not sensitive to non-
observable market assumptions.
    Financial assets, other than investments in subsidiaries and the joint ventures, largely consist of amounts due from subsidiaries. As at
the balance sheet date, these receivable amounts were neither past due nor impaired.
    Financial liabilities owed by the Company as at the balance sheet date are largely in respect of borrowings (details of which are
provided in note F and the Group consolidated financial statements, note 49) and loans owed to subsidiaries. Loans owed to subsidiaries
were within agreed credit terms as at the balance sheet date.

Interest rate risk
Loans to and from subsidiaries are at either fixed or floating rates of interest, with the latter being exposed to fluctuations in these rates.
The choice of rates is designed to match the characteristics of financial investments (which are also exposed to interest rate fluctuations)
held in both the Company and the relevant subsidiary, to mitigate as far as possible each company’s net exposure.
    All of the Company’s long-term external borrowings are at fixed rates of interest and are therefore not exposed to changes in these
rates. However, for short term commercial paper, the Company is affected by changes in these rates to the extent the redemption of these
borrowings is funded by the issuance of new commercial paper or other borrowings. Further details of the Company’s borrowings are
provided in note F and the Group consolidated financial statements, note 49.
    The effect of a 100 basis point increase/decrease in interest rates on floating rate loans due to and from subsidiaries and on refinancing
short term commercial paper as it matures would be a decrease/increase in profit before tax of £114 million (2016: decrease/increase of
£108 million). The net asset value of the Company’s financial resources is not materially affected by fluctuations in interest rates.

Currency risk
The Company’s direct subsidiaries are exposed to foreign currency risk arising from fluctuations in exchange rates during the course of
providing insurance and asset management services around the world. The exposure of the subsidiaries to currency risk is considered from
a Group perspective in the Group consolidated financial statements, note 56(c)(v).
     The Company faces exposure to foreign currency risk through some of its borrowings which are denominated in Euros. However, most
of these borrowings have been on-lent to a subsidiary which holds investments in Euros, generating the net investment hedge described in
the Group consolidated financial statements, note 57(a).

Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk of not being able to make payments as they become due because there are insufficient assets in cash form. The
Company’s main sources of liquidity are liquid assets held within the Company and its subsidiary Aviva Group Holdings Limited, and
dividends received from the Group’s insurance and asset management businesses. Sources of liquidity in normal markets also includes a
variety of short and long-term instruments including commercial papers and medium and long-term debt. In addition to the existing liquid
resources and expected inflows, the Company maintains significant undrawn committed borrowing facilities (£1,650 million) from a range
of leading international banks to further mitigate this risk.
     Maturity analysis of external borrowings and amounts due to and by subsidiaries are provided in notes F and I respectively.

I – Related party transactions
The Company receives dividend and interest income from subsidiaries and pays interest and fee expense to those subsidiaries in the
normal course of business. These activities are reflected in the table below.
    Loans to and from subsidiaries are made on normal arm’s-length commercial terms. The maturity analysis of the related party loans is
as follows:

Loans owed by subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 2017       2016
Maturity analysis                                                                                                                 £m         £m

Within 1 year                                                                                                                 1,730          —
1 – 5 years                                                                                                                     754       3,111
Over 5 years                                                                                                                  2,926       2,830
Total                                                                                                                         5,410       5,941

On 1 January 2013, Aviva International Holdings Limited, an indirect subsidiary, transferred the following loan liabilities with the Company
to Aviva Group Holdings Limited, its direct subsidiary:
• An unsecured loan of €250 million, entered into on 7 May 2003 accruing interest at fixed rate of 5.5% with settlement to be paid at
  maturity in May 2033. As at the Statement of Financial Position date, the total amount drawn down on the facility was £222 million
  (2016: £213 million).
• An unsecured loan of €500 million, entered into on 20 May 2008 accruing interest at a fixed rate of 6.88% with settlement to be paid at
  maturity in May 2018. As at the Statement of Financial Position date, the total amount drawn down on the facility was £444 million
  (2016: £427 million).


                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       236
                                       Strategic report      Governance          IFRS financial statements            Other information


Notes to the financial statements of the Company            Continued


I – Related party transactions continued
Loans owed by subsidiaries continued
On 23 December 2014, the Company provided an unsecured revolving credit facility of £2,000 million to Aviva Group Holdings Limited, its
subsidiary, with a maturity date of 3 September 2018. The facility accrues interest at 75 basis points above 6 month LIBOR. As at the
Statement of Financial Position date, the total amount drawn down on the facility was £1,286 million (2016: £1,959 million).
    On 27 June 2016, the Company provided an unsecured loan of C$446 million to Aviva Group Holdings Limited, its subsidiary, with a
maturity date of 27 June 2046. The loan accrues interest at 348 basis points above 6 month CDOR. As at the Statement of Financial Position
date, the total amount drawn was £263 million (2016: £269 million).
    On 30 September 2016, the Company provided the following loans to Aviva Group Holdings Limited, its subsidiary:
• An unsecured loan of €850 million with a maturity date of 30 September 2021. The loan accrues interest at 115 basis points above 12
  month EURIBOR with settlement to be paid at maturity. As at the Statement of Financial Position date, the total amount drawn was
  £754 million (2016: £725 million).
• An unsecured loan of €650 million with a maturity date of 5 July 2023. The loan accrues interest at a fixed rate of 1.54% with settlement to
  be paid at maturity. As at the Statement of Financial Position date, the total amount drawn down on the facility was £577 million
  (2016: £555 million).
• An unsecured loan of €700 million with a maturity date of 3 July 2024. The loan accrues interest at a fixed rate of 1.64% with settlement to
  be paid at maturity. As at the Statement of Financial Position date, the total amount drawn down on the facility was £621 million
  (2016: £597 million).
• An unsecured loan of €900 million with a maturity date of 4 December 2025. The loan accrues interest at a fixed rate of 1.74% with
  settlement to be paid at maturity. As at the Statement of Financial Position date, the total amount drawn down on the facility was £799
  million (2016: £769 million).

On 21 November 2016, the Company provided an unsecured loan €500 million to Aviva Group Holdings Limited, its subsidiary, with a
maturity date of 27 October 2023. The loan accrues interest at a fixed rate of 1.75% with settlement to be paid at maturity. As at the
Statement of Financial Position date, the total amount drawn was £444 million (2016: £427 million).

Loans owed to subsidiaries
                                                                                                                             2017                                             2016
                                                                                             Principal   Interest           Total         Principal        Interest          Total
Maturity analysis of contractual undiscounted cash flows:                                          £m         £m              £m                £m              £m            £m

Within 1 year                                                                                3,108         122           3,230              156              143            299
1 – 5 years                                                                                  9,900         390          10,290           13,098              336         13,434
Over 5 years                                                                                    —           —               —                —                —              —
Total                                                                                       13,008         512          13,520           13,254              479         13,733

On 3 September 2013 Aviva Group Holdings Limited, its subsidiary provided and unsecured rolling credit facility of £5,000 million to the
Company, accruing interest at 75 basis points above 6 month LIBOR and with maturity date of 3 September 2018. The total amount drawn
down on the facility at 31 December 2017 was £3,108 million (2016: £3,108 million).
    On 3 September 2013 Aviva Group Holdings Limited, its subsidiary provided and unsecured rolling credit facility of €250 million to the
Company, accruing interest at 75 basis points above 6 month LIBOR and with maturity date of 3 September 2018. The total amount drawn
down on the facility at 31 December 2017 was £nil (2016: £nil).
    On 14 December 2017, the Company renewed its facility with GA plc, its subsidiary, of £9,990 million and the Board approved the
extension of the maturity of the loan by five years from 31 December 2017 to 31 December 2022. The other terms of the loan will remain
unchanged, including the rate of interest payable by the Company to GA plc (65 basis points above 3 months LIBOR and in the event that
the LIBOR rate is less than zero, the rate shall be deemed to be zero). As at 31 December 2017, the loan balance outstanding was £9,900
million (2016: £9,990 million). This loan is secured against the ordinary share capital of Aviva Group Holdings Limited.
    Other related party balances comprise dividends and interest receivable and payable, as well as intercompany balances for fees and
other transactions in the normal course of business.

Dividends, loans, interest
Services provided to related parties
                                                                                                                                              2017                            2016
                                                                                                                    Income earned     Receivable at Income earned     Receivable at
                                                                                                                        in the year       year end      in the year       year end
                                                                                                                                £m              £m              £m              £m

Subsidiaries                                                                                                              1,856            5,708           2,566           6,262

The Company incurred expenses in the year of £0.2 million (2016: £0.2 million) representing audit fees paid by the Company on behalf of
subsidiaries. The Company did not recharge subsidiaries for these expenses.
   The related parties’ receivables are not secured and no guarantees were received in respect thereof. The receivables will be settled in
accordance with normal credit terms.




                                                            Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                               237
                          Strategic report           Governance          IFRS financial statements     Other information


Notes to the financial statements of the Company    Continued


I – Related party transactions continued
Dividends, loans, interest continued
Services provided by related parties
                                                                                                                           2017                       2016
                                                                                                           Expense                   Expense
                                                                                                        incurred in   Payable at   incurred in   Payable at
                                                                                                              year     year end           year    year end
                                                                                                               £m            £m            £m           £m

Subsidiaries                                                                                                 175      17,092            182      17,296

Of the related parties’ payables, £9,900 million (2016: £9,990 million) are secured. The remaining £7,192 million (2016: £7,306 million) are not
secured and no guarantees were received in respect thereof. The payables will be settled in accordance with normal credit terms. Details of
guarantees, indemnities and warranties given by the Company on behalf of related parties are given in note 52(f).
    The directors and key management of the Company are considered to be the same as for the Group. Information on both the Company
and Group key management compensation can be found in note 59.

J – Subsequent events
There are no subsequent events to report.




                                                    Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                       238
                       Strategic report   Governance            IFRS financial statements   Other information




Other information
In this section                                  Page
Alternative Performance Measures                 240
Shareholder services                             246




                                          Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                             239
                          Strategic report              Governance           IFRS financial statements   Other information


Alternative Performance Measures


Alternative Performance Measures                                             Operating profit includes the effect of variances in experience for
In order to fully explain the performance of our business, we discuss        non-economic items, such as mortality, persistency and expenses,
and analyse our results in terms of financial measures which include         and the effect of changes in non-economic assumptions. This
a number of alternative performance measures (APMs). APMs are                would include movements in liabilities due to changes in discount
non-GAAP measures which are used to supplement the disclosures               rate arising from management decisions that impact on product
prepared in accordance with other regulations such as International          profitability over the lifetime of products. Changes due to economic
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and Solvency II. We believe             items, such as market value movement and interest rate changes,
these measures provide useful information to enhance the                     which give rise to variances between actual and expected
understanding of our financial performance. However, APMs should             investment returns, and the impact of changes in economic
be viewed as complementary to, rather than as a substitute for, the          assumptions on liabilities, are disclosed separately outside
figures determined according to other regulations.                           operating profit.
     The APMs utilised by Aviva may not be the same as those used                Operating profit for the non-life insurance business is based on
by other insurers and may change over time. These metrics are                expected investment returns on financial investments backing
reviewed annually and updated as appropriate to ensure they                  shareholder funds over the period.
remain an effective measurement that underpins the objectives for
the Group.                                                                   • Expected investment returns are calculated for equities and
     This section includes additional detail in respect of APMs                properties by multiplying the opening market value of the
utilised by the Group, including a reconciliation to the relevant              investments, adjusted for sales and purchases during the year, by
amounts appearing in the Group’s IFRS financial statements and,                the longer-term rate of return. This rate of return is the same as
where appropriate, a commentary on the material reconciling                    that applied for the long-term business expected returns.
items. This section should be read in conjunction with the Strategic         • The longer-term return for other investments is the actual income
report which includes an analysis of the development and                       receivable for the period.
performance of the Group’s business during the year and its overall
financial position at the end of the year.                                   Changes due to market value movement and interest rate changes,
                                                                             which give rise to variances between actual and expected
1. Group adjusted operating profit (operating profit)                        investment returns, are disclosed separately outside operating
Operating profit is a non-GAAP APM which is reported to the Group            profit. The impact of changes in the discount rate applied to claims
chief operating decision maker for the purpose of decision making            provisions is also disclosed outside operating profit.
and internal performance management of the Group’s operating                      The exclusion of short-term investment variances from this APM
segments that incorporates an expected return on investments                 reflects the long-term nature of much of our business. The
supporting the life and non-life insurance businesses. The various           operating profit which is used in managing the performance of our
items taken out of operating profit are:                                     operating segments excludes the impact of economic factors, to
                                                                             provide a comparable measure year-on-year.
Investment variances and economic assumptions changes
Operating profit for the life insurance business is based on expected        Impairment, amortisation and profit/loss on disposal
investment returns on financial investments backing shareholder              Operating profit also excludes impairment of goodwill, associates
and policyholder funds over the reporting period, with allowance             and joint ventures; amortisation and impairment of other
for the corresponding expected movements in liabilities.                     intangibles; amortisation and impairment of acquired value of in-
• The expected rate of return is determined using consistent                 force business; and the profit or loss on disposal and
  assumptions between operations, having regard to local                     remeasurement of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates.
  economic and market forecasts of investment return and asset               These items principally relate to merger and acquisition activity
  classification.                                                            which we view as strategic in nature, hence they are excluded from
• For fixed interest securities classified as fair value through profit or   the operating profit APM as this is principally used to manage the
  loss, the expected investment returns are based on average                 performance of our operating segments when reporting to the
  prospective yields for the actual assets held less an adjustment           Group chief operating decision maker.
  for credit risks. Where such securities are classified as available for
  sale the expected return comprises interest or dividend payments
  and amortisation of the premium or discount at purchase.
• The expected return on equities and properties is calculated by
  reference to the opening 10-year swap rate in the relevant
  currency plus an appropriate risk margin.




                                                       Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                          240
                          Strategic report               Governance            IFRS financial statements   Other information


Alternative Performance Measures             Continued


Other items                                                                 prolonged low interest rates. A further negative variance stems from
These items are, in the Directors’ view, required to be separately          losses realised in 2017 on derivative-based funds.
disclosed by virtue of their nature or incidence to enable a full                During 2017 the Group has kept its long-term assumptions for
understanding of the Group’s financial performance.                         future property prices and rental income under review to allow for
    Operating profit is presented before and after integration and          the possible future adverse impact of the decision for the UK to
restructuring costs.                                                        leave the European Union. The aim has been to maintain the same
                                                                            allowance in these assumptions in 2017 as was included in 2016, as
      The Group adjusted operating profit APM should be viewed as           the impact of the Brexit process on the UK economy remains
complementary to IFRS GAAP measures. It is important to consider            uncertain.
Group adjusted operating profit and profit before tax together to                In 2016, investment variances and economic assumption
understand the performance of the business in the period.                   changes were £379 million positive. Positive variances in the UK
      The table below presents a reconciliation between our                 reflected lower interest rates and narrowing credit spreads, which
consolidated operating profit and profit before tax attributable to         increased asset values more than liabilities. In the first half of 2016
shareholders’ profits.                                                      the Group revised its expectation of future property prices and
                                                           2017       2016
                                                                            rental income in light of the UK referendum vote for the UK to leave
                                                            £m          £m  the European Union. The adverse impact of this adjustment on the
United Kingdom – Life                                    1,764      1,553 Group’s equity release and commercial mortgage portfolios was
United Kingdom – General Insurance                         411        395 broadly offset in the second half of the year as expectations for
Canada                                                      46        270 future property price and rental growth increased. In addition, in the
Europe                                                   1,059      1,019
Asia                                                       191        201
                                                                            UK the investment variance reflected a refined approach of
Aviva Investors                                            201        160 assuming best estimate expected credit defaults on corporate
Other Group activities                                    (604)      (588) bonds, with a resulting increase in Group adjusted operating profit
Operating profit before tax attributable to                                 in the period. The positive variance in the UK was partially offset by
  shareholders' profit                                   3,068      3,010 negative variances in France and Italy. The negative variance in
Integration and restructuring costs                       (141)      (212) France reflected losses on equity hedges managed on an economic
                                                                            basis rather than an IFRS basis and falling interest rates, while the
Operating profit before tax after integration and
  restructuring costs                                    2,927      2,798 negative variance in Italy reflected widening credit spreads.
                                                                                 Short-term fluctuations on non long-term business were £345
Adjusted for the following:
Investment return variances and economic assumption                         million negative (2016: £518 million negative). The adverse
  changes on long-term business                             34        379 movements during 2017 are mainly due to foreign exchange losses
Short-term fluctuation in return on investments on                          and adverse market movements on Group Centre holdings,
  non-long-term business                                  (345)      (518) including the centre hedging programme.
Economic assumption changes on general insurance                                 In the general insurance and health business, an adverse impact
  and health business                                        (7)     (242) of £7 million (2016: £242 million adverse) mainly arises as a result of
Impairment of goodwill, associates and joint ventures
  and other amounts expensed                               (49)         — a slight decrease in the estimated future inflation rate used to value
Amortisation and impairment of intangibles                (197)      (175) periodic payment orders offset by a slight decrease in the interest
Amortisation and impairment of acquired value of in-                        rates used to discount claim reserves for periodic payment orders
  force business                                          (495)      (540) and latent claims. During 2016 market interest rates used to
(Loss)/profit on the disposal and remeasurement of                          discount periodic payment orders and latent claims reduced and
  subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates              135         (11) the estimated future inflation rate used to value periodic payment
Other                                                        —       (498) orders was increased to be consistent with market expectations.
Adjusting items before tax                                (924)    (1,605) This was, in part, offset by a change in estimate for the interest rate
Profit before tax attributable to shareholders' profits  2,003      1,193 used to discount periodic payment orders to allow for the illiquid
                                                                            nature of these liabilities.
Adjusting items                                                                  Impairment of goodwill, associates and joint ventures expensed
Integration and restructuring costs decreased to £141 million (2016:        in the period comprised of £2 million in respect of an impairment of
£212 million), as a result of lower transformation spend.                   goodwill at Elite Insurance Company of Canada and £47 million in
      Life investment variances and economic assumption changes             respect of the full impairment of goodwill in our investment in
were £34 million positive (2016: £379 million positive). The variance       associate Aviva India (2016: £nil).
in 2017 is driven by positive variances in the UK, which are partially           Amortisation and impairment of acquired value of in-force
offset by negative variances in France.                                     business (‘AVIF’) in the year is a charge of £495 million (2016: £540
      Positive variances in the UK are mainly due to economic               million charge). The charge for the year includes £469 million of
modelling developments implemented in 2017. These include a                 amortisation in respect of the Group’s subsidiaries and joint-
one-off development to align the approach to calculating the                ventures and impairment charges of £26 million in relation to the
valuation interest rate across the heritage Aviva and Friends Life          FPI’s reinsured book of business and Aviva India.
portfolios and also a development to the approach to calculating                 The total Group profit on disposal and remeasurement of
the valuation interest rate for certain deferred annuity business.          subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates is £135 million (2016: £11
Positive variances also reflect fewer than expected defaults and            million loss). This consists of £23 million of remeasurement gains in
downgrades on corporate bonds, better than expected experience              respect of the joint venture operations in Poland and Aviva Vietnam;
on equity release mortgages (in terms of losses related to no               £237 million profit on the disposals of Antarius, France health, three
negative equity guarantees) and a reduction in the default                  businesses in Spain and other small operations; offset by £125
allowances for commercial mortgages.                                        million of remeasurement losses in relation to FPI and Taiwan.
      The negative variance in France is primarily due to an increase            Other items are those items that, in the directors’ view, are
in life annuity pension reserves, resulting from a reduction to the         required to be separately disclosed by virtue of their nature or
discount rate cap used in the calculation of these reserves. This           incidence to enable a full understanding of the Group’s financial
economic assumption change reflects the current environment of              performance. There were no other items in 2017.



                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            241
                          Strategic report               Governance            IFRS financial statements                       Other information


Alternative Performance Measures             Continued


     In 2016, other items included a charge of £475 million in respect              The reconciliation from total Group equity on an IFRS basis to
of the change in the Ogden discount rate. This was excluded from               Solvency II Own Funds is presented below. This information is
operating profit on the grounds that the change in rate from 2.5% to           estimated and is therefore subject to change. The valuation
-0.75% reflects the Lord Chancellor’s view of the development of               differences reflect moving from IFRS valuations to a Solvency II
interest rates in the period since 2001 when the rate was last                 shareholder view of Own Funds.
adjusted. This was reported outside operating profit as it does not
reflect the underlying performance of the Group for the year and                                                                                                               2017             2016
                                                                                                                                                                                £bn              £bn
would distort the trend in Group adjusted operating profit on a
                                                                               Total Group equity on an IFRS basis                                                           19.1              19.6
year-on-year basis. In 2017 the impact of Ogden was immaterial.
                                                                               Elimination of goodwill and other intangible assets1                                          (9.8)            (10.0)
     In 2016, other items also include £23 million relating to the loss        Liability valuation differences (net of transitional
upon the completion of an outwards reinsurance contract, written                                                                                                             22.0              22.1
                                                                                  deductions)2
in 2015 by the UK General Insurance business, which provides                   Inclusion of risk margin (net of transitional deductions)                                      (3.3)             (4.4)
significant protection against claims volatility from mesothelioma,            Net deferred tax3                                                                              (1.3)             (1.6)
industrial deafness and other long tail risks.                                 Revaluation of subordinated liabilities                                                        (0.7)             (0.9)
                                                                               Estimated Solvency II Net Assets (gross of non-
2. Solvency II                                                                   controlling interests)4                                                                     26.0              24.8
Solvency II, the European- wide prudential regulatory framework,               Difference between Solvency II Net Assets and Own
                                                                                                                                                                              (1.3)             (0.8)
came into force on 1 January 2016. Solvency II requires European                 Funds5
insurers to calculate regulatory capital adequacy at the level of both         Estimated Solvency II Own Funds                      6
                                                                                                                                                                             24.7              24.0
individual regulated subsidiaries and in aggregate at Group level              1   Includes £1.9 billion (2016: £2.0 billion) of goodwill and £7.9 billion (2016: £8.0 billion) of other intangible
using a consistent prudential regulatory framework. The Aviva                      assets comprising acquired value of in-force business of £3.3 billion (2016: £3.9 billion), deferred acquisition
                                                                                   costs (net of deferred income) of £2.9 billion (2016: £2.5 billion) and other intangibles of £1.7 billion (2016:
Group is regulated on a Solvency II basis and the Group Solvency II                £1.6 billion).
                                                                               2   Includes the adjustments required to reflect market consistent principles under Solvency II whereby non-
position reflects the consolidation of all underlying legal entities,              insurance assets and liabilities are measured using market value and liabilities arising from insurance
including non-EEA subsidiaries, under Solvency II.                                 contracts are valued on a best estimate basis using market-implied assumptions.
                                                                               3   Net deferred tax includes the tax effect of all other reconciling items in the table above which are shown
     The Solvency II regime is underpinned by market-consistent                    gross of tax.
principles whereby non-insurance assets and liabilities are typically          4   The 31 December 2016 Solvency II position includes the pro forma impacts of the disposal of Aviva’s 50%
                                                                                   shareholding in Antarius to Sogecap, which completed on 5 April 2017 (£0.1 billion) and an anticipated
measured using market value and liabilities arising from insurance                 future change to UK tax rules restricting the tax relief that can be claimed in respect of tax losses (£0.1
                                                                                   billion). However, under the amended tax rules published on 13 July 2017, this restriction will not be
contracts which are valued on a best estimate basis using market-                  material, and as a result no corresponding pro forma impact is included in the estimated 31 December 2017
implied assumptions. In addition, a risk margin is required to be                  Solvency II position. The 31 December 2016 Solvency II position also includes an adverse impact of a
                                                                                   notional reset of the transitional measure on technical provisions (‘TMTP’) to reflect interest rates at 31
held in respect of insurance contract liabilities to represent the                 December 2016 of £0.4 billion. The net pro forma impact on Own Funds arising from disposals of Friends
                                                                                   Provident International Limited and the Italian joint venture Avipop Assicurazioni S.p.A in 2017 is £nil.
additional amount an insurer would be expected to pay to transfer              5   Regulatory adjustments to bridge from Solvency II Net Assets to Own Funds include recognition of
its obligations to another insurer. The combination of best estimate               subordinated debt capital and non-controlling interests.
                                                                               6   The estimated Solvency II position represents the shareholder view. It excludes the contribution to Group
liabilities and the risk margin is referred to as ‘technical provisions’.          SCR and Group Own Funds of fully ring-fenced with-profits funds £3.3 billion (2016: £2.9 billion) and staff
Subject to regulatory approval, insurers may utilise a transitional                pension schemes in surplus £1.5 billion (2016: £1.1 billion) – these exclusions have no impact on Solvency II
                                                                                   surplus.
measure which spreads the increase in technical provisions arising
as a result of the implementation of Solvency II over a period of              A number of key performance metrics relating to Solvency II are
sixteen years from 1 January 2016. During this year the transitional           utilised to measure and monitor the Group’s performance and
measures were utilised by three entities across the Aviva Group. No            financial strength:
insurance undertakings within the Group use the transitional                   • The Solvency II cover ratio is an indicator of the Group’s balance
measure on risk-free interest rates.                                              sheet strength which is derived from own funds divided by the
     Available capital resources determined under Solvency II are                 SCR using a ‘shareholder view’ which excludes the contribution of
referred to as ‘own funds’. This includes the excess of assets over               fully ring fenced with-profits funds and staff pension schemes in
liabilities in the Solvency II balance sheet (calculated on best                  surplus. These adjustments have no impact on the Group’s
estimate, market consistent assumptions and net of transitional                   Solvency II surplus.
measures on technical provisions), subordinated liabilities that               • Operating Capital Generation (OCG) is the Solvency II surplus
qualify as capital under Solvency II, and off-balance sheet own                   movement in the period due to operating items including the
funds.                                                                            impact of new business, expected investment returns on existing
     The Solvency II regime requires insurers to hold own funds in                business, operating variances, non-economic assumption
excess of the Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR). The SCR is                      changes and non-recurring capital actions. It excludes economic
calculated at Group level using a risk based capital model which is               variances, economic assumption changes and integration and
calibrated to reflect the cost of mitigating the risk of insolvency to a          restructuring costs which are included in non-operating capital
99.5% confidence level over a one year time horizon – equivalent to               generation. ‘Underlying’ OCG is the component of the OCG which
a 1 in 200 year event – against financial and non-financial shocks. As            excludes the effect of non-recurring capital actions and non-
a number of subsidiaries utilise the standard formula rather than a               economic assumption changes and is therefore considered to be
risk based capital model to assess capital requirements, the overall              more representative of the long-term trend.
Aviva Group SCR is calculated using a partial internal model, and it           • The Solvency II value of new business (VNB) represents the
is shown after the impact of diversification benefit.                             increase in own funds arising from business written in the period,
     The Solvency II Own Funds position is shown inclusive of pro                 with adjustments made to i) include VNB not included in Solvency
forma adjustments to align it with the capital information presented              II (e.g. UK and Asia Healthcare business, retail fund management
to management internally. Pro forma adjustments are made when,                    business and UK Equity Release business) ii) remove the impact of
in the opinion of the Directors, the cover ratio does not fully reflect           contract boundaries and iii) include a ‘look through’ to the value
the effect of transactions or capital actions that are known as at                of profits arising in service companies (which would otherwise be
each reporting date. Such adjustments may be required in respect                  excluded from Solvency II). These adjustments are considered to
of planned acquisitions and disposals, group reorganisations and                  reflect a more realistic basis than the prudential Solvency II rules.
adjustments to the Solvency II valuation basis arising from changes               The VNB is derived from the present value of projected pre-tax
to the underlying Regulations or updated interpretations provided                 distributable profits generated by new business plus a risk
by EIOPA.                                                                         margin.


                                                         Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                            242
                         Strategic report               Governance            IFRS financial statements                       Other information


Alternative Performance Measures            Continued


Additional information relating to the component parts of these               Summary of Solvency II position
Solvency II key performance metrics is included below. The                                                                                                              2017          2016
information in the following sections in respect of Solvency II is                                                                                                       £bn           £bn

estimated and is therefore subject to change.                                 Own Funds1,2,3                                                                           24.7         24.0
                                                                              Solvency Capital Requirement1,2,3,4                                                     (12.5)       (12.7)
Solvency II position                                                          Estimated Solvency II Surplus at 31 December2,3                                         12.2          11.3
The Solvency II position disclosed is based on a ‘shareholder view’.          Estimated Shareholder Cover Ratio1,2,3                                                 198%          189%
This excludes the contribution to Group Solvency Capital
                                                                              1 The estimated Solvency II position represents the shareholder view. This excludes the contribution to Group
Requirement (SCR) and Group Own Funds of fully ring fenced with-                Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) and Group Own Funds of fully ring fenced with-profits funds £3.3 billion
                                                                                (2016: £2.9 billion) and staff pension schemes in surplus £1.5 billion (2016: £1.1 billion). These exclusions have
profits funds (£3.3 billion at 31 December 2017) and staff pension              no impact on Solvency II surplus.
schemes in surplus (£1.5 billion at 31 December 2017). These                  2 The estimated Solvency II position includes the pro forma impacts of the disposals of Friends Provident
                                                                                International Limited (£0.1 billion increase to surplus) and the Italian joint venture Avipop Assicurazioni S.p.A
exclusions have no impact on Solvency II surplus. The most material             (£0.1 billion increase to surplus).
fully ring fenced with-profits funds and staff pension schemes are            3 The 31 December 2016 Solvency II position includes the pro forma impacts of the disposal of Aviva’s 50%
                                                                                shareholding in Antarius to Sogecap, which completed on 5 April 2017 (£0.2 billion increase to surplus) and
self-supporting on a Solvency II capital basis with any surplus                 an anticipated future change to UK tax rules restricting the tax relief that can be claimed in respect of tax
                                                                                losses (£0.4 billion decrease to surplus). However, under the amended tax rules published on 13 July 2017,
capital above SCR not recognised in the Group position. The                     this restriction will not be material, and as a result no corresponding pro forma impact is included in the
shareholder view is therefore considered by management to be                    estimated 31 December 2017 Solvency II position. The 31 December 2016 Solvency II position also includes
                                                                                an adverse impact of a notional reset of the transitional measure on technical provisions (‘TMTP’) to reflect
more representative of the shareholders’ risk-exposure and the                  interest rates at 31 December 2016 £0.4 billion decrease to surplus.
Group’s ability to cover the SCR with eligible own funds.                     4 The Solvency Capital Requirement above represents the Solvency Capital Requirement after the impact of
                                                                                diversification benefit.
     The Solvency II risk margin is highly sensitive to movements in
interest rates, which can be offset by a reset of the transitional            Movement in Group Solvency II surplus
measure on technical provisions ('TMTP'). The 31 December 2016                An analysis of change in respect of the overall Group solvency
Solvency II position disclosed includes a notional reset of the TMTP          position, including as a result of Operating Capital Generation, is
to reflect interest rates at 31 December 2016. This presentation is in        included below.
line with the Group’s approach to manage its capital position
                                                                                                                                                                           Total     Total
assuming a dynamic TMTP in respect of the impact of interest rate                                                                                                          2017      2016
movements on the risk margin, as this avoids step changes to the                                                                                                            £bn       £bn

Solvency II position that arise only when the formal TMTP reset               Group Solvency II Surplus at 1 January 2017                                                11.3    9.7
points are triggered. The estimated 31 December 2017 Solvency II              Operating Capital Generation                                                                2.6 3.5
                                                                              Non-operating Capital Generation                                                           (0.3) (1.8)
position includes an estimated reset of the TMTP in line with the
                                                                              Dividends                                                                                  (1.1) (1.0)
regulatory requirement to reset the TMTP every two years. This                Share buy-back                                                                             (0.3)   —
TMTP has also been amortised on a straight line basis over 16 years           Foreign exchange variances                                                                  0.1 0.6
from 1 January 2016 in line with the Solvency II rules.                       Hybrid debt issuance/repayment                                                             (0.5) 0.4
     The 31 December 2017 Solvency II position disclosed includes             Acquired/divested business                                                                  0.4 (0.1)
two pro forma adjustments, to reflect known or highly likely events           Estimated Solvency II Surplus at 31 December 2017                                          12.2       11.3
materially affecting the Group’s solvency position post 31 December
2017. The adjustments consist of the disposals of Friends Provident           The estimated Solvency II surplus at 31 December 2017 is £12.2
International Limited and the Italian joint venture Avipop                    billion, with a shareholder cover ratio of 198%. This is an increase of
Assicurazioni S.p.A. These adjustments have been made in order to             £0.9 billion compared to the 31 December 2016 surplus. In 2017 the
show a more representative view of the Group’s solvency position.             beneficial impacts of Operating Capital Generation, disposals and
     The 31 December 2016 Solvency II Own Funds position includes             foreign exchange variances have been partially offset by hybrid debt
the pro forma impacts of £0.1 billion in relation to the disposal of          repayment, share buy-back and the impact of the Aviva plc
Aviva’s 50% shareholding in Antarius to Sogecap, which completed              dividend. The 2017 Operating Capital Generation includes the
on 5 April 2017, and a then anticipated future change to UK tax rules         beneficial impact of the transfer of the Friends Life business into the
restricting the tax relief that could be claimed in respect of tax            main UK life insurance fund. The beneficial impact from divested
losses announced in the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s Autumn                  businesses in 2017 includes the disposal of the Spanish joint
statement of 23 November 2016, which has been removed in 2017                 ventures Unicorp Vida and Caja Espana Vida and its retail life
following a clarification in the 13 July 2017 Finance Bill.                   insurance business Aviva Vida y Pensiones. Also included are pro-
                                                                              forma impacts of the disposals of Friends Provident International
                                                                              Limited and the Italian joint venture Avipop Assicurazioni S.p.A.




                                                        Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                           243
                                        Strategic report                             Governance                   IFRS financial statements                    Other information


Alternative Performance Measures                                 Continued


Analysis of Solvency II Operating Capital Generation                                                              An exceptional charge of £475 million was included in 2016
An analysis of the components of Operating Capital Generation,                                                    underwriting costs as a result of the change in the Ogden discount
including as a result of new business written in the period (VNB), is                                             rate from 2.5% set in 2001 to minus 0.75% in line with the
presented below:                                                                                                  announcement made by the Lord Chancellor on 27 February 2017.
                                                                                             2017          2016
                                                                                                                  This charge was excluded from this APM as it was considered that
                                                                                              £bn           £bn   the change made was one-off in nature and did not reflect the
Adjusted Solvency II VNB (gross of tax and non-                                                                   Group’s underlying performance i.e. it would distort the trend in the
                                                                                              1.2          0.9
   controlling interests)                                                                                         COR on a year-on-year basis.
Allowance for Solvency II contract boundary rules                                             —             —          The definition of COR has been changed to an earned basis. It
Differences due to change in business in scope                                              (0.2)         (0.2)   was previously calculated on a hybrid basis: the claims ratio was on
Tax & Other1                                                                                (0.3)         (0.2)   an earned basis with the incurred claims expressed as a percentage
Solvency II Own Funds impact of new business (net                                             0.7          0.5    of net earned premiums; while the commission and expense ratio
  of tax and non-controlling interests)                                                                           was on a written basis with written commissions and written
Solvency II SCR impact of new business                                                      (0.8)        (0.7)    expenses expressed as a percentage of net written premiums. This
Solvency II surplus impact of new business                                                  (0.1)        (0.2)    did not consider the impact of deferred commissions and expenses,
Life earnings from existing business                                                          1.6          2.0    which are included in the underwriting result. The new method is
Life Other OCG2                                                                               0.9          1.8    calculated as claims incurred, earned commission and earned
                                                                                                                  expenses as a percentage of net earned premiums which aligns
Life Solvency II operating capital generation                                                 2.4          3.6
                                                                                                                  better to our underwriting result. Comparatives have been realigned
GI, Health, FM & Other Solvency II OCG                                                        0.2        (0.1)    for 2016 on an earned basis.
Total Solvency II operating capital generation                                                2.6          3.5
1   Other includes the impact of look through profits in service companies (where not included in Solvency II)    4. Assets under management (AUM)
    and the reduction in value when moving to a net of non-controlling interests basis.
2   Other OCG includes the effect of non-recurring capital actions, non-economic assumption changes and
                                                                                                                  Assets under management represent all assets managed or
    Group diversification benefit.                                                                                administered by or on behalf of the Group, including those assets
                                                                                                                  managed by third parties. AUM include managed assets that are
The Group’s VNB increased by 25% to £1.2 billion (2016: £0.9 billion).                                            included within the Group’s statement of financial position and
This was primarily driven by growth of new business in the UK,                                                    those assets belonging to external clients outside the Aviva Group
Europe and Asia.                                                                                                  which are therefore not included in the Group’s statement of
     The UK benefitted from strong growth in volumes across all                                                   financial position.
segments. However, average margins reduced reflecting lower                                                           AUM is monitored as this reflects the potential earnings arising
margins on individual annuities and equity release. Following a                                                   from investment interest and commission and measures the size
clarification to the Solvency II rules made by the Prudential                                                     and scale of the AUM business.
Regulation Authority (PRA) in 2017, new business written from 1                                                       A reconciliation of this APM to amounts appearing in the
January 2016 is now reflected in the calculation of UK Life’s                                                     Group’s statement of financial position where possible is shown
transitional measures. This increased the adjusted Solvency II VNB                                                below.
(and Solvency II Own Funds impact of new business and Solvency II
                                                                                                                                                                                                            2017          2016
Surplus from life new business within OCG) mainly for annuities                                                                                                                                              £bn           £bn
business by £0.1 billion gross of tax and non-controlling interests as                                            AUM managed on behalf of Group companies
at the end of 2017.                                                                                               Assets included in statement of financial position1
     The increase in Europe was mainly driven by a change in                                                       Financial investments                                                                    319          310
business mix towards more profitable unit-linked and protection                                                    Investment properties                                                                     11            11
business in France and Italy and favourable foreign exchange                                                       Loans                                                                                     28            25
                                                                                                                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 44            39
movements, partly offset by lower volumes of with-profits business                                                 Other                                                                                      1             1
in France and sale of Antarius. Asia benefitted from higher volumes                                                                                                                                         403           386
of business in Singapore and China driven by sales growth in agency                                               Less: third party funds included above                                                    (19)          (17)
and broker channels and favourable foreign exchange movements.                                                                                                                                              384           369
                                                                                                                  AUM managed on behalf of third parties2
3. Combined operating ratio (COR)
                                                                                                                  Aviva Investors                                                                             75               57
A financial measurement of general insurance underwriting
                                                                                                                  UK Platform                                                                                 20               13
profitability calculated as total underwriting costs (as detailed
                                                                                                                  Other                                                                                       11               11
below) expressed as a percentage of net earned premiums. A COR
                                                                                                                                                                                                             106               81
below 100% indicates profitable underwriting.
     A reconciliation of the Group COR to amounts appearing in the                                                Total AUM                                                                                490           450
financial statements is shown below together with an explanation                                                  1   Includes assets classified as held for sale
                                                                                                                  2   AUM managed on behalf of third parties cannot be directly reconciled to the annual report and accounts
of material reconciling items, where appropriate.

                                                                                         2017             20161
                                                                                          £m               £m

Incurred claims                                                                     (5,856)           (5,536)
Commissions                                                                         (1,912)           (1,644)
Expenses                                                                              (901)             (823)
Total underwriting costs (including Ogden)                                          (8,669)           (8,003)
Impact of change in Ogden discount rate                                                    —             475
Total underwriting costs (excluding Ogden)                                          (8,669)           (7,528)
Net earned premiums                                                                   8,976            8,000
Combined operating ratio                                                            96.6%             94.2%
1   The combined operating ratio is now reported on an earned basis. Comparatives have been realigned to
    reflect this change.




                                                                                   Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                      244
                                         Strategic report                              Governance             IFRS financial statements                      Other information


Alternative Performance Measures                                   Continued


5. Net asset value (NAV) per share                                                                            7. Operating expenses
Net asset value (NAV) per share is calculated as the equity                                                   The day-to-day expenses involved in running the business are
attributable to shareholders of Aviva plc, less preference share                                              classified as operating expenses and forms part of the disclosures
capital (both within the consolidated statement of financial                                                  within note 6 of annual report and accounts.
position), divided by the actual number of shares in issue as at the                                                                                                                                       2017              2016
balance sheet date.                                                                                                                                                                                         £m                £m

     NAV is used to monitor the value generated by the Company in                                             Other expenses (per note 6)                                                               3,481             3,279
terms of the equity shareholders face value per share investment                                              Amortisation and impairment (per note 6)                                                  (671)             (708)
and enables comparability.                                                                                    Other acquisition cost (per note 6)1                                                        892               846
                                                                                                              Claims handling costs2                                                                      330               290
     A reconciliation of the component parts of this APM to amounts
                                                                                                              Integration & restructuring costs (per note 6)                                            (141)             (212)
appearing in the financial statements is shown below.                                                         Less other costs3                                                                          (113)               (87)
                                                                                             2017      2016   Operating expenses                                                                        3,778             3,408
                                                                                              £m        £m
                                                                                                              1   Other acquisition cost excluding £66 million acquisition costs relating to commission on non-participating
Equity attributable to shareholders of Aviva plc                                      17,169        17,003        investment contracts
Preference share capital                                                                (200)         (200)   2   Claims handling costs includes £322 million (2016: £289 million) of claims handling expenses as included in
                                                                                                                  the claims and benefits paid, net of recoveries from reinsurers and £8 million relating to the change in
Net Asset Value                                                                       16,969        16,803        claims handling provision included in the change in insurance liabilities, net of reinsurance as per note 6 of
                                                                                                                  the Annual report and accounts.
Actual number of shares in issue                                                           4,013     4,062    3   Other costs represent a reallocation of expenses to adjusting items based on management’s assessment of
                                                                                                                  on going maintenance of business units and includes movements in provisions set aside in respect of
Net asset value per share                                                                  423p      414p         ongoing regulatory compliance (included in note 47 – Pension deficits and other provisions)


6. Operating earnings per share (EPS)                                                                         Operating expenses excludes impairment of goodwill, associates
Operating EPS is calculated based on the Group adjusted operating                                             and joint ventures; amortisation and impairment of other
profit attributable to ordinary shareholders net of tax, deducting                                            intangibles; amortisation and impairment of acquired value of in-
non-controlling interests, preference dividends, the direct capital                                           force business; and the profit or loss on disposal and
instrument (DCI) and tier one note coupons divided by the weighted                                            remeasurement of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates.
average number of ordinary shares in issue, after deducting treasury                                          These items principally relate to merger and acquisition activity
shares. Operating EPS is an important measure used by                                                         which we view as strategic in nature, hence they are excluded from
management to determine the dividend payout ratio target and                                                  the operating profit APM as this is principally used to manage the
hence a useful APM for the users of the financial statements.                                                 performance of our operating segments.
    A reconciliation of the components of this APM to amounts                                                     Integration & restructuring costs are also excluded as these are
appearing in the financial statements is shown below. The                                                     considered non-recurring and can be considered as strategic in
components of operating and basic EPS are also detailed in note 14                                            nature.
– ‘Earnings per share’.                                                                                           Other acquisition costs and claims handling costs are included
                                                                                             2017      2016
                                                                                                              as these are considered to be controllable by the operating
                                                                                              £m        £m    segments and directly impact their performance.
Operating profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
  net of tax                                                                               2,429     2,304    8. Cash remittances
Non-controlling interests                                                                   (134)     (147)   Amounts paid by our operating businesses to the Group, comprise
Preference dividends                                                                         (17)      (17)   dividends and interest on internal loans. Dividend payments by
Direct capital instrument and tier 1 notes1                                                  (65)      (68)
                                                                                                              operating businesses may be subject to insurance regulations that
Adjusted operating earnings                                                                2,213     2,072    restrict the amount that can be paid. The business monitors total
Weighted average number of shares (after deduction                                                            cash remittances at a group level and in each of its markets. Net
of treasury shares)                                                                        4,041     4,051    cash remittances represent group cash remittances after deducting
Operating EPS                                                                          54.8p         51.1p    capital injections. This metric is used in assessing the financial
1   This relates to coupon payments in respect of the DCI and tier 1 notes (net of tax).                      performance within the Directors bonus scorecard for remuneration
                                                                                                              purposes.
                                                                                                                  These amounts eliminate on consolidation and hence are not
                                                                                                              directly reconcilable to the Group’s IFRS consolidated statement of
                                                                                                              cash flows.

                                                                                                              9. Return on Equity (RoE)
                                                                                                              The operating RoE calculation is based on Group adjusted
                                                                                                              operating profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders
                                                                                                              expressed as a percentage of weighted average ordinary
                                                                                                              shareholders’ equity (excluding non-controlling interests,
                                                                                                              preference share capital and direct capital instrument and tier 1
                                                                                                              notes).




                                                                                      Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                         245
                                       Strategic report                           Governance                   IFRS financial statements    Other information


Shareholder services



Shareholder                                                                                                    Manage your shareholding online
                                                                                                               www.aviva.com/shareholders:
                                                                                                               General information for shareholders.
services                                                                                                       www.aviva.com/online:
                                                                                                               You can access Computershare online services and log in using your
                                                                                                               Computershare details to:
                                                                                                               • Change your address
                                                                                                               • Change payment options
                                                                                                               • Switch to electronic communications
2018 Financial Calendar                                                                                        • View your shareholding
Ordinary dividend timetable:                                           Final                       Interim**   • View any outstanding payments
Ordinary ex-dividend date                                  5 April 2018             16 August 2018
Dividend record date                                       6 April 2018             17 August 2018             www.aviva.co.uk/myaviva:
                                                                                                               If you have already registered for MyAviva you’ll be able to view
Last day for Dividend Reinvestment                        25 April 2018         3 September 2018
  Plan and currency election                                                                                   useful shareholder information. You can also check the details of
                                                                                                               Aviva policies you may have. Our online portal brings all this
Dividend payment date*                                    17 May 2018 24 September 2018
                                                                                                               information together into one safe and secure place at a time that
Other key dates:                                                                                               suits you. Just login as normal using your email address via
Annual General Meeting                                                    11 am on 10 May 2018                 www.aviva.co.uk/myaviva.
2018 interim results announcement                                                     2 August 2018                 MyAviva also includes a link to the Investor Centre, where you
*  Please note that the ADR local payment date will be approximately four business days after the proposed     can log in and manage your shareholding as outlined above.
   dividend date for ordinary shares.
** These dates are provisional and subject to change
                                                                                                               Shareholder contacts:
Dividend payment options                                                                                       Ordinary and preference shares – Contact:
Shareholders are able to receive their dividends in the following                                              For any queries regarding your shareholding, please contact
ways:                                                                                                          Computershare:
                                                                                                               • By Telephone: 0371 495 0105
• Directly into a nominated UK bank account
• Directly into a nominated eurozone bank account
                                                                                                                 We are open Monday to Friday, 8.30am to 5.30pm UK time,
• The Global Payment Service provided by our Registrar,
                                                                                                                 excluding public holidays. Please call +44 117 378 8361 if calling
  Computershare. This enables shareholders living outside of the                                                 from outside of the UK
                                                                                                               • By Email: AvivaSHARES@computershare.co.uk
  Single European Payment Area to elect to receive their dividends
                                                                                                               • In Writing: Computershare Investor Services PLC, The Pavilions,
  or interest payments in a choice of over 60 international
  currencies                                                                                                     Bridgwater Road, Bristol, BS99 6ZZ
• The Dividend Reinvestment Plan enables eligible shareholders to
                                                                                                               American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) – Contact:
  reinvest their cash dividend in additional Aviva ordinary shares
                                                                                                               For any queries regarding Aviva ADRs, please contact Citibank
                                                                                                               Shareholder Services (Citibank):
You can find further details regarding these payment options at
                                                                                                               • By Telephone: 1 877 248 4237 (1 877-CITI-ADR)
www.aviva.com/dividends and register your choice by contacting
                                                                                                                 We are open Monday to Friday, 8.30am to 6pm US Eastern
Computershare using the contact details opposite, online at
                                                                                                                 Standard Time, excluding public holidays. Please call +1 781 575
www.aviva.com/online or by returning a dividend mandate form.
                                                                                                                 4555 if calling from outside of the US
You must register for one of these payment options to receive any
                                                                                                               • By Email: Citibank@shareholders-online.com
dividend payments from Aviva.
                                                                                                               • In Writing: Citibank Shareholder Services, PO Box 43077,
                                                                                                                 Providence, Rhode Island, 02940-3077 USA
Annual General Meeting (AGM)
The 2018 AGM will be held at The Queen Elizabeth II Centre, Broad                                              Group Company Secretary
Sanctuary, Westminster, London SW1P 3EE, on Wednesday, 10 May                                                  Shareholders may contact the Group Company Secretary:
2018, at 11am.                                                                                                 • By Email: Aviva.shareholders@aviva.com
    Details of each resolution to be considered at the meeting and                                             • In Writing: Kirstine Cooper, Group Company Secretary, St
voting instructions are provided in the Notice of AGM, which is                                                  Helen’s, 1 Undershaft, London, EC3P 3DQ
available on the Company’s website at www.aviva.com/agm. The                                                   • By Telephone: +44 (0)20 7283 2000
voting results of the 2018 AGM will be accessible on the Company’s
website at www.aviva.com/agm shortly after the meeting.

Aviva plc strategic report
The strategic report sets out a review of Aviva’s business, addressing
key issues such as its business model, strategy and principal risks
and uncertainties facing the business. The strategic report forms
part of the annual report and accounts. However, shareholders can
also elect to receive Aviva’s standalone strategic report as an
alternative to the full annual report and accounts by contacting
Computershare using the contact details opposite.




                                                                                 Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                                                    246
                         Strategic report             Governance           IFRS financial statements     Other information


Cautionary statements



This document should be read in conjunction with the documents             errors or regulatory changes on the calculation of unit prices or
distributed by Aviva plc (the ‘Company’ or ‘Aviva’) through The            deduction of charges for our unit-linked products that may require
Regulatory News Service (RNS).                                             retrospective compensation to our customers; the effect of
     This announcement contains, and we may make other verbal or           fluctuations in share price as a result of general market conditions or
written ‘forward-looking statements’ with respect to certain of            otherwise; the effect of simplifying our operating structure and
Aviva’s plans and current goals and expectations relating to future        activities; the effect of a decline in any of our ratings by rating
financial condition, performance, results, strategic initiatives and       agencies on our standing among customers, broker-dealers, agents,
objectives. Statements containing the words ‘believes’, ‘intends’,         wholesalers and other distributors of our products and services;
‘expects’, ‘projects’, ‘plans’, ‘will’, ‘seeks’, ‘aims’, ‘may’, ‘could’,   changes to our brand and reputation; changes in government
‘outlook’, ‘likely’, ‘target’, ‘goal’, ‘guidance’, ‘trends’, ‘future’,     regulations or tax laws in jurisdictions where we conduct business,
‘estimates’, ‘potential’ and ‘anticipates’, and words of similar           including decreased demand for annuities in the UK due to changes
meaning, are forward-looking. By their nature, all forward-looking         in UK law; the inability to protect our intellectual property; the effect
statements involve risk and uncertainty. Accordingly, there are or         of undisclosed liabilities, integration issues and other risks
will be important factors that could cause actual results to differ        associated with our acquisitions; and the timing/regulatory
materially from those indicated in these statements. Aviva believes        approval impact, integration risk and other uncertainties, such as
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those    non-realisation of expected benefits or diversion of management
indicated in forward-looking statements in the announcement                attention and other resources, relating to announced acquisitions
include, but are not limited to: the impact of ongoing difficult           and pending disposals and relating to future acquisitions,
conditions in the global financial markets and the economy                 combinations or disposals within relevant industries, the policies,
generally; the impact of simplifying our operating structure and           decisions and actions of government or regulatory authorities in the
activities; the impact of various local and international political,       UK, the EU, the US or elsewhere, including the implementation of
regulatory and economic conditions; market developments and                key legislation and regulation. For a more detailed description of
government actions (including those arising from the referendum on         these risks, uncertainties and other factors, please see the ‘Risk and
UK membership of the European Union); the effect of credit spread          risk management’ section of the strategic report.
volatility on the net unrealised value of the investment portfolio; the         Aviva undertakes no obligation to update the forward looking
effect of losses due to defaults by counterparties, including              statements in this announcement or any other forward-looking
potential sovereign debt defaults or restructurings, on the value of       statements we may make. Forward-looking statements in this report
our investments; changes in interest rates that may cause                  are current only as of the date on which such statements are made.
policyholders to surrender their contracts, reduce the value of our             This report has been prepared for, and only for, the members of
portfolio and impact our asset and liability matching; the impact of       the Company, as a body, and no other persons. The Company, its
changes in short or long-term inflation; the impact of changes in          directors, employees, agents or advisers do not accept or assume
equity or property prices on our investment portfolio; fluctuations in     responsibility to any other person to who this document is shown or
currency exchange rates; the effect of market fluctuations on the          into whose hands it may come, and any such responsibility or
value of options and guarantees embedded in some of our life               liability is expressly disclaimed.
insurance products and the value of the assets backing their
reserves; the amount of allowances and impairments taken on our
investments; the effect of adverse capital and credit market
conditions on our ability to meet liquidity needs and our access to
capital; changes in, or restrictions on, our ability to initiate capital
management initiatives; changes in or inaccuracy of assumptions in
pricing and reserving for insurance business (particularly with regard
to mortality and morbidity trends, lapse rates and policy renewal
rates), longevity and endowments; a cyclical downturn of the
insurance industry; the impact of natural and man-made
catastrophic events on our business activities and results of
operations; our reliance on information and technology and third-
party service providers for our operations and systems; the inability
of reinsurers to meet obligations or unavailability of reinsurance
coverage; increased competition in the UK and in other countries
where we have significant operations; regulatory approval of
extension of use of the Group’s internal model for calculation of
regulatory capital under the European Union’s Solvency II rules; the
impact of actual experience differing from estimates used in valuing
and amortising deferred acquisition costs (DAC) and acquired value
of in-force business (AVIF); the impact of recognising an impairment
of our goodwill or intangibles with indefinite lives; changes in
valuation methodologies, estimates and assumptions used in the
valuation of investment securities; the effect of legal proceedings
and regulatory investigations; the impact of operational risks,
including inadequate or failed internal and external processes,
systems and human error or from external events (including cyber
attack); risks associated with arrangements with third parties,
including joint ventures; our reliance on third-party distribution
channels to deliver our products; funding risks associated with our
participation in defined benefit staff pension schemes; the failure to
attract or retain the necessary key personnel; the effect of systems


                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        247
Produced by MerchantCantos
www.merchantcantos.com

The cover of this report is printed on Cocoon Silk
100 and the text on Cocoon Preprint, made from
100% genuine de-inked post consumer waste
and is FSC® certified. This report was printed
using vegetable oil based inks by Pureprint
Group a CarbonNeutral® printer certified to
ISO 14001 environmental management system
and registered to EMAS the Eco Management
Audit Scheme.




                                                     Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2017
                                                                        248
Aviva plc
St Helen’s, 1 Undershaft
London EC3P 3DQ
+44 (0)20 7283 2000
www.aviva.com
Registered in England
Number 2468686
