ANNUAL REPORT
       2023
                Annual Report 2023
Contents
Corporate Information                                                      2

Chairman’s Statement                                                       3

Profile of Directors and Senior Management                                 5

Report of the Directors                                                   10

Independent Auditor’s Report                                             123

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and                             128
Other Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                             129

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                              131

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                     132

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                           134

Financial Summary                                                        196

Corporate Governance Report                                              197




       This annual report is printed on environmentally friendly paper
CORPORATE INFORMATION
as of 7 March 2024
FIH MOBILE LIMITED (THE “COMPANY”, AND TOGETHER WITH ITS SUBSIDIARIES, THE “GROUP”)
(References to “we”, “our” and “us” are references to “the Company” or “the Company’s” (as the case may be).)

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                     PRINCIPAL BANKERS
CHIH Yu Yang (Acting Chairman and                       Agricultural Bank of China
   Chief Executive Officer)                             Bank of Beijing
KUO Wen-Yi                                              Bank of China
LIN Chia-Yi (also known as Charles LIN)                 Bank of Communications
                                                        China Guangfa Bank
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                                  China Merchants Bank
CHANG Chuan-Wang                                        Chinatrust Commercial Bank
                                                        Citibank
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE                               DBS Bank
DIRECTORS                                               Deutsche Bank
                                                        Industrial Bank
LAU Siu Ki
                                                        ING Bank
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN)
                                                        Mizuho Corporate Bank
CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis)
                                                        Santander Bank
                                                        Standard Chartered Bank
COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                        Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
WONG Kin Yan, Vanessa
                                                        Taipei Fubon Bank
                                                        The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
REGISTERED OFFICE                                         Corporation Limited
P. O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
Hibiscus Way                                            PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
802 West Bay Road                                       TRANSFER OFFICE
Grand Cayman, KY1-1205
                                                        Suntera (Cayman) Limited
Cayman Islands
                                                        Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3, Building D
                                                        P. O. Box 1586
HEAD OFFICE                                             Gardenia Court, Camana Bay
No. 4 Minsheng Street                                   Grand Cayman, KY1-1100
Tucheng District                                        Cayman Islands
New Taipei City 23679
Taiwan                                                  HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
                                                        REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                             Computershare Hong Kong Investor
IN HONG KONG                                              Services Limited
8th Floor, Peninsula Tower                              Shops 1712–1716,
538 Castle Peak Road                                    17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
Cheung Sha Wan                                          183 Queen’s Road East
Kowloon                                                 Wanchai
Hong Kong                                               Hong Kong

AUDITOR                                                 STOCK CODE
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu                                2038
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
                                                        WEBSITE
LEGAL ADVISORS                                          https://www.fihmobile.com
Dentons Hong Kong LLP
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Hong Kong
Mayer Brown, Hong Kong


2      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

I am writing to address the challenges and performance of the Group in the fiscal year 2023. 2023 continued to be
a very tough period and it is with regret that we report a downturn in our financial results, primarily attributed to
various unfavourable factors including slow economic recovery and depressing demand due to persistently high
interest rates, geopolitical tensions and accelerating shifts in the industry, coupled with sustained margin erosion
pressure due to intensifying competition and existing challenges of industry consolidation trends in the EMS
(Electronics Manufacturing Services) business. The most significant contributors to our underwhelming performance
were a notable decrease in gross margin resulting from a drop in sales and the necessity to make a substantial
expected credit loss allowance in the profit and loss account. Asset utilisation continued to be a major concern and
during the year, the Group has continued the asset-light strategy to recalibrate global facilities and realign
resources into productive assets and carried out restructuring activities so as to save costs in the long run. All these
factors adversely affected the gradual recovery of the Group and undeniably impacted our overall financial
performance. Revenue for the year 2023 was US$6,446 million, which represents a decrease of US$2,948 million
or 31.4%, when compared with 2022 revenue of US$9,394 million. Loss for the year 2023 attributable to owners
of the Company was US$120.7 million, compared to the loss for 2022 of US$72.1 million. Basic loss per share for
the year 2023 was US1.52 cents.

In light of these challenges, it is imperative that we adapt and innovate to ensure the long-term sustainability and
growth of the Group. To this end, we will remain diligent and disciplined in exercising financial prudence and
managing our costs efficiently. Due to the fierce competition, lack of innovation caused slow replacement cycle,
and the mobile phone business has turned into a real low margin business yet with high risk of facing
underutilisation problem for large EMS. We believe that our expertise in communication technology can be
successfully applied to other industries beyond the traditional handset market. Leveraging core technological
competencies in the ICT (Information and Communication Technology) industry and integrated capabilities in both
hardware and software, the Group has strived and worked diligently to expand capacity and enhance competence
in diversified markets, with a particular focus on automotive electronics. This diversification will allow us to tap into
new markets and create a more resilient and balanced revenue stream which shield us from the reliance on the
highly volatile handset market. The Group will continue to harness its R&D (Research and Development) investments
and resources and competence and capacity to innovate and transform. Aligning cohesively with the Group’s
“2+2” (industry and technology) strategy, the Group has expanded into emerging fields such as automotive
electronics, robotics, artificial intelligence, and next-generation communication technologies in recent years and has
made tangible achievements. Finally, the Group has dedicated ample resources to business development initiatives
in different markets.

The Group understands the importance of maintaining financial stability while pursuing growth opportunities. The
Group’s financial resources including cash reserves, cash flow and liquidity positions have supported the Group’s
operations across the range of challenges and headwinds and the Group to operate in an environment riddled with
external shocks on a global scale. To maintain the Group’s financial resources and bolster the Group’s ability to
effectively respond to the significant changes in market demand, consumer-buying behaviour, stagnant inflation
and rapidly changing global and handset and EMS industry dynamics, the Group will continue to traverse adverse
conditions and focus on measures to enhance our overall competitiveness, focus on profitability, streamline
operations, optimise resource allocation, improve efficiency and yields and control overall costs and operating
expenses to seek to ease pressure on margin erosion, while simultaneously working closely with the Group’s
partners to fill their demand in a timely manner at a reasonable cost amidst fierce market competition. Looking
forward to the fiscal year 2024, I expect the operating environment to remain challenging in the year ahead and
the future remains uncertain.
                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3       3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


As we navigate these changes, I want to assure our shareholders that we remain dedicated to maximising
shareholder value. While the challenges of 2023 were substantial, they have also presented us with an opportunity
to evolve and position the Group for long-term success. I would like to express my appreciation on behalf of the
Board to our investors, customers, business partners and government officials for the continuous support and trust
over the years. I also extend my gratitude to all the management and staff of the Group for their loyalty and
contribution they have bestowed and their commitment to the Group’s strategies to transform into new sectors to
maintain our long-term sustainability and competitiveness. In conclusion, I appreciate the continued support of our
shareholders, and I am confident that with our strategic initiatives, we will continue to execute well and make
continuous improvements and the Group will emerge stronger, more diversified, and well-positioned for improving
financial performance.

With best regards,




CHIH Yu Yang
Acting Chairman

7 March 2024




4      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
as of 7 March 2024


DIRECTORS
CHIH Yu Yang (Mr.), Chinese (Taiwan) and aged 65, was appointed as the Acting Chairman of the Company effective
1 January 2017. He joined the Company as an executive director in August 2009. He is also the chief executive officer
and the chairman of the corporate governance committee respectively of the Company. Mr. Chih is the executive
director and chief executive officer of Mobile Drive Netherlands B.V. (a joint venture incorporated in the Netherlands
indirectly 50%-owned by the Company) (“Mobile Drive Netherlands”). He is the chairman and non-executive director of
Bharat FIH Limited (formerly known as Rising Stars Mobile India Private Limited and then Bharat FIH Private Limited)
(“BFIH”) and the chairman of FIH Co., Ltd., both being subsidiaries of the Company. He is also a director (previously, the
chairman during the period from August 2018 to February 2024) of Chiun Mai Communication Systems, Inc. (“CMCS”)
and Transluck Holding Limited (formerly known as Transworld Holdings Limited), both being subsidiaries of the
Company. He was a director of Evenwell Digitech Inc. (a subsidiary of the Company) from September 2009 to February
2024. He was a director of iCare Diagnostics International Co. Ltd. (a start-up company incorporated in Taiwan) from
September 2020 to August 2023. Mr. Chih joined the Group in 2005 when the Group acquired CMCS. Prior to that,
Mr. Chih was the founder of CMCS since its establishment in 2001. Moreover, he is a director of a subsidiary and an
associate of 鴻海精密工業股份有限公司 (Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. Ltd. (“Hon Hai”), for identification purposes
only). He has more than 44 years of extensive experience in the communication industries and also possesses experience
in risk management. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Chih was the vice president and general manager of Communication B.U.
in Acer Communications and Multimedia, Inc. (now known as BenQ) where he was responsible for BenQ’s cellular phone
business. Prior to that, he held various engineering and managerial positions in companies including ITT Corporation,
GTE Corporation and Rockwell Semiconductor Systems. Mr. Chih obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical
Engineering from National Tsing Hua University in Taiwan in 1980.

Dr. KUO Wen-Yi (Mr.), Chinese American and aged 58, was appointed as an executive director of the Company on 29
June 2018. He is also a member of the corporate governance committee of the Company. Dr. Kuo joined the Group in
December 2014 and is currently the vice president of the Group. Dr. Kuo has been appointed as the director of Nextpert
Inc. (a subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Taiwan) with effect from 22 November 2023. He is also a director of
ICI Cayman Limited, a supervisor of 深圳市富宏訊科技有限公司 (Shenzhen Fu Hong Xun Technology Co., Ltd., for
identification purposes only) and a supervisor of 益富可視精密工業(深圳)有限公司 (InFocus Precision Industry
(Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., for identification purposes only) respectively, all being subsidiaries of the Company. Dr. Kuo has
more than 29 years of extensive experiences in wireless communication product research and development, international
business development, start-up business, corporate management and risk management. Before joining the Company in
December 2014, Dr. Kuo was the founder and the chief executive officer of BandRich Inc. (“BandRich”) from March
2006 to December 2014. The core businesses of BandRich were product development and sales of 3.5G (also known as
High Speed Downlink Packet Access (HSDPA)) and 4G LTE (the Fourth Generation of Mobile Phone Mobile
Communication Technology Standards Long-Term Evolution) wireless routers and communication modules for home,
vehicle and outdoor applications. BandRich partnered with the world’s dominant wireless infrastructure suppliers Ericsson
and Alcatel-Lucent and sold products to worldwide operators. From April 2003 to February 2006, Dr. Kuo was the senior
director (department head) of Compal Electronics Inc. (a listed company in Taiwan) and was in charge of the business in
3G (the Third Generation of Wireless Mobile Telecommunications Technology) mobile phone. From May 2000 to July
2002, Dr. Kuo was the co-founder and the chief technology officer of Wiscom Technologies (“Wiscom”) in New Jersey,
the United States of America (“U.S.” or the “United States”). Wiscom was focusing on development of 3G mobile
phone baseband chip. Wiscom’s intellectual property rights were later acquired by Intel Corporation. From April 1999 to
May 2000, Dr. Kuo was the principal technical staff member of AT&T Labs, engaged in 3G WCDMA (Wideband Code
Division Multiple Access) system researches. From January 1995 to April 1999, Dr. Kuo worked in Bell Laboratories of
Lucent Technologies on CDMA (Code Division Multiple Access) and WCDMA research and development on network
infrastructures. Dr. Kuo is the inventor of 38 U.S. wireless communications patents. He received the IEEE (Institute of
Electrical and Electronics Engineers) Leonard G. Abraham Prize in 2001. He was an adjunct professor at New Jersey
Institute of Technology in 1998. Dr. Kuo received a Bachelor Degree of Science in Communications Engineering from
National Chiao Tung University, Taiwan in 1987, a Master Degree of Science in Electrical Engineering from National
Taiwan University in 1989, and a Doctoral Degree of Philosophy in Electrical Engineering from Purdue University, U.S. in
1994.


                                                                                    A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3       5
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT

LIN Chia-Yi (also known as Charles LIN) (Mr.), Chinese (Taiwan) and aged 53, was appointed as an executive director
of the Company on 10 March 2023. Mr. Lin has over 27 years of experience in communication and computer industries.
He is the vice president of the Group, who is mainly responsible for the profit and loss of IDM1 (Innovation, Design,
Manufacture) business unit, implementing management by objectives and maintaining customer satisfaction, improving
gross profit margin and operating margin and developing core technologies as the primary objectives. Mr. Lin is the
chairman (previously, a director during the period from August 2018 to February 2024) of CMCS and a director of
Execustar International Limited, both being subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Lin is expertized in the field of premium
Smartphone (SP) and interrelated mobile devices and leads the business development, research and development (R&D)
engineering, new product introduction (NPI) and manufacturing teams, to provide solid NPI services as well as
manufacturing and delivery services to customers. Through performing his roles and functions within the Group, Mr. Lin
has accumulated years of experience and competitive advantages in SP design, antenna, mechanical engineering,
software development and testing tool development, and is dedicated to realize successful products to customers. In
addition, Mr. Lin is currently leading the team in building artificial intelligent core technology based on current core
technologies, and has been actively participating in the Group “3+3” (three key industries “electric vehicles, digital
health, and robotics industries” and three key technologies “artificial intelligence, semiconductors and next-generation
communication technologies”) strategy’s new business development in robotics segment as an upfront investment for its
long-term development. He joined the Group in 2005 and was in charge of the original design manufacturing (ODM)
business operation when the Group acquired CMCS. Mr. Lin has led the team to transform feature phone ODM business
to SP ODM business successfully in 2012. Furthermore, he has performed multi-functional roles across business
operation, R&D engineering, NPI engineering, and manufacturing and built highly trusted partnerships with customers in
launching a series of premium SP products since 2017. Before joining the Company, Mr. Lin was the product manager of
BenQ (formerly known as Acer Communications and Multimedia, Inc. (“Acer”)) and Quanta Computer Inc. from 1996
to 2001. He also worked with Acer as a strategic sourcing officer in which he had been delegated to Netherlands for 2
years and leading of the procurement management team. Mr. Lin joined CMCS in 2001, mainly responsible for product
management. Mr. Lin obtained a master’s degree in business (MBA) from National Taiwan University in 1994 and a
bachelor’s degree in marine environmental engineering from National Sun Yat-sen University in 1992.

CHANG Chuan-Wang (Mr.), Chinese (Taiwan) and aged 54, was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company
on 29 June 2023. Mr. Chang has about 31 years’ experience in the information and communication technology industry.
In May 2009, Mr. Chang joined Hon Hai and the Hon Hai Technology Group (comprising Hon Hai, its subsidiaries and
associates), focusing on group business strategy, operation control and performance analysis management. Mr. Chang is
currently an assistant vice president of the Strategic Controlling Division in Hon Hai. He currently also serves as the
executive director of ENNOCONN Corporation (principally operating the business of industrial computer design,
manufacture, processing and sale, whose shares are listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation) on behalf of Hon
Hai. Since April 2023, he is also the chairman of the board of directors, a non-executive director and a member of the
remuneration committee of CircuTech International Holdings Limited (whose ultimate controlling shareholder is Hon Hai
and whose shares are listed on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), principally
operating the business of IT product sale and distribution). For the period from 2002 to 2008, Mr. Chang was the
chairman’s special assistant at Jabil Green Point (whose shares were listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation
and were delisted in April 2007). For the period from 1995 to 2001, he served as the head of the global operations
management in Universal Scientific Industrial Co., Ltd. (whose shares were listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange
Corporation and were delisted in June 2010). Mr. Chang obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Automatic Control Engineering
from Feng Chia University in 1992 and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the Graduate Institute of
Management at Feng Chia University in 2007. In 2007, he was awarded the honorary membership of Phi Tau Phi
Scholastic Honor Society for his outstanding academic achievements.



6      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT

LAU Siu Ki (Mr.), Chinese (Hong Kong) and aged 65, joined the Company as an independent non-executive
director in December 2004. He is the chairman of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination
committee respectively of the Company. He has over 40 years of experience in corporate governance, corporate
finance, financial advisory and management, accounting, auditing and risk management. Mr. Lau is currently a
financial advisory consultant running his own management consultancy firm, Hin Yan Consultants Limited.
Previously, Mr. Lau worked at Ernst & Young for over 15 years. He graduated from Hong Kong Polytechnic in 1981.
Mr. Lau is a fellow member of both the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (“ACCA”) and Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Lau was a member of the World Council of ACCA from 2002 to 2011
and was the chairman of ACCA Hong Kong in 2000/2001. During these years, he has helped raising the profile of
ACCA. He serves as an independent non-executive director of Binhai Investment Company Limited, Embry Holdings
Limited, Samson Holding Ltd., TCL Electronics Holdings Limited and IVD Medical Holding Limited, all of which
shares are listed on the Stock Exchange. Mr. Lau also serves as company secretary of Yeebo (International Holdings)
Limited, Hung Fook Tong Group Holdings Limited and Expert Systems Holdings Limited (all of which shares are
listed on the Stock Exchange). In addition, he was an independent non-executive director of Comba Telecom
Systems Holdings Limited (whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange) from 20 June 2003 to 29 December
2023. On 31 October 2019, the Securities and Futures Commission (the “SFC”) announced that it had started
Market Misconduct Tribunal (“MMT”) proceedings against China Medical & Healthcare Group Limited (“CMHGL”)
and six individuals who were CMHGL directors at the relevant time, including Mr. Lau, for failing to disclose inside
information as soon as reasonably practicable. On 12 May 2021, the SFC announced the conclusion of those
proceedings and the MMT’s findings, including those against Mr. Lau. The Company carefully assessed the MMT’s
findings, and concluded that it remained in the Company’s best interests to retain Mr. Lau as an independent non-
executive director and as chairman of its audit, remuneration and nomination and independent board committees.
Please see the Company’s announcements of 12 and 20 May 2021 and page 119 of the Company’s 2021 interim
report (as issued and published on 15 September 2021) for further details of the Company’s assessment.

CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN) (Ms.), Chinese (Taiwan) and aged 55, was appointed as an
independent non-executive director of the Company on 19 May 2023. She is also a member of each of the audit
committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee of the Company. She has over 35 years of
experience in the financial sector, professional knowledge in operational judgement, accounting and financial
analysis, operation and management, and also accumulated rich experience in risk management. Ms. Chen has
been a board member and speaker of the ACAMS Taiwan Chapter (focusing on providing education and training
on AML (Anti-Money Laundering)/CFT (Combating Financing of Terrorism) in Taiwan) since 2018. Since November
2019, she has also been the chairlady of the Female Leadership Committee of the Taiwan Listed Companies
Association which is one of Taiwan’s most important economic and trade associations aiming to combine
outstanding entrepreneurs and professionals to build a platform for mutual exchange and brainstorming and share
learning to expand participants’ broader and far-reaching horizons and more substantial competitiveness. The total
market value of all association members accounts for 20% of the total market value of the Taiwan stock market.
Ms. Chen has been appointed as a non-executive director of EasyCard Corporation (a company providing
contactless smartcard payment system (EasyCard) service in Taiwan, whose shares are listed on the Emerging Stock
Market of Taipei Exchange) with effect from 27 June 2023. She has also been appointed as the chairlady of
EasyCard Investment Holding Co., Ltd. (parent company to EasyCard Corporation) with effect from 30 June 2023.
Ms. Chen serves as an independent director of IBF Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. (which is a financial holding
company engaged mainly in bills finance, securities, and venture capital services, whose shares are listed on the
Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation) and Shieh Yih Machinery Industry Co., Ltd. (which is the world’s top five servo
punch manufacturer and the world’s top 20 machine tools equipment leader with a global presence, whose shares



                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     7
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT

are listed on Taipei Exchange) with effect from 12 June 2020 and 27 May 2022 respectively. She is also an
independent director of International Bills Finance Corporation (a wholly-owned subsidiary of IBF Financial Holdings
Co., Ltd., which mainly provides bill finance services in Taiwan) with effect from 28 August 2020. Ms. Chen was a
board director of Aegis Custody Co., Ltd. (a company providing one-stop blockchain based custodial solutions)
during the period from November 2020 to December 2021. Prior to the foregoing, Ms. Chen held certain
leadership and senior managerial positions in the banking and financial industry, including a country executive and
managing director (Taiwan) in The Bank of New York Mellon Taipei Branch from August 2007 to October 2019,
and a chief representative and country manager for Commerzbank AG Taipei Representative Office from November
2002 to August 2007. Ms. Chen received an Executive Master of Business Administration degree with an emphasis
in International Finance Management and an International Executive Master of Business Administration degree in
International Finance and Investment from National Taipei University in 2000 and 2006 respectively.

CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis) (Mr.), Chinese (Taiwan) and aged 59, was appointed
as an independent non-executive director of the Company on 29 June 2023. He is also a member of each of the
audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee of the Company. Mr. Chiu has over 31
years’ experience in leading foreign banks, large corporate, consulting firm and academy. In recent years, Mr. Chiu
proactively engaged in sustainable finance, offshore wind and solar power project finance and advisory business.
He has been an advisor and a lecturer of Taiwan Academy of Banking and Finance, focusing on international
advanced banking training program and sustainable finance, project finance, international loan syndication and
acquisition finance in Taiwan since April 2022 and he will continue to focus on the development of sustainability
strategy and management. Mr. Chiu worked at BNP Paribas Taipei Branch during the period from 1997 to 2009
and from 2016 to February 2022, where he held various senior managerial positions such as the interim head of
Taiwan branches, managing director and head of Corporate Banking, head of Loan Syndication, Trust and
Custodian and also Correspondent Banking. He was also a director of Structured Finance Loan Syndication (Greater
China) in BNP Paribas Hong Kong Branch during the period from 2009 to 2011. He was a consultant of E-United
Group (a Taiwan company in the steel industry) and was a lecturer at the Banking and Finance Department of the
China University of Technology in 2016. Prior to the foregoing, Mr. Chiu held certain leadership and senior
managerial positions in the banking and financial industry, including an executive director and head of Global
Corporate Banking in J. P. Morgan Taipei Branch during the period from 2012 to 2015, and a director of Fixed
Income in Credit Suisse Taipei Branch during the period from 2011 to 2012. In his senior management positions,
Mr. Chiu has acted as chairperson or a member of the Business Continuity Planning (BCP) Committee and Internal
Control Committee (ICC). He was also a credit approver and a member of Credit Committee at BNP Paribas and
has accumulated rich knowledge and experience in risk management. Mr. Chiu received a Bachelor of Science,
Industrial Engineering degree from Chung-Yuan Christian University in 1987 and a Master of Business
Administration degree from The University of Connecticut in 1994.




8      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
HSIUNG Nai-Pin, Paul (Mr.), Chinese (Taiwan with U.S. nationality) and aged 59, joined the Company as director
of business development in January 2003. He is responsible for operations in America region including production,
logistics and after-market service since 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Hsiung held various functions and positions in
mobile phone industry with the Company. From 2003 to 2008, he was responsible for business development and
project management in Florida, U.S. From 2009 to 2012, he was responsible for mobile phone design and
development in Florida, U.S., and also product manufacturing at Langfang, China. Before joining the Company,
Mr. Hsiung was a director at Test Research, Inc. (a Taiwan listed company) for 8 years and responsible for
international sales and marketing. Mr. Hsiung was a director of iCare Diagnostics, Inc. and DirectMDx, Inc. (both of
which are incorporated in Delaware, U.S.) between 28 December 2020 to 20 January 2021 respectively. Mr. Hsiung
is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company, namely Excel Loyal International Limited, FIH Mexico
Industry SA de CV, Prospect Right Limited, S&B Industry, Inc. and Sutech Holdings Limited respectively. He was a
director of SP International, Inc. (a subsidiary of the Company which was closed) during the period from January
2016 to October 2022. He was a director of FIH (Tian Jin) Precision Industry Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of the Company
incorporated in China) from June 2011 to November 2021. He obtained a Bachelor degree of Applied Physics from
Tamkang University, Taiwan and a Master degree of Computer Science from New York Institute of Technology, U.S.

TAM Kam Wah, Danny (Mr.), Chinese (Hong Kong with British nationality) and aged 60, joined the Company as
senior manager of financial control in October 2004. Mr. Tam is the chief financial officer of the Company. He is
responsible for accounting and internal and external financial reporting, financial planning, taxation, investment
management, internal control, investor relations, corporate governance, risk management and performance review
of the Group. He is a non-executive director of Mobile Drive Netherlands and a non-executive director of BFIH. Mr.
Tam has over 36 years of experience in accounting and finance in Hong Kong listed companies and multinational
companies. Prior to joining the Company, he worked as a financial controller for ITT Industries and Hutchison
Harbour Ring Ltd. (now known as China Oceanwide Holdings Limited) and he also worked as an accounting
manager for Coates Brothers (HK) Co., Ltd. Mr. Tam is a fellow of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong and an
associate of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is also a certified tax adviser. Mr. Tam received
a BBA from Chinese University of Hong Kong in 1988, a Master of Applied Finance from Macquarie University,
Australia in 1994, a Master of Business Administration degree from University of Ottawa, Canada in 1996, and a
Master of Arts degree in Information System and a Master of Arts degree in Electronic Business from City University
of Hong Kong in 1999 and 2002 respectively. Mr. Tam also received a Master of Accounting from Jinan University,
the People’s Republic of China in 2005.

CHEN Hui Chung, John (Mr.), Chinese (Taiwan) and aged 62, joined the Company as senior director of finance
division in August 2013. He is responsible for treasury, financial investment and financial risk management of the
Group. Mr. Chen has over 34 years of experience in finance areas in Taiwan listed companies. Before joining the
Company, he was the chief financial officer of Taiwan Synthetic Rubber Corp and Wan Hai Lines Ltd. respectively.
Mr. Chen is a non-executive director of BFIH and a director of FIH Co., Ltd., both being subsidiaries of the
Company. He received a Bachelor of Transportation and Communication from National Cheng Kung University,
Taiwan in 1983 and a MBA from University of California Irvine, U.S. in 1987.




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      9
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) hereby announces the Company’s 2023 annual report
incorporating this report of the directors, particularly the audited consolidated results of the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2023 (the “current period”, “current year”, the “year”, “reporting year” or “reporting
period”).

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in
the consolidated financial statements on pages 192 and 193. The Group is principally engaged as a vertically
integrated manufacturing services provider for the handset industry worldwide. It provides a wide range of
manufacturing services to its customers in connection with production of handsets. For more details, please refer to
the section headed “Business Review — Discussion and Analysis — Introduction” below of this report of the
directors.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the current period are set out in the consolidated financial statements on page 128.

BUSINESS REVIEW
Important
The consolidated final results of the Group for the current year as set out in this report of the directors
have been reviewed and audited in accordance with the relevant accounting standards. The Group’s
results of operations in the past have fluctuated and may in the future continue to fluctuate (possibly
significantly) from one period to another period. Accordingly, the Group’s results of operations for any
period should not be considered to be indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. In
particular, as there is the Chinese New Year holiday (especially a long break in the People’s Republic of
China (“China” or the “PRC”) and Vietnam and Taiwan) in the first quarter of each year which is
generally a low season post-Chinese New Year for the industry in which the Group operates, the
Group’s performance in the first quarter is usually worse and not comprehensive and representative,
compared with that in the other following quarters.

The Company refers to its profit warning announcement of 2 November 2023 and its announcement
relating to additional inside information about expected 2023 annual performance dated 27 February
2024 respectively, which provided (among other things) certain updates on its expected 2023 annual
performance and included information about the various factors that contributed to the Group’s
consolidated net loss for the current period and that have persisted and were expected to continue into
at least the first half of 2024. In this respect, please also refer to “Outlook and Industry Dynamics”
below.

This report of the directors contains forward-looking statements regarding the Company’s expectations
and outlook on the Group’s order book, business operations, performance, opportunities, risks, threats
and prospects. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and do not
constitute guarantees of the future performance and order book of the Group and are subject to factors
that could cause the Group’s actual results and order book to differ (possibly materially/significantly)
from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties and factors may
include, but may not be limited to, changes in general industry and macro-economic environment (such
as intensifying geo-political tensions and political conditions and deglobalisation and de-sinicisation)
and the economic performance of the industries and sectors and customers we serve, the potential

10     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


effect of events beyond our control (such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, conflicts in the
Middle East, escalating tensions between China and the United States, changes in energy prices,
terrorism, global health epidemics and weather events), the effect of inflationary pressures on our costs
of production and margin performance and on the economic outlook of our markets, changes in money
markets (such as interest rate hikes and credit crunch and inflationary rate and volatility in foreign
exchange rates), the potential effect of fluctuations in the value of the currencies in which we transact
business, changes in capital markets, market saturation, weak demand and slow recovery and vigorous
competition and handset commoditisation, shifts in customers’ demand and preferences and sluggish
demand and prolonged replacement cycle and shortened demand visibility and managing fluctuations in
customer demand and other customer-related challenges that may occur, the effect of changes in the
pricing and margins of products, the risk of customer delays and changes and cancellations or forecast
inaccuracies in both ongoing and new programs, the lack of visibility of future orders, particularly in
view of changing economic conditions, low asset utilisation, “China Plus One” strategy, and de-risk and
decoupling from China and geo-economic fragmentation, friend shoring, near shoring, customer
outsourcing strategy and customer concentration risk, growing margin erosion pressure, competitive
challenges affecting our customers, our ability to secure new customers and maintain our current
customer base and deliver product on a timely basis, seasonality of sales, and higher revenue volatility,
changes in sales and product mix, the risks associated with excess and obsolete inventory which includes
the risk that inventory purchased on behalf of our customers may not be consumed or otherwise paid
for by the customer, the risks associated with excess open purchase order and obsolete inventory
(including the risk that inventory purchased on behalf of our customers may not be consumed or
otherwise paid for by the customer, resulting in an inventory write-off), the risks of concentration of
work for certain customers, the particular risks related to new or recent customers or programs or
services (which risks include customer and other delays, start-up costs, potential inability to execute, the
establishment of appropriate terms of agreements), changes in commodity/component price, the ability
to realise anticipated savings from restructuring or similar actions, the risk that new program wins and/
or customer demand may not result in the expected revenue or profitability, our growth and
diversification strategies and plans (and potential hindrances thereto), our credit and collection and
default risk, risks associated with international sales and operations, pace of technology advancement,
and changes in market/legal/regulatory/compliance/government/tax policy (e.g. government’s
blacklisting and export controls), risks related to information technology systems and data security, the
potential adverse impacts of events outside of our control. Although the Group believes these
statements are based on and derived from reasonable assumptions, they involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions that are beyond the Group’s ability to influence, control or predict, relating to operations,
markets and the business and macro environment generally. Should one or more of these risks or
uncertainties materialise, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes, including
the future results of our business and operations, may vary materially/significantly from those indicated.
In addition, new and unpredictable risks, challenges and threats emerge from time to time and it is not
possible for the management to predict all such factors or to assess the impacts of such factors on the
Group’s business. For more details, please see “Outlook and Industry Dynamics” below. The Company
undertakes no obligation to update or revise any such forward-looking statements to reflect any
subsequent events or circumstances, except as otherwise required by applicable requirements laid down
by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) and the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”).

Accordingly, the shareholders of the Company and potential investors are advised to exercise caution
when dealing in the shares of the Company.
                                                                          A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   11
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Discussion and Analysis
Introduction
Since its activation in 2003 and the listing of its shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in 2005, the
Company has been a subsidiary of Hon Hai (and together with its subsidiaries and associates (as defined in the
Listing Rules, the “Hon Hai Technology Group”; Hon Hai is a company incorporated in Taiwan whose shares are
listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation), and a leader in the handset industry worldwide providing
leading-edge manufacturing technology and vertically integrated manufacturing services and product development
services to its customers with improved product and service quality, cost effectiveness, increased flexibility, faster
volume to market and time to market, and overall value. The Group changed its head office from Langfang, China,
to Taipei with effect from 26 March 2021, and the Group has continued to focus on and expand its operation
outside Mainland China.

The Company is customer-centric and offers solutions that span from initial design and product development
through ramp-up and volume manufacturing and this business model offers a comprehensive range of leading
edge end-to-end manufacturing and engineering services to its customers tailored to meet specific market and
customer product lifecycle requirements in respect of handsets and other wireless communication devices and
consumer electronic products and this full range and wide array of capabilities provide our customers with expertise
across the entire value chain. The products and services include unique and innovative product development and
design, casings (including casings sold to customers and casings used to manufacture complete handsets for
delivery to customers), components, PCBA (Printed Circuit Board Assembly), full-system assembly, supply chain
services and solutions, and after-market services of return management and services and product repair/refurbish
solutions in mobile device and smart consumer electronics devices. In addition to handsets, the Group is engaged
in the manufacturing of other wireless communication devices and consumer electronic products and accessories
and related areas, such as eReaders, tablets, and voice interaction products like smart speakers. Within design and
development, the Group provides customers with a broad spectrum of OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturing)
and ODM (Original Design Manufacturing) capabilities and our strength lies in delivering product and software
development and manufacturing solutions of high complexity that require strong engineering and technical and
design proficiency. The Group’s ODM offering includes the development of hardware and software platforms and
design solutions in collaboration with customers, as well as management of the program’s design and development
and aspects of the supply chain and manufacturing and cost optimisation. We have a well-established quality
management system that focuses on continual process improvement which enables us to consistently deliver high-
quality products and services to meet the requirements of customers. Our customers leverage our services to meet
their requirements throughout the entire lifecycle of their products and to reduce manufacturing costs, improve
supply chain management and efficiency to become more dependable reduce inventory obsolescence, and shorten
time to volume and time to market utilizing our large-scale manufacturing infrastructure in various locations and
our ability to serve a broad range of end markets. Resourceful supply chain management practices, including
diversifying component sources and fostering greater resilience, emerged as a key focus. The Group operates a
network of sites and centers of excellence strategically located worldwide in China, India, Vietnam, Taiwan, Mexico
and America which can fulfill customers’ requirements in different countries and reduce landed costs of products.
Technology innovation is at the center of our ability to deliver these end-to- end capabilities. Despite the regional
shift in the manufacturing sites; the great China region remains one of the Group’s Research and Development
(R&D) centers and the integration of these product realisation services along with our global presence increases our
ability to continue providing the accelerated time-to-market production and time-to-market solutions to fulfill our
clients’ demands of high-quality products. These all-round capabilities enable the Group to build strong and long-
lasting strategic relationships with our customers and to become an integral part of their business.



12     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The handset manufacturing industry is highly dynamic and competitive and growingly saturated. Since late 2017,
the Group has faced challenging market conditions and high margin erosion pressure and contraction of demand,
and those conditions have continued into 2023. During periods of recession in the electronics industry and lacking
short-term ways to stimulate demand and sales growth, the customers become more price sensitive and remain
focused on preserving their bottom lines by holding down costs. A low operating margin is viewed as an
impediment to growth, considering the impact it can create on expansion plans and currently this is viewed as a
significant restraining factor for the market. Even though, component prices are declining due to the weak demand
but the key focus still lies on utilisation and unabsorbed overhead costs. The Group was not insulated from the
economic swings of recent years because of its global nature of operations with more offshore facilities. The mobile
phone market is elastic as it’s not a necessity and there are already a lot of phones out there, so if prices were to go
up fewer people would buy new phones and fewer people would upgrade their existing phones. Aggressive pricing
is a common business dynamic as entry barrier is low, and peers in China and India are very cost competitive and
margin erosion pressure on both the Group’s casing and system assembly business is extremely high and continues
to increase, especially when market demand is weak and there is excessive inventory and surplus capacity and the
market sector is mired in overcapacity. The availability of excess manufacturing capacity at many of our competitors
creates intense pricing and competitive pressure on the EMS industry as a whole. Idle cost of the Group has been
increasing as capacity utilisation (including factory buildings) is deteriorating despite the Group has been
aggressively disposing of idle assets. To ensure that the Group has been prepared for an uncertain demand
environment, over the past several years, it has aggressively restructured its business operations and carried out
downsizing and consolidation activities and eliminated the used, obsolete, redundant, surplus and loss-making/
under-performing assets to become an asset-light corporate group and a lean and flat organisation and reduced
headcounts and strengthened business development capability and cut costs and expenses with the intention of
improving utilisation and realising cost savings in the long term and further cutting its fixed overheads and burdens
and preserving cash, and such downsizing and trimming activities have continued into 2023. The consolidation
activities included consolidation of the buildings and production facilities within the manufacturing sites, largely to
align our capacity and infrastructure with current and anticipated customer demand. Through the extra effort
made, the Group successfully sold land and buildings in Hangzhou, the sale was completed during the current
period, which recorded a before-tax gain on disposal of United States dollars (“US$” or “USD”) 6.2 million in
December 2022 and US$78.5 million in April 2023. Furthermore, the Group has made provision for compensations
to the lessees and the service providers of US$12.8 million in April 2023. In addition, the Group successfully sold
land, buildings and structures in Hungary, which recorded a before-tax gain of around US$8.7 million in July 2023,
as announced by the Company on 7 July 2023, and the Group successfully sold certain buildings, structures and
facilities in Beijing, which recorded a before-tax gain of approximately US$14.3 million in September 2023, as
announced by the Company on 7 June 2023. In accordance with IAS (International Accounting Standard) 16 and
IAS 40, we should de-recognise the assets when we lose control over them. Therefore, these gain on disposal are
recognised when the transfer of ownership takes place. We do not expect similar disposal gains of huge amount in
coming years.

2023 was a fraught period of economic slowdown. Despite the gradual relief from the pandemic and the
alleviation of supply chain bottlenecks, the global economy continues to be impacted by various ongoing factors
such as stubborn inflation, high interest rates, restrictive financial conditions, feeble global trade and investment,
and geo-political realignments. According to IMF latest report published in October 2023, world economic growth
will slow from 3.5% in 2022 to 3% in 2023, which remains well below the historical average. By sector, the global
electronics sector’s growth remained wane. The S&P Global PMI data released in January 2024 suggests that the
headline PMI, covering manufacturing and services across over 40 economies, rose to 51.0 in December 2023, yet



                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     13
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


remain well below the survey’s long-run average of 53.2. A closer look reveals that manufacturing continued to be
a key drag on the global economy, with factory output dropping marginally in December for a seventh successive
month. The fall underscores a pronounced and ongoing decline in the operational conditions within the global
electronics manufacturing landscape.

To curb inflation resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine conflict, major economies such as
the U.S. and Europe have raised interest rates sharply since the start of 2022. For instance, the tight monetary
stance adopted by the Federal Reserve System (“FED”) led to steady hikes in the benchmark interest rate. Since
2022, the FED has raised rates 11 times thus far to a range of 5.25% to 5.5%, a 22-year high. Affected by these
aggressive interest rate hikes, inflation eased over the past year but still remained at a high level compared to the
FED’s target rate of 2%, indicating the presence of ongoing inflation pressures. Although the interest rate hikes
could curb the rampant inflation, they also affected people’s purchasing power, dampening consumer appetites
and pushing them to curb or postpone discretionary spending, such as on mobile phones. On top of this, they also
made it difficult for businesses to clear inventory and increase investment. As customers become more cautious
about placing orders, demand visibility is significantly shortened, making it challenging for the Group to predict
order books, arrange material sourcing, plan for personnel and demand, and schedule production efficiently. Asset
utilisation remains a challenge amid these uncertainties.

In this high inflationary environment, it is crucial for the Company to prioritise effective cost management and
continuously seek avenues for optimising operational efficiency. By identifying opportunities for process
improvements and embracing innovative strategies, the Company can, to some extent, mitigate the impact of rising
costs and adapt to the evolving market dynamics and enhance the cost competitiveness amidst the challenges
posed by inflation. On the other hand, the mix of products ordered by and shipped to major customers will affect
the Group’s gross margins as high volume and low complexity manufacturing services typically have lower gross
margins than more complex and lower volume services. Cost reductions without compromising on quality,
especially cost containment in parts of our supply chains, is a tough work. During the downturn, delivering top-
notch customer service is of paramount importance as this will enable us to stand tall in the future, even when
service and cost are competing priorities. Every player in the industry is striving to gain and maintain competitive
differentiation by adopting new approaches or by realising latent sources of success in existing operations. In the
quest for recovery, companies in the handset industry are competing against each other to increase their market
presence and share while continuing to face challenges like slim operating margins, low visibility, high inflation,
shortening replacement lifecycle and managing a global supply chain. Our customers are trying to overcome these
challenges through innovations and launching new products and services.

In addition, rising geopolitical tensions across the world in recent years could aggravate the already subdued global
economy. A series of international geopolitical events, such as the protracted U.S.-China trade wars, the ongoing
Russia-Ukraine war, and the Israel-Hamas war, have all cast a shadow over the global economic landscape, making
the global economic development more unpredictable. Particularly, tensions between the U.S. and China have
escalated over the past few years and caused ripple effects across the global economy. In 2023, the United States
expanded a series of export controls on key technologies/equipment and imposed a set of sanctions against China,
such as the prohibition of exporting chips, semiconductor equipment, and software to Chinese technology giants,
as well as the expansion of U.S. trade blacklists. Moreover, the White House also announced an executive order
restricting investment in high-tech industries such as quantum computing and artificial intelligence in China in
August 2023. In turn, China also took steps for retaliation, such as curbing exports of niche metals critical to chips
and other tech, banning exports of technology for making rare-earth magnets, and imposing other restrictions



14     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


related to vital industrial metals. The U.S.-China trade war and the resulting restrictions have intensified calls in the
U.S. and other countries to reduce dependence on China, leading many multinational corporations to move out of
China in recent years. As for the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war, while the overall impact of the war on the economy
was relatively smaller compared to the previous year, the future development of the conflict remains highly
uncertain. The escalation of geopolitical tensions, as Federal Reserve Governor Lisa Cook said on 8 November 2023,
could lead to lower economic activity and increased fragmentation of global trade flows and financial
intermediation, raising financing and production costs and contributing to more sustained supply chain challenges
and inflationary pressures. Moreover, an IMF blog post on 28 August 2023, also underscored the costs raised by
fragmentation, indicating that greater international trade restrictions could potentially reduce global economic
output by as much as 7% over the long term.

China, the world’s second-largest economy, plays a crucial role in global economic recovery, as developed nations
grapple with persistent high inflation, rising interest rates, and sluggish economic growth following the pandemic.
However, China’s economy and exports have faced external and internal pressures throughout the year. China
experienced a robust beginning following three years of COVID-19 restrictions but had a bumpy recovery over the
past year. Amid domestic and international headwinds, China’s official figures show that its economy grew at 5.2%
in 2023. Although it surpassed the government’s target, it still recorded one of its slowest rates in more than three
decades, indicating that the recovery is relatively slow. In addition, ratings agency Moody’s also downgraded its
outlook on China’s government credit ratings to negative from stable in December 2023, citing risks related to
structurally and persistently lower medium-term economic growth and ongoing challenges in its property sector.
Regarding China’s Manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index (“PMI”), a sensitive indicator, it recorded a value of
49 in December 2023, suggesting that China’s manufacturing activity remained in contraction territory. It’s also
worth mentioning that, in 2023, major global economies faced the issue of inflation; however, China was in the
midst of a deflationary crisis. In 2023, China’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) remained persistently below 0.5%, with
several months even showing negative growth. This reflects the current imbalance in the domestic market in China,
where demand recovery lags behind supply. To date, various statistics and indicators still highlight a weakened
momentum in China’s post-pandemic economic recovery.

Throughout the year, China’s recovery was under whelming. Its economic growth remained impeded by various
structural and non-structural headwinds, including tepid global and domestic demand, geopolitical tensions,
demographic and labour market challenges, high debt levels, and a real estate crisis, among others. Firstly, the
global economic slowdown led to a decline in global demand for Chinese goods, affecting exports. Meanwhile,
China’s sluggish domestic demand has further exacerbated the challenges to economic growth. Secondly, the “de-
risking” move by the developed world in recent years and the reworking of supply chains have reduced foreign
direct investment into China. According to data published in China’s balance of international payments (BOP),
China recorded its first-ever quarterly deficit in foreign direct investment (FDI) in the third quarter of 2023. Thirdly,
greater life expectancy, combined with lower fertility rates, is resulting in a rapidly aging society. For a country
whose economy remains reliant on affordable sources of labor to drive its manufacturing sector, China’s aging
working population presents a serious economic problem. These shifts will lead to reduced productivity, and as
China’s large surplus labor pool begins to dwindle, manufacturing wages will increase, and the sector will decrease
in profitability. Furthermore, high youth unemployment in China is also deteriorating. The unemployment rate for
youth continued to climb in the first half of this year and reached a record high of 21.3% in June, prompting the
government to suspend publishing data on the issue for five months. Fourthly, ballooning local government debt
and the housing/property market have become the ‘grey rhinos’ of China. The Chinese property market fell into
crisis in recent years. The downturn is likely to drag on, posing a major threat to China’s growth prospects over the
next three to five years.


                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      15
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Numerous ongoing economic headwinds have pushed consumers to curb or postpone discretionary spending,
leading to increased channel inventory and hindering smartphone vendors’ investments and operations in several
markets. These challenges played a pivotal role in sapping momentum for smartphone sales in 2023. Moreover,
additional unfavorable factors, such as prolonged phone replacement times, phone commoditisation, and the
growth of the refurbished smartphone market scale, have further exacerbated the challenges faced by the
smartphone market. According to preliminary data from the International Data Corporation (IDC) Worldwide
Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker, global smartphone shipments declined 3.2% year over year to 1.17 billion units in
2023, marking the lowest full-year volume in a decade. To mitigate the concentration risk of dependence on a
single customer, product, and region, the Group is committed to diversifying revenue contributions from mobile
phones and devoting additional resources to business development functions and capabilities. However, inherent
difficulties exist in penetrating existing customers and developing new ones. Facing strong headwinds, customers
are compelled to minimise risks, optimise costs, and may shift production between EMS (Electronic Manufacturing
Services) and ODM service providers for various reasons. These include changes in the competitive landscape and
consumer behaviour, the “China Plus One” strategy, deglobalisation, reshoring, near-shoring, demand for
products, market acceptance of new products and models, global economy fluctuations, regional geopolitical
tensions, reshoring plans of suppliers/customers, labor costs, pricing concessions, more favourable payment terms
and conditions, tax efficiency, risk diversification, enterprise risk management, environmental, social and
governance (“ESG”) compliance, optimisation of logistics costs and value chain, quality of engineering and product
development services, on-time delivery, and tax benefits. Customers may also adjust their outsourcing strategies
and the amount of business they outsource to integrate vertically, consolidate through their supply chain capacity,
rotate their supply chain partners, or increase specialisation through further contracting or concentrating the
location of their EMS suppliers.

The Group continues to monitor the dynamics and impacts of the global economic and financial environment,
alongside geo-political tensions. By carefully reading and responding to the market, especially movements of its
competitors, the Group can better understand the status of market inventory and liability, and how the market will
recover from the current turbulence. The Group works to manage our risk, strategies, capital structure, treasury risk
management, organisation, priorities, costs, overheads, footprint, credit risks, receivables collection, working capital
management, capital expenditures, and resources in a proactive manner. This approach helps us anticipate and
prepare for any necessary changes, make continuous improvements, and maintain a lean, agile, and cost-
competitive position. With the R&D capabilities and competencies and know-how in working with a wide range of
materials and craftsmanship and the provision of a wide spectrum of value-adding design services and
manufacturing solutions ranging from traditional metal stamping and plastic injection to system assembly solutions,
the Group is able to fulfill its customers’ changing and diverse needs in performance, cost, volume-to-market, time-
to-market and manufacturability and product design requirements and offer comprehensive and competitive one-
stop-shopping manufacturing solutions that are customised to each customer’s needs worldwide. To maintain our
market position and strengthen our competitiveness, we have taken proactive measures to drive the development
of innovative and captivating design solutions that cater to the evolving needs and preferences of our target
market. Our global design teams are focused on delivering flexible solutions and expertise which aims to help
customers reduce overall product costs, improve time-to-market, introduce competitively differentiated products,
and drive hardware innovations. By leveraging the power of innovation and collaboration within our organisation,
we strive to achieve operational excellence and gain a stronger competitive edge.

As a whole, the market for OEM and ODM services is characterised by rapidly changing technology and continuing
process development, and the Group devoted resources to these two areas to enhance our capabilities and long
term sustainability. As the technological landscape continues to change and our customers continue to pursue new,


16     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


exciting frontiers with their products, the Group must constantly evolve our business model to provide competitive
services attractive to a wide breadth of industries. Our continued effort on business diversification and development
and transformation and downsizing and remaining lean and expanding overseas operations and making continuous
improvements are critical to the long term sustainability and competitiveness of the Group and strategically
positioning the Group to take advantage of the future growth prospects of OEM/ODM industry and makes us a
stronger and trusted long term partner to our customers. The Group adopted a proactive and aggressive business
strategy, establishing a dedicated business development team to drive expansion into new markets and seize
growth opportunities. We believe our strategic focus on developing innovative design solutions, fortifying supply
chain management, diligently managing costs through effective bill-of-material oversight, and improving our value
add through streamlined production processes positions. Through these initiatives, our customer-centric approach
can promote increased efficient customer response, particularly for customer relationships that extend across
multiple production locations when more customers are now increasingly evaluating supply chain alternatives in
Asia Pacific region and establish the Group as a prominent force in the industry, unlocking our full potential for
sustainable growth. Since the EMS industry is a low margin industry, in order to meet the customers’ cost
expectations, the Group has to lean out all processes.

Key Relationships with Customers, Suppliers and Employees
Key relationships with Customers
In addition to fostering manufacturing flexibility across various international production sites, the Group’s strategic
approach and business model champion collaborative partnerships with customers. This approach spans from the
initial concept design stage to the culmination of the production process, encompassing aspects such as sourcing,
development, production start-ups, mechanical design, assembly, and after-market services for finished products.
The Group is devoted to delivering a comprehensive range of cost-competitive, vertically-integrated global supply
chain solutions tailored to diverse volume requirements.

These initiatives not only expedite production start-ups and efficiently transition new products to mass production
but also play a pivotal role in accelerating product time-to-volume, time-to-market, and scaling production to meet
rapidly changing customer demands. Recognising the current market demand and supply situation, customers can
leverage the Group’s supply chain solutions throughout the entire life cycle of their products, facilitating the launch
of new products into the highly competitive marketplace within an expedited timeframe. This approach reduces the
costs associated with delivering high-quality products to the market, shortens supply chain cycle times, minimises
working capital requirements for inventory, and ultimately lowers the overall total cost of ownership.

Acknowledging the critical significance of supply chain management, the Group places a priority on strengthening
practices to ensure the smooth and efficient delivery of components and materials. Through meticulous supply
chain optimisation, the goal is to minimise costs, improve lead times, and establish a distinct competitive advantage
within the industry. Leveraging supply chain practices globally enables the Group to respond effectively to the
current market demand and best material costs, minimise lead times, enhance the efficiency of planning cycles to
meet customer demand volatility, optimise asset utilisation, and effectively manage inventory levels.

Cost management remains a crucial element of the overall strategy. The Group maintains rigorous oversight of the
Bill of Materials (BOM), actively seeking opportunities to maximise cost-efficiency while upholding unwavering
product quality standards. This involves sustaining strong relationships with suppliers to negotiate favourable
pricing terms, exploring alternative sourcing options, and continually evaluating quality and value of components,
and suppliers’ performance.



                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     17
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Rapid changes in technology and craftsmanship, evolving industry standards and requirements, handset market
landscape, consumer behaviour, and requirements for continuous improvement in products and services resulted in
shorter product life cycles. The Group secures front-end trends by working closely with supply chain and suppliers
(including Hon Hai Technology Group via vertical integration), managing both procurement and inventory and
quick response manufacturing services and creating win-win for both the Group and customers by developing
practical and total solutions which can enhance competitiveness of customers via continuous and close interaction
with the materials/component marketplace. We operate flexible manufacturing facilities and design our processes
to accommodate customers with multiple product lines and configurations. Simultaneously, we are dedicated to
enhancing our Manufacturing Value Add (MVA) by streamlining production processes, reducing waste, and
improving operational efficiency. By elevating our MVA, we can optimise productivity, reduce manufacturing costs,
and expedite product delivery, thus solidifying our competitive position in the market. All these help to foster and
maintain the Group’s long-term relationship with customers and expand these relationships to include additional
product categories and services. Such repeatable execution driven by a collaborative and customer-centric culture
that continuously evaluates and optimises our business processes and adapts to ever-changing macro-economic
conditions and provides clear value to customers. The building up of such competencies is also critical to the
development of new customers.

As mentioned above, due to the deterioration of the global economy and China’s slower-than-expected economic
recovery, uncertainty persists in the global demand for consumer electronic products. Regarding the smartphone
market, in addition to economic headwinds, it has encountered other significant challenges in recent years. Factors
such as market saturation and the ongoing impact of prolonged replacement cycles, mainly resulting from
improving device quality, along with the lack of product differentiation and innovation, contribute to these
challenges. As the end-market demand becomes sluggish, uncertain, and volatile, these unfavorable factors
intensify the competition in the global handset market. Our customers are more cautious in their demand planning,
expense and cost control, and cash flow management. Demand visibility is greatly shortened. Some customers have
too many inventory on hand and still fight hard to consume those inventory and they are inclined to cancel
potential new projects (even some which are already ranged under development by ODMs) to push out the new
models to a later time frame to reduce risk and working capital requirement.

In light of the high uncertainty of handset demand, customers which own manufacturing facilities and capabilities
may reduce outsourcing so as to optimise its own capacity utilisation. One of the Group’s customers had been keen
to find new manufacturing partners in China and India and reduced the percentage of outsourcing to us and this
has been affecting the sales to this customer significantly. On the other hand, customers may fail to successfully sell
their products, and customers’ products may not be price competitive and fail to gain widespread commercial
acceptance and customers may experience dramatic market share shifts in demand which may cause them to lose
market share or even downside/exit businesses. As the margins of the customers are reduced, they are prone to cut
the prices of the hand sets we sell to them and margin erosion pressure on us is extremely high. At the same time,
the Group has been aggressive in getting more orders in order to optimise utilisation. If production volume is low,
we will have huge unabsorbed manufacturing overhead costs and idle costs which will affect the already low gross
profit margin. This explains why the Group has been putting effort into cutting costs and terminating loss-making/
under-performing operations.

The short-term nature of the Group’s customers’ commitments and demand visibility and the rapid changes in
demand for their products reduced our ability to accurately estimate future demand and requirements and the
timing and predict order book of our customers with reasonable certainty. This made it difficult to plan and



18     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


schedule production and shipment, and resource planning and hiring in an efficient and cost-effective manner so
as to optimise utilisation of our assets and workforce and capacity and at the same time fulfilling orders. Yields and
efficiencies were greatly affected and idle costs increased dramatically and margin erosion pressure continued to be
extremely high. To mitigate the challenges posed by low demand visibility, we are enhancing our business
development efforts in different regions by assigning key account managers to be located close to our clients. This
proximity will improve communication efficiency and the close interaction enables us to respond quickly to their
needs, fostering stronger relationships and gaining better visibility into their demand patterns. We will also critically
review the expansion of service and product offerings to a wider range of solutions that cater to diverse customer
requirements. By having more options available, we increase our chances of securing contracts and winning bids,
thus enhancing our demand visibility. There is also a need to continuously improve our cost competitiveness of our
BOM and MVA through various measures. These include enhancing supply chain flexibility, optimising resource
utilisation, and exploring diversified collaboration models to meet the unique needs of different customers.
Strengthening customer relationships, collaborating closely with key customers and suppliers, adopting flexible
production and inventory management strategies, and diversifying our customer base and product offerings will
enable us to better anticipate and respond to changing demand patterns. Through these proactive measures, we
aim to improve demand visibility. But as the uncertainties are high, the Group had to control overheads and reduce
inventory level and open purchase order exposure and liabilities and get rid of idle assets to reduce idle costs and
remain lean but agile and streamline production processes and monitor closely market and competition landscape
and labour availability and review business model and contribution margin performance of the orders and credit
position of customers and communicate well with customers and determine the levels and volume of business that
the Group can take. The geo-political tensions and untamed inflation had stalled the global economy and the
repercussion affected all of our customers.

As the Group’s customers in different segments faced different types of headwinds, the Group’s segment
performance in different countries was affected by different degrees and extent and in different areas. As the
current economic crisis unfolded against the backdrop of a keen competitive market environment, slow recovery,
and reduced income and the increase in borrowing costs put a strain on the solvency of customers and companies,
the Group had kept monitoring the credit and collection and default risks. In particular, the Group has been
controlling business amounts and capping trade receivables amount with HMD Global Oy (“HMD”) to control
credit exposure and made adequate expected credit loss allowances in the book to reflect the collection and default
risks.

As long-term partnerships and relationships have been established with customers, the Group is able to
communicate effectively with the customers and accelerate manufacturing while meeting delivery, specifications
and quality requirements from customers. At the same time, the Group has been consistently putting effort on
improving operation management, cost effectiveness, process and efficiency optimisation, quick response
manufacturing, lean manufacturing, quality management, R&D, streamlining production process to improve
learning curves and yield, human resource management and talent development to deliver all projects and services
in a timely and efficient and professional manner. The Group is dedicated to continue to build good corporate
governance structure and competitive advantages and core competencies that are core to our success and
competitiveness and long term sustain ability and this includes focuses on global deployment in India and Vietnam,
as mentioned above, competitive costs, superior quality and customer service, continuous dedication of resources
to R&D competence building, and enhancement of end-to-end service offerings, talent development especially in
R&D and industrial design and engineering capabilities, rapid and shorter product development cycles, use of new
material and technologies and solutions that are environmentally friendly, ability to design for large-volume and



                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      19
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


low-cost production, and control of multiple production inputs through our vertically integrated operations. Given
that the industry is dominated by consolidated significant players and in cases where the Group is going to develop
new smaller customers, it would be difficult for the Group to develop new customers that have similar business
scale as the Group’s existing major customers and would to a certain extent affect the Group’s bargaining power.
Further, it takes time to develop new customers and for the Group to gear up its production facilities to produce
products and provide services that are customised for new customers. In cases where the Group switches to or
adds new customers, it typically takes the Group approximately two to ten months to customise the Group’s
production facilities depending on the requirements of customers, delivery lead time, the complexity and
sophistication and volume of products and craftsmanship and technologies needed and associated business models
and business/credit risks.

In light of the handset market saturation, the Group has to be technologically innovative and intensifies its focus on
manufacturing efficiency and productivity and devotes resources to keep pace with technological changes in the
industry and adapt our services so that our customers can use better and cost competitive solutions in their
products. Regardless of the size and scale of the customer, we establish the long term business relationships with
our customers by providing high quality products and services of global standards at competitive prices in an
efficient manner, manufacturing industry-leading and state-of-the-art products for its customers in different
countries, offering customised services and solutions and flexibility to customers, and creating customer delight and
satisfaction among passionate people engaged in a world-class manufacturing environment, and continues to
prolong, develop, penetrate and foster closer relationships and partnerships with them for mutual benefit of the
Group and such customers in the long run and leverage talents of the Group. The Group believes its long term
business relationship with major customers are the result of the Group’s proven track record of meeting
commitments in quality and delivery and delivering the core value and services which are crucial to the increase of
customers’ competitiveness in the growingly difficult and competitive and saturated market. We are a high-
performance, accountable organisation with a talented and engaged workforce that is deeply passionate about
driving growth and development through excelling customer service and offerings. But there has been more than
usual pressure on pricing coming from the largest players in the industry fighting against the deteriorating trend in
market share development and prolonged replacement cycle time and all of the Group’s customers have been
facing keen competitions in the handset market and intensifying challenges of various kinds, both operational and
financial and winning business is subject to lengthy, competitive bid selection processes and we have to dedicate
significant development expenditures and engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. To
reduce concentration risk, we focus on identifying and developing relationships with new customers that meet our
targeted profile, which includes financial stability, need for OEM/ODM services or turnkey manufacturing, growth
potential and long-term relationship stability. The Group has also made concentrated efforts to devote resources
and effort on business development capability and continue to explore opportunities in new projects, new
products, new industry sectors and new customer development in different countries on the solid foundation of
existing products and service offerings and domain expertise and customers. Confronting with more diversified
product lines and customer demands, the Group deliberately enhanced the core competence and differentiated us
from our competitors by means of keeping pace with technological changes and competitive conditions in OEM
and ODM industry, effectively adapting our services as our customers react to technological and craftsmanship and
market and macro-economic changes and competitive conditions in their respective market segments, optimising
and streamlining production and lean manufacturing process, upgrading equipment, improving quality and
responsiveness and flexibility and yield, magnifying efficiency, escalating automation, executing solid cost-control
measure and cultivating talents.




20     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


From Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) perspective, the Group has been operating in a highly competitive and
dynamic market without growth a sustainable business with a well-balanced and diversified portfolios from a
customer and product and geographical diversification perspective and is looking for continuous improvement all
the time with ample resources dedicated to competence building and R&D capability.

Major customers
The Group’s major customers consist of reputational brands, which offer creditable products and have already
secured a substantial market share in their market of expertise. The Group’s strategy revolves around establishing
and nurturing long-term business relationships with leading companies with size and growth characteristics and
seek to expand these relationships to encompass additional product lines and services, continuously develop and
penetrate Chinese and overseas and international brand customers, put efforts to grow and diversify its lineup. We
strive to expand its production capacity in India and Vietnam in order to meet the needs of customers to develop
markets overseas and we have been successful to capitalize on the growth of domestic market in these countries
and have continued to actively develop new customers of different industries in India and diversify both customer
and product base. However, the Group’s customers continued to face several unavoidable macroeconomic
problems inclusive of Ukraine-Russia warfare which disturbed the world’s supply chain and the surging inflation
rate across all countries together with quantitative tightening policy have pushed up the risk of economic
depression in the globe. On the demand side, under the difficult economic situation and fears of an economic
slowdown, income elasticity of demand is high and customer preference has been changed to saving more money
to support the growing living cost; in other words, the decline in demand in durable goods including consumer
electronics in 2023 continues to be the most impactful reason to worsen the Group’s customers’ business
performance and the competition pressure continues as the market slows down and most channels are still filled
with inventory. Positive experience with prior model is not significant in affecting the demand of smartphones. This
indicates that consumers have less loyalty towards a particular brand of smartphone. They are more willing to try
and switch to different brands because they are expose to many others type of smartphones. Competitors have to
fight for the remaining very limited demands if existing inventory cannot cover and this is why we were pessimistic
for 2023 demand and our conservative stance for 2024 demand. The Group relies on a relatively small number of
customers for a substantial portion of our sales, and the performance of our customers in the end markets and
their outsourcing strategies could affect/reduce our shipment performance directly and significantly.

To reduce concentration risk, new customer development is crucial to the Group and the Group focused on
expanding its customer portfolio and adopted a proactive and aggressive business strategy and established a
dedicated business development team to identify and develop relationships with new customers that meet the
Group’s targeted profile, which includes good market growth potential, the need for OEM/ODM services or turnkey
manufacturing solutions on a global basis, viability, financial stability and long-term relationship stability can drive
expansion into new markets and seize growth opportunities and reduce concentration risks. But it is a fact it is
growingly difficult to develop new customers of large or significant size and the time needed for new customer
development can be very long and this is why the customer portfolio of the Group includes some small customers
and the Group has to put tremendous effort and resources to expand overseas and there have been some
successes.

(i)   The Group’s key Chinese customer initially focused on its domestic market, capital, technical and know-how
      advances. But in these years, the customer has shifted focus to global expansion and made extremely success
      in different countries and markets (like India and other developing countries especially Central and Eastern
      Europe and Southern America). As the macroeconomic challenges continue to take place around the world,



                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     21
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        this customer has adjusted its 2023 corporate strategies to focus on operation optimisation, future business
        development such as EV and emphasis not only on the scale but also the profitability. The piled-up inventory
        since the second quarter of 2023 and the lukewarm demand were the main reasons that smartphone vendors
        were hesitate to ramp up. In the third quarter 2023, the destocking finally come to an end, and the sign of
        economy rebound has surfaced. Fueled by the reduced BOM cost amid the de-escalation of supply chain
        disruptions, this customer achieved a record-high gross margin and successfully reached the lowest inventory
        levels in 11 quarters. With the premiumisation strategy and positive feedback on the latest flagship
        smartphone, this customer is the only one company who saw a positive year-over-year shipment changes in
        the third quarter of 2023 in China. IDC concluded 146 million smartphones shipped in India in 2023, with a
        nominal 1% growth YoY and thanks to the 11% shipments growth in second half which compensate the
        10% decline in the first half of 2023. Although India smartphone market achieved 1% shipments growth, the
        market share ranking of this customer dropped from number 2 to number 4 due to the shipments to the
        online channel drop yet it was still able to continue lead the entry level (sub-US$100) segment in India.

(ii)    An established U.S.-based Internet company in the long run is one of the major customer of the Group. Along
        with a long history of cooperation, the Group provides comprehensive engineering and production services to
        deliver superior, reliable, and trustworthy premium smartphones that meet the customer’s demand. To
        differentiate ourselves from competitors, we collaborate with this customer from the NPI (New Program
        Introduction) stage and promptly ramp up production to meet the customer’s time-to-market and time-to-
        volume strategies. We continuously develop automation robot software, robot central control systems, and AI
        inspection algorithms to reduce labor dependency and eliminate manual inconsistencies. In addition, we
        employ real-time big data analysis and visualisation tools to improve yield and support the customer in all
        aspects of production. To mitigate the risk of concentration in a particular region/country, we offer
        competitive geographical advantages and management excellence to this customer to mitigate the
        concentration risk on certain region/country. Despite the macroeconomic downturn, this customer continues
        to put its effort one quipping more and more advance AI technologies on its device. The prestige brand
        image, trustworthy quality and innovated technologies are the unique characteristics of this customer, and
        those elements will help our customer to navigate through this sudden economic slowdown and gain the
        applicable market share.

(iii)   Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. Ltd. is one of the world’s largest electronics manufacturer and acquired Ensky
        Technology Pte. Ltd. (“Ensky”) on 1 January 2020 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hon Hai. Ensky has a long-
        established relationship with U.S. customers and sells consumer electronic products to them. Due to the
        change of its business model since 2022, the buying entity was gradually transitioned from Ensky to Hon Hai.
        There has been very strong market demand for eReaders and voice interaction products as one of the U.S.
        customers has been growing very fast and dominant worldwide. The Group has been manufacturing
        consumer electronic products such as eReaders and tablets, and voice interaction products for a sustained
        period of time and the Group is now its strategic supplier of these consumer electronic products due to the
        Group’s strong engineering and global operation and manufacturing capabilities, which can cope with
        customer global diversification development and do high end and more complicated programs, and satisfy
        the end customer’s requirements and expectations in terms of the ability to ramp up production in a reduced
        timeframe while achieving very high yield rate. But there are many challenges as the macroeconomic
        environment is not good and market research indicates that consumers are not budget-conscious. In addition,
        smart speakers now become increasingly saturated in the U.S. market. The sales to Hon Hai are grouped
        under Asia segment as Hon Hai is incorporated in Taiwan. Hon Hai is listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange
        Corporation and the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group.


22       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(iv)   Sharp Corporation (“Sharp”) is a connected person of the Company pursuant to the Listing Rules, as it is an
       associate of Hon Hai, the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Sharp offers a variety of electronic
       products including smart phones, home appliances, displays and other IoT devices. The current selling markets
       of this customer include Japan, Taiwan, Indonesia and U.S., with more than 90% of total shipments going to
       its home market, Japan for the last decade. Starting from Japan telecommunications carriers adjusting the
       order volume in anticipation of the recent demand decline, the Japan mobile market has seen lots of
       turbulences. On 15 May 2023, Japanese electronics company Kyocera has announced its officially leaving the
       consumer smartphone business due to decreased demand for its products. “We can no longer find
       marketability for the general market”, Kyocera President Hideo Tanimoto said. Less than a few weeks after
       the announcement, the fifth ranking vendor, FCNT, three successors of Fujitsu Ltd.’s mobile phone business,
       filed for bankruptcy protection with Tokyo District Court under the civil rehabilitation law on 30 May 2023,
       leaving debts of 143.1 billion yen in total due to depreciation of yen and severe competition. Recognising an
       opportunity, Sharp has unveiled multiple new phones this year to meet diverse consumer demands. In line
       with its commitment to promoting a sustainable economy, Sharp has introduced the AQUOS wish3 — an
       eco-friendly mobile phone that incorporates a back cover and specific internal components made from
       recycled materials, thereby increasing the recycled material content to 60%. AQUOS wish3 is positioned as an
       entry-level phone yet equipped with 5G and dust and water resistance which has proven to be an appealing
       option for seniors. On the other hand, Sharp continues to explore the non-mobile phone business and has
       offered other electronic devices such as MiFi routers and tablets with the help of the Group’s R&D resources
       and capabilities.

(v)    HMD is an independent Finnish company. In 2023, HMD announced that they were entering the market
       independently as a force to create a new world for telecommunications with a multi-brand strategy including
       Nokia and other partners as well as HMD original devices, focused on consumer needs. Previously, HMD —
       the home of Nokia phones’ — was an exclusive partnership HMD have held for the past seven years. HMD is
       a leader in sustainability with their repairable devices, and the top choice for taking a digital detox. In
       addition, HMD offers a suite of solutions for enterprise customers. The company is driven by the needs of its
       customers and puts sustain ability, longevity, security, durability, and afford ability at the core of everything it
       does. Sustain ability is legitimately wired into their business, products and culture.

(vi)   A new India customer became a major customer in the first half of 2023. It was set up in 2006 and engaged
       in the business of supplying telecommunication equipment and providing services in the nature of installation,
       commissioning, erection and maintenance thereof and managing telecommunications network of service
       providers and its business in India grew rapidly. The Group provided system assembly manufacturing services
       for hardware like base band unit, remote radio head and adaptive/active antenna to this customer.

Referring to above, one of the top five customers of the Group is the Hon Hai Technology Group (to which Hon Hai
and Sharp belong). The revenue derived from the sales of goods and rendering of services by the Group to Hon Hai
and Sharp in Hon Hai Technology Group accounted for approximately 15.43% and 7.58% of the Group’s total
revenue from the sales of goods and rendering of services, respectively for the current period. Hon Hai is the
ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company and hence a connected person of the Company pursuant to the
Listing Rules. Revenue attributable to the Hon Hai Technology Group accounted for approximately 23.67% of the
Group’s total revenue in the current period.




                                                                                     A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      23
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Amongst the Group’s five largest customers during the current period, which accounted for approximately 88.98%
of the Group’s total revenue, four of them have had long-term and well-established relationships with the Group
for over five years whilst other one have been the Group’s customers for around three years. These major
customers are not required to commit to a certain minimum purchase value or volume from the Group over a set
period and we bid on a program-by-program basis and typically receive customer purchase orders for specific
quantities and timing of products. Our customer-focused factories are flexible and adaptable and can be
reconfigured as needed to meet customer-specific product requirements and fluctuations in volumes. However,
volatility in demand will impact our material requirement planning and production planning and asset utilisation.
Demand visibility is the ability to see undistorted and accurate demand within the timeframe necessary to react to
it. The more visible is the demand, the greater the likelihood of reliable demand forecast. Better visibility into supply
chains translates to fewer disruptions, increased customer satisfaction and lower costs. A majority of supply
agreements entered into with customers require the customer to purchase unused inventory that we have
purchased to fulfill the forecasted manufacturing demand committed by customers. Some of these agreements
require us to provide specific price reductions to our customers over the term of the contracts. In the current
dynamic and highly competitive handset industry characterized by prolonged replacement time, innovation and
enhanced user experience and product pricing and quality are paramount and loss of or changes in market position
of any of these customers or their products in any region may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business,
financial condition and results of operation, especially in view of the concentration of its sales to these customers.
In addition, if one or more of our major customers were to become insolvent or otherwise become unable to pay
us on a timely basis, or at all, our financial condition could be jeopardised. The Group’s reliance on major customers
means that the Group’s performance is intricately tied to the performance and competitiveness and development
of these customers and their outsourcing and offshoring or onshoring strategy in a challenging handset industry
and global economic environment with a lot of OEM and ODM competitors and the Group has to keep monitoring
the current economic environment and market landscape and the change of market trend and end customer
behaviour and the potential impacts on both the general economy and consumption power and preferences and
credit position of customers the Group serves, as well as end markets and individual market and geographical
segment of the Group. The Group continues to closely manage and control expenses and headcount and capital
resources to remain lean and agile and maximise preparedness and the ability to respond in a quick manner as
external circumstances and uncontrollable and unpredictable geo-political situation change. But as reiterated, idle
costs are high and it needs time to get rid of idle assets.

The current credit period extended to the Group’s major customers (whether or not it is a connected person of the
Company) ranges from 30 to 90 days, which is in line with those granted to other customers. The expected credit
loss allowance for the current year was US$133.8 million, a notable increase when compared to the expected credit
loss allowance of US$80.5 million in 2022. In 2022, the pandemic stalled the economic engine worldwide, and the
repercussions of this were not limited to any one industry. Those unfavourable factors including the hit of slow-
moving global economy, high inflation and interest rates and protracted Ukraine warfare and cost-of-living crisis
and keen competition and drop of demand and poor business performance, continued to put a strain on the
solvency of customers and companies in 2023 and there was a drop of demand for the Group’s products and
services from these customers. Some of the Group’s customers, including major customers like HMD, which
distributes phones to Europe and Africa, experienced financial distress and tight cash flow. The Group faced
significant challenges in recovering trade receivables from HMD, leading to a substantial increase in overdue
amounts, collection risk, and default risk to an extremely high level. Facing challenges in recovering trade receivable
from HMD, the Company implemented risk minimisation measures in the second half of 2022. These measures
included capping the trade receivable balance with HMD and aligning shipment quantities with payment statuses.



24     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


For the ongoing feature phone projects, shipment quantities were restricted to the corresponding amount of
payments made by HMD, preventing outstanding trade receivables exceeding a preset cap amount. Despite HMD’s
unsuccessful fund raising efforts in 2022 and continued poor cash position in 2023, the Company vigilantly
monitored the level of outstanding trade receivables. It also evaluated HMD’s ability to continue as a going concern,
assessing the risk to the collection of overdue trade receivables and associated default risk. As at 31 December
2023, the management assessed the expected credit loss allowance of trade receivable due from HMD with a gross
carrying amount of US$215.3 million individually. Management of the Company confirmed that, due to the
deterioration of HMD’s financial performance, it was acknowledged that there was a significant increase in the
credit risk of the trade receivables due from HMD, leading to the recognition that HMD might not be able to meet
its obligations as they came due, based on what is known and knowable. To assess the expected credit loss
allowance for trade receivable, an independent external valuer was appointed to assist in estimating the expected
credit loss allowance for the trade receivable, determining an appropriate probability of default rate, estimated loss
given default rate, and incorporating forward-looking adjustments.

Based on the result of the assessment for HMD, a life time expected credit loss (not credit-impaired) of US$137.8
million was recognised during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: US$77.5 million). Pursuant to International
Financial Reporting Standard (“IFRS”) 9, the Group utilises a provision matrix to calculate expected credit loss
allowances for trade receivables that are not credit-impaired or have increasing credit risk. The provision matrix is
based on the aging of debtor groups with similar loss patterns. The provision rate is derived from the Group’s
historical observed default rates, considering forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable and
available without undue costs or effort. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed,
and changes in forward-looking information are taken into consideration. Given the high uncertainties in the global
economy, the handset market, and heightened geopolitical tensions, the Group re-evaluated expected credit loss
allowances by increasing the percentage for overdue trade receivables during the current period.

Additionally, the Group has smaller customers, and exposure to financially troubled customers or suppliers may
adversely affect our financial results. The Company will continue to closely monitor the situation, factors affecting
cash position, and payment and creditworthiness of customers. If necessary, it will adjust credit limits, credit days,
and/or control the volume of business with these customers, taking necessary collection actions and credit control
actions (such as shipment blocks) according to the Company’s policy. Adequate expected credit loss allowances
arising from trade receivables will be made in accordance with the requirements of relevant accounting standards
and the outlook of the credit position of the customers. Management will regularly review information about
specific customers, ensuring that adequate impairment allowances have been provided for credit-impaired debtors
evident to management as being in financial difficulty or trouble. Furthermore, we adjusted our supply chain
management planning by giving high priority to shipping out slow-moving components projects first to avoid
excess inventory accumulation. The Company continued to reduce excess open purchase orders and component
inventory amounts. The Group will also dramatically reduce the sales amount to HMD in 2024 to reduce overall
risk.

On top of mobile devices manufacturing business, the Group also has a strong after-market Services including
reverse logistics, repair/refurbish services and manufacturing services locate in North America region which offer
integrated solutions providing American customers the end-to-end value-added manufacturing services and after-
market-service covering the entire product life cycle with best-in-class quality, cost and ability to deliver under the
circumstance of global supply chain restructure. The services include after-market management, repair/refurbish
services, product asset-recovery, excess inventory on-line sales service, integrated regional manufacturing,



                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     25
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


packaging, and fulfillment. Forward/reverse logistics and manufacturing expertise are provided by the Group to
multiple product lines like drones, drone devices, smart home devices, set-top boxes, IoT products, medical product,
and automotive electronics and its customers including name brand OEM, mobile carriers and retail channels. The
Group aims to keep growing fulfillment service and regional manufacturing services to automotive and medical
industry. The core competencies which the Group upholds and demonstrates in this part of business are (1) strong
core team with talents and expertise in the field of both EMS and after-market services area; (2) geographically
central HUB location advantage in Dallas Texas for logistic services and proximity location advantage of boarder
Mexico factory for manufacturing strategies under global supply chain restructure; (3) robust quality system and
crucial certifications, such as ISO 13485 for medical and IATF 16949 for automotive; (4) high-mix-low-volume
flexible support model and end-to-end business solutions, from design, production, fulfilment to after-market
services; (5) comprehensive product engineering capability and global supply chain supports from FIH global
resources; and (6) E2E (End-to-End), complete after-market service solutions and online-offline operation
integrations, and customised service-models.

Key Relationships with Suppliers
(i)   Supply chain management:
      Supply chain performance is always a key indicator in determining operation execution excellence within the
      Group. To address time-to-market, volume-to-market and time-to-volume requirements in this business,
      performance of manufacturing operation depends on quality, in-time availability and cost of components and
      other raw materials, and highly efficient management to inventory. Supply instability will affect our
      production schedule and then shipment to customers. In particular, the impact of a delay or interruption in
      supply from a single-sourced component supplier can be catastrophic and we may be required to source
      these items from other third parties on a delayed basis or on less favourable terms. The Group sources
      components and other materials required for conducting businesses from Hon Hai and 1,497 reputable and
      qualified suppliers around the world. The Group has maintained stable business relationships over a long
      history with almost all of them and a dedicated team maps the supply and demand balances of each supplier
      and maintains an overview of market risks and works closely with internal engineering teams, among other
      tasks. Maintaining on-time delivery of quality material at best-in-class competitive pricing and, at the same
      time, avoiding being restrained by certain key supply sources has been a constant challenge to procurement
      team of the Group. In addition to managing cost of top critical material, the Group will from time to time
      take necessary actions in maintaining a suitable dynamics among inventory, outstanding purchase order and
      working capital. Customers do not usually accept price increase when cost rise resulted from increasing
      material cost. Adequate cash reserve is always kept by the Group in warranting sustainability of its operations.
      Considering unprecedented challenges presented by unbounded circumstances over the past couple years,
      the rise and fall of business has practically been largely dictated by supply chain performance, by its
      deliverables. Geopolitical uncertainties inclusive unabating U.S.-China confrontational relationship, Russia-
      Ukraine conflict, more recent Israeli-Hamas clashes, continual high inflation and tight monetary policy among
      major economies continue to dictate global economy in 2023. Vendors delivering basic materials and
      components including chipsets, memory, electronic parts, display modules, camera modules, batteries,
      connectors, enclosures, and packaging material together make up the supply partners of the Group. They are
      selected through a clear set of requirements developed over a long supply management history. It contains
      specifically technical requirements, quality and reliability standard, price competitiveness, technical
      competence, innovation and engineering capacity, logistics requirement, service assessment, commercial
      terms, customers’ requirement, capacity, peer recognition in the industry and financial strength. Vendors are
      then evaluated and admitted through qualification processes defined within the Group. Supply availability



26     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


  and price fluctuations of materials and components are constantly being studied and followed. Exposure to
  supply disruption potentially caused by excessive dependency on consolidated purchasing sources is
  determined to be low. And supplier performance measurement (TQSCE, i.e. Technology, Quality, Supply, Cost
  and ESG) is continuously being taken and monitored by the operation on a regular basis.

  Components may not always be readily available at times of supply in constraint. The Group, from time to
  time, may not be able to continually obtain sufficient supply in meeting production schedules. And it is one of
  the reasons why it is challenging to publish order books and shipment volume forecast on regular basis.
  Purchases made to top five suppliers in spend by the Group accounted for approximately 45.9% of total
  purchases made in the current period. Whilst the Group could have worked with many accessible sources in
  the market, over the years the Group has continually consolidated its spend to limited number of key suppliers
  to continually enjoy ease of procurement processing, supply continuity and favourable commercial terms
  (especially in pricing). All top five suppliers in spend have had a long lasting and well-developed business
  partnership with the Group over the last five years or longer. They are not bounded by contract, nor are asked
  to keep manufacturing capacity, or, to produce and supply or guarantee minimum supply to the Group. At
  such, liability exposure is considered well administered for the Group. Given best-in class pricing is secured
  through purchase consolidation with handful of key suppliers, safety buffer planned and built on top of the
  demand keeps supply disruption risk in the form of supply delay or interruption to ODM business reasonably
  contained. Customers are informed and are aware of continuing supply challenge. Information is always
  adequately shared to customers on a timely manner. Contingency is always built in, it can be triggered when
  situation arises. Additionally, good number of alternative sources available in the market are always kept as
  fallback to always work with. Except chipset, memory and certain key components, the Group does not
  anticipate experiencing unforeseen market fluctuations such as significant material cost increase or supply
  delay in case the Group decides to engage with a new supply source. Its capacity in practicing best in class
  material pricing in the industry clearly displays procurement proficiency and commercial strength of the
  Group, it is considered a core competence built upon benefits leveraged through scale of its operations, bulk
  volume in purchase, and continuous close participation and networking with the market. One of the top five
  suppliers in spend to the Group is Hon Hai Technology Group. Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder
  of the Company and hence a connected person of the Company pursuant to the Listing Rules. Purchases
  attributable to the Hon Hai Technology Group accounted for approximately 8.6% of the Group’s total
  purchases in the current period.

  Procurement team may employ basic tools and appropriate tactics to contain demand/supply dynamics from
  time to time. Pricing and supply requirements are communicated and negotiated with designated sources on
  a quarterly basis. Session for next coming quarter usually starts from third week entering into a new quarter
  and lasts till two weeks before quarter ends, i.e. when experiencing supply instability/disruption, by supply
  visibility, they will basically be dealt with one quarter or longer before they may actually occur later in time; in
  some cases, in extreme situation, unforeseen disruptions may come up at very short notice, and those shall be
  resolved with intense senior management level escalation and follow-up review with the suppliers or through
  near term allocation adjustment. Planning and maintaining visibility are the basics in securing supply. Near
  term forecast is continually offered to suppliers on weekly basis, longer term numbers are shared through
  sourcing team. Planning and visibility are built on top of demand forecasting confirmation received from
  suppliers. Communication and negotiation taking place in each quarter are tools in determining pricing and
  supply in future quarters, bargain/trade-off is being made well before actual delivery confirm is given.
  Preferential supply strategy, in TQSCE, is always the guide in decision making. Demand and supply dynamics



                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      27
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


       has shifted since late 2022, high level tactics have been adjusted to, (1) leverage preferential sources, balance
       demand/supply; (2) explore additional options if supply fails to meet demand in time; (3) drive best market
       pricing by commodity; (4) request reasonable order lead time, maintain minimum order coverage; and (5)
       seek supply from open market when necessary.

       Regardless market dynamics, material availability in a full square kit is fundamentally essential in
       manufacturing, for which functionality or dollar value of the component will make no difference to
       production operation. If a product can be manufactured into one and shipped in time is all that matters. No
       doubt, keeping a demand supply balance with agility is critically important to our business success.

       For details, please refer to the section headed “The Group’s Value Chain” of the Company’s separate 2023
       environmental, social and governance report (“2023 ESG Report”) as issued and published simultaneously upon
       the issuance and publication of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report of the directors.

       In response to potential risks associated with the Group’s reliance on its major customers and major suppliers,
       the Group has worked out and followed its business plan with goal to expand customer base and product
       categories and its supply mix, effective systems in internal control and ERM are implemented and maintained
       to assess and contain such risks. For details, please refer to the section headed “Accountability and Audit” of
       the Company’s 2023 corporate governance report, which forms part of the Company’s 2023 annual report
       incorporating this report of the directors. In order to cope with mounting geo-political risk, global economy
       slowdown, weak demand, inflation risk and to minimise impact on operations, the Group continually
       examines market situation and general economy and material supply and market price trends and maintains
       close association and communication with customers, suppliers and logistic service companies through flexible
       and efficient procurement and sales strategies.

(ii)   Material supply and price:
       Adjustment cycle continues into 2023. Restoring inventory back to healthy level has been and still is top
       priority in business. Supply constraint which troubled entire electronics industry over the last three years had
       started to dissipate since the third quarter 2022. It had drastically turned into over-supply toward end of
       2022. Demand stayed to be illusive and remained to be highly volatile with very limited forward visibility.

       It is fair to say no supply constraint is experienced in 2023. Irrational and unrealistic supply limitations are no
       longer in existence. Demand is expected to be filled with supply after terms are suitably negotiated and
       agreed upon. Adjustment in handset industry has been lagging, behind most other consumer electronics
       businesses. Consumer spending has been weak since the second half of 2022. Worries about economy’s
       future continue to grow. Post-COVID market in China did show resilient recovery during March 2023, yet
       momentum failed to persist, it lasted only for the month. China export continued to be weak given fragile
       global economy and as result of continuing relocation of manufacturing capacity to outside of China. China
       domestic market has been an over-supply market. Huge capacity built over the decades as global factory for
       global demand is now available for domestic market, yet market has been struggling in making adjustment
       and identifying new opportunity for future growth. U.S. market has shown better resilience in the past
       months. Inventory has come down within a high consumer pricing environment.

       In the past ten months, there are sectors where dwindling demands have prompted decisions to sustain the
       market through limit supply. Good examples are main chipset, memory, LCD cell and some key ICs. And, at
       the same time, there are certain semiconductor sectors in automotive application, in AI server market, supply


28      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     in those applications remains tight, lead time could have been reduced yet is till long, pricing holds strong.
     Supply strategy implemented by key IC suppliers has showcased additional market force. In such case,
     component pricing is no longer dictated entirely by demand and supply dynamics alone. In contrast to a weak
     market demand, leading semiconductor makers raised their selling prices from beginning of 2023 up to 10%
     or more by claims on higher cost. EE active component pricing went down 1.5% passive parts came lower
     around 3%. Memory pricing is always extremely sensitive, is always subject to change from day to day.
     Memory pricing came to pre-COVID level, to the point where resorted to sustaining pricing through limiting
     production output. Memory pricing made a turn toward end of third quarter and started to rise. It is projected
     price will continue to rise in coming quarter. Custom-made components were more vulnerable and were tied
     to specific product demand, in which case, on a broader scale, display pricing came 4% lower; battery went
     down for nearly 2%, even sub-tier material rose and held at high level. Camera module went down 5%,
     charger was 6% lower.

     Far as we can see, no supply challenge is expected, pricing is expected to come down in most commodities as
     clearing channel inventory continues; inflation and tight monetary policy in major economies, geopolitical
     conflict inclusive Russia-Ukraine conflict, continuing U.S.-China confrontational relationship and recent Israeli-
     Hamas clashes are apparent uncertainties. Though market visibility is limited, we’re cautiously optimistic. If
     any, worry will have to be if market can hold up, if recession may escalate, how hard and how long. The
     Group continues to commit its efforts to try to overcome business difficulties and put in efforts to negotiate,
     discuss and arrange with its customers, vendors, suppliers and logistics partners to share risk, champion
     mutual benefits and foster long-term relationship among the parties in difficult times. In addition, there are
     also other challenging conditions that the Group has faced since late 2017 have continued into 2023 and is
     expected to continue into 2024.

Key Relationships with Employees
Employees are valuable assets to the Group. Therefore, the long-term strategy of the Group is to cultivate and
develop employees internally and to recruit outside professionals and build up the competencies. Product
development and manufacture are both complicated process and require professionals and experts. Therefore, the
Group pays attention to keep enhancing the quality and quantity of staff force in order to secure its leadership and
competency. The Group has been working diligently in different countries to attract and retain talents. As to talent
development, the Group recognises that its future success will be highly dependent on its continuity to attract and
retain qualified and brilliant employees by offering more equal employment opportunities, competitive
compensation and benefits, more favourable working environment, broader customer reach, bigger scale in
resources, training and job rotation and enrichment and diversification, coupled with better career prospect across
various products and programs and business lines and promotion opportunities. The Group places great emphasis
on career planning and talent development for employees in different countries by encouraging employees to
attend internal and external training programs. Internal training programs include courses for core competency and
professional competency and technical development to enhance employees’ capabilities, while external training
programs include hands-on courses and workshops and seminars or conferences organised by external parties that
provide excellent training and professional development opportunities for employees that bring theory and practice
together to improve the competency of the Group. Furthermore, much of the training that had started as face-to-
face in classroom environments has been pursued online. The Group prides itself on providing a safe, effective and
congenial working environment and it values the health and well-being of its staff. Adequate arrangements,
training and guidelines have been arranged and implemented to ensure a healthy and safe working environment.
The success of the Group is dependent on its talents, with its focus on human capital initiatives and strategic



                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     29
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


workforce planning in terms of talent acquisition, training and development, knowledge building, motivations,
rewards and retention, as well as localisation. The Group complies with relevant labour laws and regulations to
protect employees’ rights and interests. The Group always emphasises employee benefits as well as harmonious
labour relations, and highly values employees’ opinions and feedbacks. In order to communicate effectively with
staff, the Group provides channels like e-meetings, emails, or mail boxes for employees to reflect on their thoughts.
Currently, the communication between the Group and employees is well conducted and employees can fully
express their opinions, raising any labour issues to promote and maintain a positive labour relationship. Pursuing
sustainable corporate development and embracing integrity is our highest guiding principle, and the Company has
established relevant business ethic guidelines. Based on the guidelines, employees are required to follow the moral
and ethical standards and advocate integrity, honesty and confidentiality to protect the rights and interests of the
Company and its shareholders as a whole and enhance the Company’s competitiveness and long-term
sustainability.

Fushan Technology Vietnam is recently having more and more positive changes like diversified customers,
expanding production and factories. Along with these, the human factor is also being emphasised because we
mind that employee bring core values to our business. Accompanying FIH Group, we care about our employees
through 4 core values: Care, Confidence, Determination, and Integrity by creating a good working atmosphere that
people are respecting each other and to be recognised and trusted in their job assignment. Employees have a
chance to make creativeness in their job and innovation to reduce the cost and increase work efficiency and better-
quality result and also create equal chance for everyone. So that’s why Fushan changed the “Thursday sharing” to
“Kaizen sharing” where the innovative ideas are revealed even though they are just valuable ideas that have not
been applied. Besides, the Company is always showing our caring to employees working life through benefit in
kinds such as premium insurance to take care individual and their own family; team building program for indirect
labor (IDL) to be organised twice per year to help employees not only to refresh their mind after working time but
also enhance sharing with each other and highly motivation from Leadership to their subordinates. Especially, we
are preparing to celebrate 10th anniversary of company history establishment with the key leading point “Fushan
empowering Future”.

Sustainable development with harmonious relationship is one of our policy. We always care, listen to employees’
feedbacks and issues in their daily work through the “Skip Level Coffee” Program — meeting directly with
company’s representative every two weeks. In 2023, we have already conduct over 40 batches with around 300
issues — closed 86% and opened 14% and “shop-floor tour” program (listen to employee voice in the workshop)
already conduct 50 tours with 551 issues and closed 92%, 8% opened. Besides, we have the opportunity to
exchange and learn about the cultures of other countries through cultural sharing programs such as India’s Diwali
festival. Moreover, Fushaners also demonstrate the spirit of social community through the Blood donation activity
where over 200 members successfully donated blood within 4 hours only.

Regarding Fushan Training program, we are continuing with our strategy of “customised training courses by
Business requirements and self-learning culture mindset” since 2022 until now and maintaining sustainability
training program such as periodically re-training to enhance knowledge and responsibility for employee like: Cyber
security (over 900 trainees), ESD training (around 500 trainees), Integrity & anti-corruption (applied to all
employees), Quality Awareness (over 300 trainees), Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) & Environment, Health
and Safety (“EHS”) Management System Awareness (over 490 trainees). In addition, we make new training course
for human cultivation according with career development, adapting to the change. For Fresher, we conduct 3
sections of “Fresher training program” to help Fresher members quickly adapt with culture and job in Fushan. For



30     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Manager, we apply new training course “Manager roles training” which promote the management skills and
provide enough procedures processes and make them have a good awareness of their roles and responsibilities in
their daily management. Continually with Fushan trainer (44 sections with over 800 attendances) is outstanding
training activities to promote self-learning culture and sharing culture for all employees. Besides above substantiality
training courses mentioned, we also adapt the requirement from customers like SPC course & 6 sigma course.

In addition to internal training, employees are encouraged to attend external trainings or seminar which organise
by VCCI (Vietnam Chamber of Commerce and Industry) or ILO (International Labour Organisation) like “Dialogue at
workplace”; “Factory improvement tool” and “Collective bargaining”. Along with the development of technology,
to kaizen & support daily operation, to reduce paperwork and manual work, it could be said that 2023 is the year
for HR Digital Transformation with some main achievements to upgrade HRIS system for better service in terms of
paperless and efficiency.

India’s electronic manufacturing industry has witnessed a sharp transition in the last few years with various
initiatives to market electronics. In the face of fierce competition to attract and retain employees at a time when
limited resources with experience are available, we have ensured 100% customer demand fulfilment in the core
where the direct labour workforce are impacted by seasons, festivals, and by other factors (i.e. exams, marriage).
India sites are witnessing, low volumes due to business downturn, the human resources key goals are to optimise
headcount and create leaner, more efficient businesses model. AP (Andhra Pradesh) Site had moved from 24x7
operation into 24x6 to bring in better efficiencies. Despite the constant changes, we have maintained the
motivational level of the workforce through series of learning and engaging sessions, New product skills, effective
communication, team building and completed Hazardous Substance Process Management (“HSPM”) awareness
session for new client business readiness including internal audit certification.

In TN (Tamil Nadu) site the direct labour engagement at Dormitories on Vinayaga Chaturthi, Ayudhapooja was
celebrated with gaiety. Actively facilitated potential new business/customer visits to factory. In recent get together
event, the Diwali celebrations at BFIH, wellness event — with our healthcare partner arranged, dental, eye, health
check-up for direct labour/Indirect direct labour at TN site. State police personnel gave cyber safety/mobile phone
safety for women-training at TN dormitory. In addition, front line team leads and key personnel participated in
blood donation camp organised by AP SriCity on the eve of police commemoration week became memorable.

As part of the CSR activity, BFIH is proud to collaborate with SEB’s to promote education, health, and livelihoods in
remote tribal communities near Vellore, Tamil Nadu, India. As part of the health program in collaboration with
SEB’s, BFIH provided meals to nearly 500 students for across nine SEB’s schools. This initiative has significantly
reduced school dropouts in the region and parents are motivated to send their children to school. BFIH prepared,
aligned and are fully subscribed to the principles of RBR (Responsible Business Alliance) and SA 8000: 2014 from
the second quarter of 2023. The preparation to the certification and qualification process for both started from
April 2023. Lastly, HR has been 100% compliant to employee financial well-being in EPF & ESI Contributions paid
on time.

Over the past year, in view of the Group’s changes in product portfolio and excess capacity, we have undertaken
initiatives to restructure our business operations with the intention of diversification, improving utilisation and
realising cost savings and remaining as an asset-light and lean group. These initiatives included the restructuring
the under performing parts of its manufacturing operations and disposing idle assets, moving production between
facilities (new business in Vietnam and India) and reducing the level of staff, realigning our business process and
reorganising our management, largely to align our capacity and infrastructure with current and anticipated



                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     31
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


customer demand. The employee size in China is also reduced due to business downturn but our goals are to retain
key talents for business transformation and maintain optimise headcount for more efficient operation.

Regarding R&D capability which is central to the competitiveness of the Group, the Group has built up its core
competence via establishing a global experienced R&D team with offices in PRC, Taiwan, India, and Vietnam to
support its significant opportunities for business growth (such as new technology and materials, and new
customers) by investing in R&D on top of its strong manufacturing and engineering capabilities to implement and
execute the corresponding R&D requirements of the Group’s customers. The Group has continued to devote
resources to enhance R&D competence and strives to reinvent productivity to empower people and organisations
to achieve an increased agility, streamline engineering processes, move faster and more efficiently, simplify its
organisation, and remain lean and optimise its cost structure. By encouraging employees to bring up innovation at
work, cooperating with customers on pioneer projects and supporting start-ups on manufacturing (or even with
equity investments), the Group has successfully accumulated relevant experiences on procurement, value and
design engineering and product development, quality management, production management, repair services, and
sales and marketing competence.

As of 31 December 2023, the Group had a total of 36,657 (31 December 2022: 44,055) employees. Total staff
costs incurred during the current period amounted to US$270 million (full-year 2022: US$371 million) and the
year-on-year decrease was mainly due to the optimisation and rightsizing of staff force according to business
needs.

The Group offers a comprehensive and competitive remuneration policy which is reviewed by the management on
a regular basis. In general, the Group’s merit-based remuneration policy rewards its employees for good
performance, contributions and productivity. The Group treats all employees equally and fairly, and evaluates
employee performance (including determining promotions and wage increments) objectively based on merit, ability,
and competence. To encourage employee retention, the Group has implemented annual bonuses, time-based/
performance-based incentives and other incentive programs. Employee retention is always a big challenge for all
corporations. In a highly competitive global economy and as product development and manufacture are both
complicated processes and require professionals and experts, retaining qualified and skilled key employees is
essential for the sustainable competitive advantage. Offering competitive compensation and benefits, favourable
working environment, broader customer reach, bigger scale in resources, training and job rotation coupling with
better career prospect across various products and programs and business lines are undertaken as actions for the
Group to increase the employee loyalty and retention rate. In particular, further to the Company’s circular as issued
and published on 13 April 2023 and the Company’s announcement dated 19 May 2023, the Company has
adopted a new share scheme (the “New Share Scheme”) and a new share option scheme (the “New Share Option
Scheme”) respectively on 19 May 2023 following the approval of its shareholders, pursuant to which (among other
things) the Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) may offer share awards or share options (as the
case may be) to the eligible employees of the Group upon and subject to the respective terms and conditions set
out therein (for a summary of the principal terms of the New Share Scheme and the New Share Option Scheme
respectively, please refer to the Company’s circular as issued and published on 13 April 2023). Both the New Share
Scheme and the New Share Option Scheme comply with the requirements of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.
Employees also enjoy insurance coverage provided by the Group. The emoluments payable to the directors of the
Company are determined by the Board from time to time with reference to the Directors’ Remuneration Policy of
the Company as amended from time to time (for details, please refer to the section headed “Remuneration
Committee — Directors’ Remuneration Policy” of the Company’s 2023 corporate governance report, forming part
of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report of the directors) as well as the recommendations of
the Company’s remuneration committee.



32     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


For more details about the Group’s key relationships with its employees, please refer to the section headed
“People-Oriented” of the Company’s separate 2023 ESG Report as issued and published simultaneously upon the
issuance and publication of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report of the directors.

Review of Results and Operations
Financial Performance
The financial KPIs (Key Performance Indicators) include year-on-year changes in sales, gross margins, net margin,
and return on equity. For peer analysis, as peers may have different histories, backgrounds, company goals, DNA,
business and growth strategies, growth drivers, customers, market dynamics, organisational culture, leadership, risk
profile and appetite, shareholder structure and background, business models (such as outsourcing or insourcing or
co-sourcing or nearshoring) and life cycle, client profile and base and mix, revenue and product mix (casing versus
system assembly and other non-handset businesses), product offerings, specific operating processes, operational
scale, product and service strategy, differentiation, positioning, and diversification, risk appetite, geographical
presence, business segments, market trends, pricing strategy and policy, geographical footprint, government
support, ESG compliance and promotion, tax incentives entitlement, competitive edges, core competencies, R&D
capabilities, asset utilisation, cash flow and position, creditworthiness, dividend policy, capital structure, and cost
structure, it may be difficult to make direct comparisons at the consolidated group account level.

Gross profit and gross margins are common financial KPIs for a manufacturing business, measuring how effectively
the company turns its revenue into profit. They reflect how much of its sales a company retains after paying the
upfront costs of producing the goods or services it sells. This metric serves as a great indicator of a company’s
financial health, revealing whether a business can pay its operating expenses while having funds left for growth. A
higher percentage of gross profit indicates a stronger ability to control the cost of sales and the quality of products,
which encompasses variable costs such as BOM cost, direct labor costs, variable manufacturing costs, overheads
and yields, and efficiency. This improvement in efficiency can enhance the contribution margin to cover fixed
overheads. Low utilisation results in unabsorbed fixed overheads. The more profitable the business, the greater the
funds available to cover operating expenses and ultimately pass on to the shareholders. Within a given company,
changes in gross margin over time provide useful insight into internal improvements in sales management, capacity
utilisation, supply chain and procurement management, efficiency optimisation, risk management, operation
management, inventory control, productivity, quality control, yield control, direct cost control, manufacturing
overheads control, or changes in pricing policies, activity levels, overall cost competitiveness, and the market
landscape.

Net profit and net profit margin are financial KPIs measuring earnings/losses resulting from subtracting operating
expenses and other gains and losses (such as equity investments fair value change), as well as tax and interest costs,
from gross profit earned. It shows the residual of all revenues and gains over all expenses and losses for the period.
This KPI assesses how well a company turns revenue into profits and is often regarded as the ultimate metric of
profitability — the “bottom line” — because it represents the profit remaining after deducting all operating and
non-operating costs, including taxes. It indicates how much of each dollar earned by the company translates into
profits, resulting in a net change in shareholders’ equity from the Company’s operations. It measures the ability to
control operating expenses, optimise tax and capital structure, and minimise other kinds of non-operating gains
and losses (such as foreign exchange gains and losses and equity investments fair value change). These factors
reflect on the profitability of a business and show how fast the company can grow in the long-term prospect.




                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     33
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Return on equity (ROE) is the ratio of net income against each unit of shareholder equity, indicating the capacity of
a business to use shareholders’ investments efficiently. It measures a company’s profitability and how much profit a
company generates for its shareholders. In other words, management often utilises it to measure how effectively
and efficiently a company uses the resources provided by its equity investors to create profits. The Return on Equity
ratio not only provides a measure of an organisation’s profitability but also its efficiency. A high or improving ROE
demonstrates to shareholders that their investments are being used to grow the business effectively.

In the first half of 2023, the Group recognised consolidated revenue of US$2,677 million, representing a decrease
of US$1,448 million or 35.1%, compared to US$4,125 million for the same period last year. In the second half of
2022, as capacity and production ramped up, pandemic-induced supply chain constraints that had been impacting
the market since 2021 eased. These constraints were no longer the most pressing issue, as component orders were
quickly cut, and suppliers started to be concerned about oversupply and inventory accumulation. The industry
shifted to a demand-constrained market, and end customers became even more price-sensitive. The latest models,
carrying a hefty price tag, became inaccessible to budget-conscious consumers who were only seeking affordable
handsets. By ‘price-conscious,’ we mean being sensitive to price increases and changing their behaviours (such as
changing brands, shopping around, not buying at all, etc.) when prices go up. Meanwhile, marketing budgets have
grown as competition intensifies. Brands now collaborate more with media outlets to reach consumers. The
increase in costs is passed on through higher retail pricing, putting pressure on consumers. There is a growing
perception that innovation in new models has slowed, often providing only incremental improvements, and
consumers are now keeping their smartphones for longer periods before considering an upgrade. The allure of
frequent upgrades, which was more prevalent in previous years, has diminished. This deceleration in the frequency
of upgrade cycles poses challenges for achieving continuous growth in smartphone sales.

Due to the drop in demand, many handset brands faced inventory accumulation challenges and struggled to clear
inventory since the third quarter of 2022. The year-on-year decline in global handset shipment statistics reflected
weaker market demand due to a higher cost of living, a deteriorating economy, a lengthier replacement cycle, and
a growing refurbished smartphone market. Companies are always looking for ways to price their products to stay
ahead of the competition. As the handset market becomes demand-constrained, the Group adopted a proactive
and aggressive business strategy, establishing a dedicated business development team to drive expansion into new
markets and seize growth opportunities. In the section headed “Geographical Segment” below of this report of
the directors, detailed explanations are provided on the year-on-year change in sales for individual customers.

In the year of 2023, although the world is gradually recovering from the crisis of COVID-19, its impact on the
business continues to persist and even expand. Customers, faced with supply chain disruptions during the previous
COVID-19 period, significantly increased their order demands to secure larger quantities and increased their
inventory levels to avoid stockout. This exaggerated demand does not stem from genuine market demand growth.
As the supply chain returned to normal, customers were faced with excessive inventory, resulting in a reduction,
postponement, or even cancellation of new orders. In light of this challenge, the Group is actively monitoring
market sales trends in real-time, closely communicating with customers to assess the confidence and accuracy of
demand forecasts, shortening material procurement lead times, and ensuring prudent and timely inventory
management to avoid excessive or premature stocking that may lead to idle resources and financial burden. In
order to consume the excess inventory, customers have also started to cancel or postpone the new product Request
for Proposal (RFP) processes. In response, the Group continues to actively participate in the new RFP proposals from
existing customers and is also exploring opportunities to develop relationships with new customers and expand its




34     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


product lines. In addition, the global economic challenges arising from high inflation and interest rates, depreciation
in emerging market currencies and resulting fluctuation in consumer demand, resulting in severe economic
instability, were more challenging to the Group’s operations.

The Asia segment is the largest geographical segment of the Group. China’s economy rebounded in 2023 shortly
after the Chinese Government dismantled its heavy-handed COVID-19 controls in December 2022, lifting
businesses and consumers out of crippling pandemic disruptions. China’s better-than-expected GDP growth in the
first quarter was spearheaded by a sharp rebound in consumer spending, especially in services, non-durable goods,
and semi-durable goods. This rebound, however, seemed largely self-contained, and some analysts believed that
the strong growth reported in the first quarter was the product of the ‘backloading’ of economic activity from the
fourth quarter of 2022, which was weighed down by pandemic restrictions and then a chaotic reopening. Weak
goods imports were evidence that the strong headline growth number did not translate into wider regional
benefits, and headwinds from a global slowdown point to a bumpy ride ahead. A more than year-long sweeping
streak of global monetary policy tightening to rein in red-hot inflation dented world economic growth, leaving
many countries, including China, reliant on domestic demand to spur momentum. Vendors are passing on
inflationary component costs to users, which is dampening demand further. Heavy sales and promotions helped
deplete existing inventory rather than drive shipment growth.

On top of the OEM business, to face the challenges posed by formidable competition from ODM enterprises, the
Group has to devote resources and effort on innovative design solutions, efficient supply chain and cost
management, and the enhancement of our MVA. To navigate the highly competitive landscape, we have to align
our strategies with market demands, prioritise operational excellence, and capitalise on our strengths. The Group
strived to invest in R&D and improve efficiency and maintain a good and stable yield by enhancing production
automation, asset utilisation and capacity, quality assurance and quality control, and tighter control on
manufacturing overheads and capital expenditure. The Group’s automation engineering team continued to increase
automation coverage across different manufacturing processes to diminish the impact of rising labour costs and
enhance efficiency. The Group’s dedicated and professional procurement team were leveraged to sourcing
materials with competitive prices. Furthermore, there was continuous strong support from the Hon Hai Technology
Group to offer in scale, component support and stable supply of key components and a vertically integrated supply
chain that allows for production synergies. The Group can leverage on the Hon Hai Technology Group’s resources,
giving the Group more flexibility in outsourcing capacity. By doing so, we aim to enhance our competitiveness,
seize growth opportunities, and successfully navigate the dynamic business environment. By closely monitoring the
economic indicators and making informed decisions, we aim to position our business for long-term success and
capitalise on any opportunities that may arise. Factors such as market dynamics, policy changes, and other
economic variables will continue to influence the overall business environment. We remain vigilant and adaptable
to these changes, ensuring that our strategies are aligned with the evolving market conditions and increase sales
and shipments as low asset utilisation resulted in idle costs and assets, and unabsorbed overheads and the risk of
the need to book additional asset impairment loss increased.

Profit and Loss account
The Group recognised a consolidated revenue of US$6,446 million in the current period, representing a decrease of
US$2,948 million or 31.4%, when compared to US$9,394 million for the same period last year. The reasons for the
year-on-year decline in sales are stated above. Consumer demand continues to face a very challenging environment
amid the global economic slowdown in 2023. The global consumer electronics market is adversely affected by
various headwinds, including prolonged geopolitical uncertainty, a slowdown in the global economy, slow recovery,



                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     35
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


cost-of-living crisis, reduced propensity to spend, rapid increase in budget-minded users, limited visibility,
inflationary pressure, high interest rates and cost of borrowing, commoditisation, and increasing life cycle of smart
phones. Low and middle-income groups have continued to be materially impacted by inflation, and many have
reduced non-essential spending. Net loss attributable to owners of the Company for the current period was
US$120.7 million, as compared to net loss attributable to the owners of the Company of US$72.1 million for the
corresponding period last year. The attributable factors are:

(I)   Decline in gross profit: The Group recognised a gross profit of US$110 million in current period, representing
      an decrease of US$82 million when compared to US$192 million for the same period last year. Gross profit
      margin for the current period was 1.70%, compared to 2.04% for the same period last year and the
      deterioration in gross profit margin was due to the significant drop in the sales revenue and contribution
      margin as a result of sluggish handset demand and keen competition and huge margin erosion pressure and
      unabsorbed overheads resulted from comparatively low asset utilisation. The gross margin of both the system
      assembly business and casing business is also razor-thin due to intensifying competition triggered by excess
      capacity in the market. Both system assembly and casing factories face strict competition from peers as the
      production process is mature and well-adopted by competitors. As visibility is shortened, orders become more
      low-volume, reducing revenue per SMT line and increasing SG&A expenses. Higher-mix manufacturing
      requires frequent reconfiguring of SMT lines for shorter production runs. SMT lines run slower to assure
      quality, inventory must be frequently restocked, and increased testing is required. The larger EMS companies
      are highly leveraging resources by taking orders for extended production runs where they can manufacture in
      low-labor-cost regions like Asia. The shrinking of profit margin and huge margin erosion pressure continue to
      be common industry norms.

      In the competitive EMS industry with excess capacity, profit margins were razor-thin and relatively low as
      component prices were on average and key focus lay on the labour costs and capacity utilisation and yield
      and cost control. To meet its customers’ cost expectations, it must lean out all processes. Most of the orders
      are low margin and push adaptable EMS companies to seek profit by increasing productivity and more
      effectively managing their supply chains. Cost savings are nearly always passed along to customers. The
      market was pessimistic for 2023 demand and the challenging conditions that the Group faced since late 2017
      continued into 2023 and most channels were still filled with inventory and peers had to fight for the
      remaining very limited demands if existing inventory could not cover. A lot of peers are working on
      specialization to stand out and gain market share, and they are also looking at vertical integration to control
      their supply chains better. The competition pressure becomes growingly huge and the difficult operational
      environment that the Group operates and faces prevail and there is continued pressure on the Group’s gross
      margins generally and this was aggravated by the sluggish demand due to prolonged phone replacement as a
      result of lack of upgrades and the threat of soaring inflation and interest rate hikes and persistent existence of
      surplus capacity in the market and sales recovery of the Group was constrained, including constantly
      becoming and remaining more cost-efficient in order to reduce the losses. As the margins of the customers
      were reduced, they were prone to cut the prices of the handsets we sold to them and margin erosion
      pressure on us was extremely high. The margin compression risk continues as sales growth is driven by the
      system assembly business, which has very low gross margin. The casing factories have been facing strictest
      competition as the production process is mature and well adopted by competitors, resulting in the shrinking
      profit margin and erosion pressure is extremely high and these becomes an industry norm. In China, the
      general casing manufacturing industry faced excess production capacity and crowded competition, and the
      gross margin of the Group’s casing business continues to face huge pressure. The low entry barrier and



36     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


  availability of excess manufacturing capacity at many of our competitors and the Group created intense
  pricing and competitive pressure on the EMS industry as a whole and a majority of the market participants
  faced challenges with respect to the operating margin. China peers were particularly very cost competitive
  and the Group had to relocate some of the productions to India and Vietnam to capitalize on the huge
  domestic market there. In addition, some customers, who adopted the China Plus One policy, also asked the
  Group to move some of the manufacturing activities overseas in order to reduce the reliance on China supply
  chain. It is well acknowledged that some countries have approached mobile phone market saturation and
  demand dropped and cut-throat competition continues to increase and prices continue to be driven down to
  gain competitive edge and a majority of the market participants face challenges with respect to the shrinking
  operating margin in the EMS industry and EMS providers today must survive year-to-year on razor-thin profit
  margins and do whatever is necessary to survive. As market volatility and uncertainties increased dramatically
  and handset replacement cycle lengthened and demand dropped significantly, all these unfavourable factors
  intensified the competition of the global handset market and our customers were more cautious in their
  product roadmap and procurement planning, inventory control, cash flow management and demand forward
  visibility was greatly shortened.

  At the same time, the Group had been aggressive in getting more orders in order to optimise asset utilisation
  and adopted a proactive and aggressive business strategy and established a dedicated business development
  team to pursue new and exciting frontiers and drive expansion into new markets and seize growth
  opportunities. There is a need to optimise our workforce utilisation rate, which is affected by a number of
  factors, including hiring of new employees, reliable forecast and projection of demand for our products and
  services, and thereby maintaining an appropriate workforce in each of our operating sites, management of
  attrition, training and development and matching the skill sets of our employees to the needs of the
  customers and industry are very important. The average cost of manufacturing labour in China is higher than
  neighboring countries like India and Vietnam and the adoption of “China Plus One” policy to mitigate supply
  chain risk of China prompted manufacturers to move out of China. The Group had been putting effort on
  continuous development and penetration of the Chinese and international brand customers, expanding
  production capacity in India and Vietnam and R&D and ODM capability in India and increasing local sourcing
  in India. The markets with fastest-growing demand were mostly developing countries such as India and Africa
  where the average income level was low and people tended to purchase much affordable mobile phones,
  which were low-end and mid-end models with lower margins. In particular, strong USD affected the
  purchasing power of the people and they became more price-sensitive and curtailed non-essential and
  discretionary spending and kept more cash. In order to meet the shift in consumer market and customers’
  demands, the Group accepted more low-end devices manufacturing orders which contributed to profit
  erosion too. Feature phone sales to penetrating the smartphone sector penetrating the smartphone sector
  downside pressure as high inflationary rates affected HMD sales of low end feature phones in African
  continent and India. Elevated inflation rates erode consumer purchasing power and afford ability,
  consequently dampening the demand for feature phones. We also capped the trade receivable amount to
  control risks. In this inflationary environment, it is crucial for the Group to prioritise effective cost management
  and continuously seek avenues for optimising operational efficiency. By identifying opportunities for process
  improvements and embracing innovative strategies, we put effort to mitigate the impact of rising costs and
  adapt to the evolving market dynamics. These proactive measures will maintain the Group’s competitive
  position amidst the challenges posed by inflation.




                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      37
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


       While the Group continues to closely monitor the rapidly-changing and competitive handset market and
       conditions and the Group’s capacity and asset utilisation, the Group has continued to carry out rightsizing/
       restructuring activities, including the optimization of staff force and disposal and/or liquidation of under-
       utilised/depreciated/obsolete assets. In view of the Group’s changes in product portfolio and excess capacity,
       in 2020, the Group refined its approach and took necessary steps to become an asset-light corporate group
       and impaired and/or wrote off various under-utilised/obsolete assets of US$42.7 million and the restructuring
       continued into 2021 and 2022 as it took time to carry out the downsizing and restructuring works and
       streamline the operations. Thanks to the rightsizing/restructuring carried out in the past couple of years, the
       Group becomes leaner and the company-wide cost trimming initiative and headcount cut resulted in annual
       savings in expenses which helped reduce costs and overheads in the long run. Despite of the Group’s
       continuous effort to dispose of under-utilised/obsolete/depreciated assets in the past years, with the
       protracted Ukraine war and slow down of global economy which weakened handset demand, capacity and
       asset utilisation of the Group continued to be bad and disappointing and the idle costs and unabsorbed
       overheads were still high. People were also heavy burdens on the Group. The global economy slowdown
       continued to affect the recovery path of the Group seriously and demand sluggishness greatly reduced room
       for improving asset utilisation and capacity optimisation and there was a desperate need to optimise
       operations’ workforce utilisation. To effectively address these challenges, we took decisive action in the first
       quarter of 2023 to reduce operational costs and enhance organisational efficiency. This included
       implementing a restructuring initiative in Northern China with the aim of retaining only top talent within the
       organisation to ensure a streamlined and high-performing workforce and prioritise spending related to future
       business. These rightsizing/restructuring activities have given rise to, among others: (a) severance payments,
       booked as general and administrative (“G&A”) expenses, upon the optimisation of staff force, totaling
       US$26.3 million for the current period, compared to a total of US$17 million for the year ended 31 December
       2022; and (b) gains from asset disposals, write-off, and impairment of US$0.1 million for the current period,
       compared to total losses of US$2.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. We will continue to review
       and monitor external market dynamics, the performance of the business, phone demand, and evaluate if
       there is a need to shut down loss-making/under performing operations and carry out restructuring activities.

(II)   Other income, gains, and losses for the current period were US$229.5 million, representing an increase of
       US$96.9 million from that for the same period last year.

       (i)   On 2 November 2022, the local government of Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, PRC, and Honxun
             Electrical Industry (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. (an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) entered
             into compensation agreements, under which the local authority resumed ownership of the land and
             properties. The gain on the disposal is recorded on the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss
             over the years according to the cancellation of land use rights and related certificates in relation to the
             properties. The details were disclosed in the Company’s discloseable transaction announcement dated 2
             November 2022. A before-tax gain on the disposal of US$78.5 million was recorded in the first half of
             2023 (Nil in the first half of 2022 and US$6.2 million in the second half of 2022). Furthermore, the
             Group made provision for compensations to the lessees and service providers of US$12.8 million in the
             current period. In addition, the Group entered into an agreement for the sale of land and buildings in
             Hungary on 7 July 2023 and also disposed of certain buildings in Beijing, as announced by the Company
             on 7 June 2023, generating a gain on disposal of US$8.7 million and US$14.3 million, respectively.




38       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        (ii)    There was a year-on-year decrease in service income by US$14 million (for the year ended 31 December
                2023: US$11 million, for the year ended 31 December 2022: US$25 million) due to a decrease in the
                product development service provided to customers. Regarding interest income, as the group held more
                USD and after the FED continuously raised the interest rate, the USD interest rate was much higher than
                that of Renminbi (“RMB”), and the interest income increased by US$8.4 million (for the year ended 31
                December 2023: US$52.5 million, for the year ended 31 December 2022: US$44.1 million).

        (iii)   There was also a year-on-year decrease in foreign exchange gain by US$7.7 million (for the year ended
                31 December 2023: gain of US$5.5 million, for the year ended 31 December 2022: gain of US$13.2
                million). In the first half of 2022, the group experienced a foreign exchange gain of US$13.6 million,
                due to its holding of USD assets and the appreciation of USD during the period. On 7 December 2022,
                the Chinese Government lifted zero-COVID controls and the RMB appreciated against USD in the first
                quarter of 2023 and the Group recorded foreign exchange loss. But the economic recovery lacked
                momentum and FED continued to raise interest rates to fight inflation, the RMB turned to depreciate
                against USD in the second quarter of 2023. As a whole, during the current period, the decrease in
                foreign exchange gain is mainly due to the decrease in foreign exchange gain generated on the forward
                contracts entered into by the Group and the decrease in foreign exchange revaluation gain of USD-
                denominated trade receivables balance as the appreciation of USD against RMB was weaken in 2023
                comparing to 2022. Exchange rates of RMB and USD will continue to be volatile and the Group will
                continue to maintain its consistent hedging strategy to minimise foreign exchange exposure caused by
                exchange rate volatility.

(III)   There was an increase in expected credit loss allowance of US$53.3 million, mainly due to the long overdue
        trade receivables balance of HMD. As explained, market continued to be extremely tough and global
        economic and political uncertainties, market volatility, and reduction in end market demand seriously affected
        the business and cash position of some of the Company’s customer and collectively increased the credit risk
        and there was a need for the Group to make adequate expected credit loss allowances in the book to reflect
        the actual and potential collection risks of these customers. Pursuant to IFRS 9, the Group performs
        impairment assessment on trade receivables under expected credit loss model. For customer with increasing
        credit risk, the management appointed an independent valuer to assist in the estimation of the expected
        credit loss allowance of the trade receivables due from such customer by determining an appropriate
        probability of default rate, forward looking adjustments and estimated loss given default (LGD) rate. LGD
        denotes the share of losses, i.e. the actual receivables loss in the event of customer default, or what is
        expected to be irrecoverable from among the assets in insolvency proceedings. The Group uses a provision
        matrix to calculate expected credit loss allowances for trade receivables which are not credit-impaired or with
        increasing credit risk. The provision matrix is based on debtor’s aging of groups of various debtors that have
        similar loss patterns. The provision rate is based on the Group’s historical observed default rates taking into
        consideration of forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable and available without undue
        costs or effort. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the
        forward-looking information are considered. In light of the high uncertainties of the global economy and
        weak consumption power and handset market and geo-political tensions, the Group reassessed the expected
        credit loss allowances by increasing the expected credit loss percentage for overdue trade receivables during
        the period. During the current period, based on the provision matrix and the assessment, the Group provided
        net impairment loss under expected credit loss model of US$133.8 million (2022: US$80.5 million) and the
        accumulated amount of expected credit loss allowance made as at 31 December 2023 was US$225.3 million.



                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     39
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(IV) The Group took aggressive steps to minimise operating expenses, headcount, and control capital expenditures
     to better align with the future needs of the business. Regarding operating expenses, for the current period, it
     was US$219 million, compared to US$263 million for the same period last year. For selling expenses, the
     decrease of US$4 million was mainly due to a reduction in sampling fees and customer duty with a decline in
     sales, and staff cost savings caused by prior restructuring/rightsizing initiatives. For G&A expenses, the
     decrease of US$23 million was mainly because of staff cost savings of US$13 million resulted from the prior
     optimisation of G&A headcount, service fees payment being reduced by US$9 million after restructuring, and
     no share options expenses of BFIH as an acceleration of vesting under IFRS 2 upon the cancellation of BFIH’s
     share options in the current year (first half of 2022: US$9.5 million). The total decrease was partly offset by
     the increase of severance payment of US$9.3 million (2023: US$26.3 million; 2022: US$17 million) during the
     current year. For R&D expenses, the decrease of US$17 million was due to reduced payment of professional
     service fee and molding expenses for development of handsets and a decrease in staff cost after restructuring/
     rightsizing. The Group will continue to focus on prioritising spending related to future business and avoiding
     cost overruns.

(V)   Regarding interest expenses, since 2022, the FED has raised rates 11 times thus far to a range of 5.25% to
      5.5%, a 22-year high. Affected by these aggressive interest rate hikes, inflation eased over the past year but
      still remained at a high level compared to the FED’s target rate of 2%, indicating the presence of ongoing
      inflation pressures. In the current period, although we borrowed less USD, yet U.S. interest rate increased
      dramatically, and the interest rate during current period was high compared to the interest rate in the first
      half of 2022 and interest expenses increased. As a whole, there was a decrease in net interest income for the
      Group during the current period. Interest income and interest expenses for the year ended 31 December
      2023 were US$52.5 million and US$60.6 million, respectively, and net interest expense was US$8.1 million. In
      contrast, the interest income and interest expenses for the same period in 2022 were US$44.1 million and
      US$29.6 million, respectively, and net interest income was US$14.5 million.

(VI) There was also a year-on-year increase in the share of losses of the Group’s loss-making associates and joint
     venture, which were accounted for using the equity method in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
     During the current period, the share of losses of the Group’s associates and joint venture amounted to
     US$0.3 million and US$20.2 million, respectively (compared with losses of US$3.1 million and US$4.4 million
     for the same period in 2022). The share of loss of the joint venture includes the share of impairment of
     goodwill of US$16.2 million, as the joint venture suffered a loss due to hardware sales facing strong
     headwinds, and the EV market in mainland China is becoming hyper-competitive, impacting both the volume
     and selling price. The margin erosion pressure is becoming increasingly high.

(VII) Income tax expenses during the current period was US$20.9 million, when compared to income tax expenses
      of US$12.5 million for the same period of 2022 and the year-on-year increase was mainly due to the US$8.7
      million income tax expenses recognised on the gain of disposal of land and the properties of Honxun
      mentioned above.

Despite most of the world’s major economies having re-opened, there are still many other challenges and it needs
time for the Group to turn around. China, the world’s second-largest economy, is beset by a series of other crises,
from a debt-laden property sector to flagging consumer confidence, global inflation, the threat of recession
elsewhere and geopolitical tensions with the U.S.




40     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


  As demand is weak and the market is growingly saturated and macro-economics and geo-political landscape
  are tough and dynamic and volatile, a lot of uncertainties will continue to affect our performance and our
  current/past operating results and earnings/losses may not be indicative of our future operating results and
  earnings/losses and risk profile and quarterly performances. It is also too complex for longer term forecast to
  last and hold, the Group remains vigilant to the challenges which will unfold over time and will be prepared
  and reacts to the best of its capacity and makes business decision of terminating loss making operations and
  reducing headcount in a decisive manner.

  On the basis of a preliminary review of the Group’s latest unaudited management accounts and other
  information currently available, the Company currently expects that: (a) the Group’s financial resources
  (including cash, cash flow, banking facilities and liquidity positions) and working capital remain sufficient to
  finance its continuing operations and capital commitments; (b) the Group would have sufficient funds to
  satisfy its working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the forthcoming 18-month period; and (c)
  no significant events nor circumstances might adversely affect the Group’s ability to fulfill its financial
  obligations or meet its debt covenants in a material respect. However, to seek to ensure that the Group will
  maintain that, and given the significant decline in market demand and slowdown of economy and Ukraine
  warfare and high inflation and strong USD and interest rate hikes, the Group has continued to focus on
  proactive measures to control overall costs and operating expenses and improve yield and efficiency, and to
  seek to ease pressure on margin erosion, while at the same time working closely with customers to fulfill their
  demand at a reasonable cost in a timely manner amidst fierce market competition and build up business
  development capability, and with suppliers to secure stable supply of materials and components. Support of
  local government is of equal importance. It is the Group’s business strategy to become more asset-light and
  lean, and accordingly, the Group has continued its regular review of the need to carry out downsizing/
  restructuring of the under-performing/loss-making parts of its manufacturing operations, headcount
  reduction and has generally suspended capital expenditure on non-critical investments and/or capital assets
  and has also got rid of its obsolete, depreciated and under-utilised assets. Utilisation will continue to be a
  burden and can only be improved gradually when the market ultimately picks up momentum. The Company
  will continue to closely monitor the situation and asset utilisation, and where it considers necessary, will
  implement further appropriate measures like carrying out further rightsizing and restructuring activities which
  can improve utilisation and realise cost savings. The Company has been working hard and doing everything
  that it reasonably can to improve its performance through these long-lasting challenging times. As a whole,
  there is a continuous need to drive for better internal operational efficiency and excellence of manufacturing
  processes, testing processes, inventory and supply chain management, quality management and capital
  expenditure control. There is also a need to improve yield to lower manufacturing costs, conduct the
  benchmarking of cost leaders’ processes and costs of external EMS to improve the competitiveness of the
  Group’s manufacturing costs, yield, efficiency and core competence. It is also the long term commitment of
  the Group to invest in R&D competence building and business development capability. In conclusion, good
  vendor management, supply chain management, manufacturing management, business control management,
  environment protection, quality management, corporate governance, order fulfillment and inventory
  management are critical to ensure cost efficient operations on a global basis. The Company will keep matters
  under close review as 2024 progresses.

  During the current period, ROE representing the amount of net income returned as a percentage of
  shareholders’ equity, which measures a Company’s profitability by revealing how successfully a company
  utilises the resources provided by its equity investors and the Company’s accumulated profits in generating



                                                                             A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     41
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     income was 7.7% negative, when compared with the ROE for the same period last year of 4% negative. The
     ROE declined as a result of increased loss making.

     Basic loss per share for the current period was US1.52 cents.

Dividends
The Company has adopted the following dividend policy, aiming to enhance transparency and facilitate its
shareholders and potential investors in making more informed investment decisions. The form, frequency, and
amount of dividends to be declared each year, along with the dividend pay-out ratio, will be dependent upon the
Group’s business outlook and strategy, financial performance, cash flow generated from operations, projected
working capital, capital structure, future expansion plans, capital expenditure and requirements, cash position, and
other relevant factors that the Board may from time to time deem appropriate.

The performance of the Group has been volatile in the past couple of years, with economic slowdown, a drop in
handset demand, U.S. ban, geopolitical tensions, soaring inflation, interest rate hikes, and a strong USD leading to
uncertainties for the coming periods. The Group needs time to recover (please refer to the section headed “Outlook
and Industry Dynamics” below of this report of the directors) and to maintain a healthy capital structure. Therefore,
the Company will continue to closely monitor the situation, and when it considers necessary, will adjust and/or
enhance its dividend policy, as appropriate.

On 7 March 2024, the Board resolved not to recommend the payment of a final dividend for the current period.

On 22 December 2021, the Company announced that the Company proposed to spin-off and separately list the
equity shares of BFIH, its Indian subsidiary which is one of the largest Electronics Manufacturing Services providers
in India, on BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”), which are the two main
stock exchanges in India (the “Proposed Spin-off”). In that announcement, the Company also announced that the
Stock Exchange had confirmed that the Company might proceed with the Proposed Spin-off pursuant to Practice
Note 15 of the Listing Rules and that BFIH had filed its draft red herring prospectus in relation to the Proposed Spin-
off with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), BSE and NSE. To give due regard to the interests of
the shareholders of the Company by allowing them to directly benefit from the Proposed Spin-off (and taking into
account that the Company would not be able to provide its shareholders with an assured entitlement to the equity
shares of BFIH pursuant to the Proposed Spin-off due to the legal restrictions and practical difficulties involved) and
subject to the Proposed Spin-off being completed, the Company proposed to pay a special cash dividend to the
shareholders of the Company of an aggregate amount which would not be less than 40% of the net proceeds to
be received by the Company from the sale of existing equity shares in BFIH pursuant to the Proposed Spin-off.

As noted in the Company’s announcement dated 20 October 2022, in view of the market conditions, the Company
has decided to delay the timetable for the Proposed Spin-off and the Company intends to continue to pursue the
Proposed Spin-off when market conditions improve.

Further to the Company’s announcement dated 20 October 2022, on 12 May 2023, the Company announced
that, in view of the market conditions since then, BFIH has decided to further delay the timetable for its Proposed
Spin-off, which accordingly will not be open for subscription by 9 June 2023, being the last date on which the
Proposed Spin-off can be opened for subscription according to the final observations received from SEBI on 10 June
2022. The Company still considers that the Proposed Spin-off (if it proceeds) will be commercially beneficial to the



42     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Company and BFIH and the Company intends to continue to pursue the Proposed Spin-off when market conditions
improve.

Accordingly, if the Proposed Spin-off proceeds, details of the special cash dividend, including the amount and
timing of payment, will be announced by the Company in due course.

Meanwhile, as noted in the above announcements of the Company, shareholders and potential investors of the
Company should note that the Proposed Spin-off is subject to, among other things, the approvals from the relevant
regulators in India, market conditions and other factors, and accordingly, there is no assurance that the Proposed
Spin-off and the proposed payment of a special cash dividend by the Company following the completion of the
Proposed Spin-off will take place or as to when it may take place.

Diversification
The Group has been engaged in 5G, IoV (Internet of Vehicles) and AI (Artificial Intelligence) since 2019 for building
up the Internet and the mobile ecosystem, actively expanding the Group’s participation in the relevant product and
service segments of the 5G, IoV and AI businesses through the utilisation of the Group’s expertise and experience
and core competencies in providing its innovative software design and hardware development services as well as
wireless communication and information exchange technologies in support of the development of such business
segments together with ancillary networks and ecosystem. At the end of December 2021, the Mobile Drive Group
(“Mobile Drive”) previously wholly-owned by the Group has become jointly owned by the Group and Stellantis N.V.
(“Stellantis”), one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider, combining with wide resource and
solid experience from both sides, Mobile Drive leveraged its expertise in wireless communication and automotive
industry to focus on the software and hardware integration to develop a smart cockpit solution for in-vehicle
infotainment system. With that, Mobile Drive’s respective financial results, assets and liabilities have no longer been
consolidated into the Group’s financial statements and the share of profits/losses has been accounted for by equity
method in the Group’s consolidated financial statements. The Group has become the strongest anchor partner for
the joint venture to provide all the supports from the hardware manufacturing side. In 2021, Mobile Drive has
received the highest level of ISO 26262 certification, a recognition of unsurpassed R&D capabilities, marking a
significant milestone for the company. Strictly following the ISO 26262 specifications, Mobile Drive continues
providing high-quality, end-to-end Smart Cockpit and Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) solutions with
the highest functional safety and reliability to its customers. Extending the success of installing Mobile Drive’s ADAS
solution on LUXGEN’s car in 2022, Mobile Drive announced the first fully self-developed ADAS in Taiwan, which
has been in mass production and shipping in the mid of 2023. In collaboration with generative AI technology,
Mobile Drive has successfully achieved software-defined cars and has not only generated significant discussions
when its ADAS introduced late last year but has also received positive reviews from users after practical usage. The
Group leveraged some of its less utilised capacities and incorporated its past experience in information and
communications technology industry to actively expanded its portfolio of in-car electronic products. In addition to
the Telematics Box (T-BOX), which is equipped with the certified Emergency Call (eCall) system, other products
include the Central Control Unit (CCU), Zonal Control Unit (ZCU), Electronic Smart Mirrors (E-Mirrors), Power
Distribution Center (PDC), Smart Keyless Entry Systems, and various display screens and camera monitoring
products.

In addition, as business spans multiple end markets, the Group strives to provide its customers on a global basis
with not only product development and manufacturing support and solutions, but also vertical integration and a
full range of cost-competitive services including repair services on a global basis. Countries are now leading the



                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    43
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


charge on embracing a circular economy surrounding smartphones that encourages repairs, refurbishments and
upgrades instead of replacement. The Group’s After Market Services (AMS) division provides comprehensive
capabilities of return management and services and product repair/refurbish solutions in mobile device, drone and
smart consumer electronics devices in both North America and Great China markets. The capabilities from SUR
(Same Unit Repair), refurbishment, Fulfilment to Call Center Service…which will cover customer’s product warranty
policy and improve customer satisfaction. The service centers and hubs are proximity close to market and are
scalable with ability to ramp up in a rapid manner and end-to-end manufacturing capabilities allow the handling of
high-mix-low-volume customers. The Group believes that this strategy differentiates the Group from its competitors
and will help to support its customers’ products during their entire life cycles and reduce the lead time required to
ramp up the production and bring the products to the highly dynamic and competitive market and fosters long-
term business relationships with customers. Thanks to the growth of the drone market in the last two years, AMS
team has become one of the largest drone after-market-service providers in the field. The extensive global expertise
provided a solid foundation for serving existing and potential clients regardless of national boundaries.

Changes in Overseas Operation
For the past three decades, Western businesses have heavily invested in China due to its low labour and
manufacturing costs, as well as its growing consumer market. However, this has led to an over-reliance on China
for their business interests, which can be risky given geopolitical tensions and unforeseen disruptions. With a
backdrop of trade tensions and increasing production costs in China, zero-COVID-19 policy in the past years has
accelerated existing trends in encouraging multinational companies to adopt The “China Plus One” strategy to
reduce companies’ dependence on China and encourage companies to diversify their operations by expanding
outside of China and establish production hubs in other promising developing nations in Southeast Asia such as
India and Vietnam, while still maintaining a presence in the country. These nations, with its varied economic
strengths and strategic trade agreements, offers a compelling case for investment and they are not just an
alternative but a complementary addition to China, providing both market diversification and cost advantages. Even
before the pandemic, many companies were beginning to seek cost-competitive options to China to alleviate
supply chain risks. The vulnerabilities of what was believed to be a reliable Chinese manufacturing and distribution
process were exposed by the pandemic, and have contributed to the fast-track of a manufacturing shift to other
Asian countries. Closer economic ties between Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) countries and both
mainland China and the U.S. encourage production relocation to the ASEAN-six countries: Indonesia, Malaysia, the
Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam. The 10 ASEAN member states are becoming more integrated
economically with mainland China, while the ASEAN-six countries are also part of a nascent US-led partnership that
aims to counterbalance mainland China’s economic influence in the Indo-Pacific region. The China Plus One
strategy is not about choosing between China and another country; it’s about leveraging the strengths of multiple
hubs to build a more resilient, agile, and cost-effective supply chain. It’s a nuanced approach that requires careful
planning, deep regional understanding, and strategic execution. For ASEAN countries, this is not just an opportunity
but a call to action — to upgrade their capabilities, streamline regulations, and position themselves as indispensable
cogs in the new global supply chain machinery. Companies increasingly believe that diversifying the sourcing
portfolio from China will help address numerous challenges, whether in supply chain, logistics or availability of raw
materials. India and Southeast Asia in particular are undertaking initiatives and implementing policies that will
facilitate their emergence as the new hubs for manufacturing. Although China will remain a key player, it is
expected that many more businesses will move towards a China Plus One supply chain strategy in the future. To
promote new investments, Southeast Asian countries are increasing the ease of doing business, implementing tax
cuts, offering fiscal incentives for special economic zones/industrial parks, and boosting infrastructure spending.
With supply chains stretched thin and backups at ports in the first half of 2022 and China’s zero-COVID policy,



44     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


some of the Group’s customers have been asking to carry out some of the production out of China to reduce
reliance. On the other hand, near shoring is becoming growingly popular. Near shoring happens when a customer
decides to outsource work to companies that are less expensive and geographically closer to their end markets.
Near shoring is gaining speed and relevance as “deglobalisation” continues to take place, accelerated by growing
tensions between the U.S. and China. As China’s export dominance wanes, a massive opportunity is opening for
other emerging market countries to fill the void, including Mexico, India, and Southeast Asian nations. The Group
believes that maintaining a global footprint and expertise and regional capacity and capability are vital to reduce
obsolescence and maximise cost competitiveness whilst simultaneously retaining the capacity to supply products
and services around the world at comparable quality, and mitigating supply chain risk and improving overall
production efficiency and diversifying country risk whilst providing customers the ability to quickly adapt to external
ever-changing regional, trade and manufacturing dynamics. The customers are also growingly demanding a board
range of manufacturing solutions and services globally and at the same time transitioning to regional support in
local areas to take advantage of time to volume and time to market and specific customisation as this is key to their
winning in those markets. This expansion and customer and product diversification effort and vertical integration
strategy and service offerings (in particular ODM services) will continue with larger expansion in India with huge
domestic market which continues to grow in coming years. India, with its robust manufacturing sector and
favourable government policies, has emerged as a significant beneficiary of this strategy and India is quickly
becoming the “China Plus One” location, as supply chains move West, out of China. India also benefits from a cost
advantage with positive demographic tailwinds. India is also experiencing growth in manufacturing clusters on the
back of a production-linked scheme that offers revenue-linked subsidies. India also has attractive attributes such as
a diverse business landscape, a large pool of skilled and affordable workforce (particularly in the manufacturing
sector), competitive labour costs, huge domestic market with growing spending ability and robust GDP, large
English-speaking young population, strategic location, strong macroeconomic indicators, and as table political
environment and all these making India an attractive destination for businesses looking to reduce production costs.
Additionally, on the policy front, India’s favourable business environment, including the development of new
industrial corridors, initiatives including Make-in-India and FDI (Foreign Direct Investment) liberalisation have made
it easier for businesses to set up operations in India and helped bolster India’s position as a promising player in the
supply chain. By leveraging India’s strengths, global businesses can effectively mitigate risks and ensure business
continuity and resilient supply chains. At present, there is a lot of focus on Vietnam and India, as both countries are
critical economic zones for new supply chain connections and both Vietnam and India can complement each other
in the Indo-Pacific supply chain network.

(a)   India Operation
      Bharat FIH Limited (BFIH) is the Group’s legal entity in India and is one of the largest EMS provider in India
      which commenced operations in 2015 with a focus on the manufacturing of mobile phones serving the
      largest smartphone OEMs in India. BFIH’s aim is to maintain its position as the leading EMS provider in India
      and to become a leader in the country’s ODM market in the near term. In addition to BFIH’s well-established
      EMS services and capabilities, which mainly comprise manufacturing services, BFIH has been building the
      capabilities to provide OEMs with a comprehensive, vertically integrated “one-stop solution” comprising a
      range of ODM services including product design and development, component manufacturing and sourcing,
      logistics, and after-sales services. With expansion of service offerings, BFIH will be able to further reduce
      manufacturing costs, improve supply chain management, reduce inventory obsolescence and product
      fulfilment time, and meet their time-to-market, volume-to-market and time-to-money requirements.
      Mechanical parts and casings are key components of mobile phone and BFIH has also started mechanics
      services for feature phones years ago so that it can reduce the dependence on third party providers. It is also



                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     45
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     building the capabilities to provide mechanics services for smart phones and this can assist mobile phone
     OEMs with their time-to-market and time-to-volume requirements. In this regard, BFIH intends to deepen its
     localisation strategy to manufacture and source components and other inputs, thereby reducing dependence
     on imports and hedging against the risk of global supply instability.

     According to the International Data Corporation’s (IDC) Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker, India’s
     smartphone market faced a 1% YoY (year-over-year) shipments growth with 146 million units shipped in
     2023. This came on the heels of a challenging first half and a stronger than expected shipments with several
     new model launches in the last quarter of 2023. Most vendors chose to reduce their product prices and offer
     additional channel margins in the last quarter to better manage the inventory levels as consumer demand was
     still weak. India smartphone ASP achieved a record of US$255, rising 14% YoY in 2023, and also marked the
     third consecutive year of double-digit ASP growth. The high ASP can be attributed to the increasing share of
     the premium-segment (US$600+) from 6% in 2022 to 10% in 2023, along with a rapid uptake in 5G
     shipments to a record 55% share.

     Since March 2021, BFIH has been using its EMS experience and the ODM capabilities to diversify into new
     high growth industries other than mobile phones including telecom, mechanics, electric vehicles, televisions
     and hearables to reduce risk exposure from single segment of mobile phones and create further opportunities
     for revenue diversification. BFIH is keen to enhance its R&D capabilities and commence exports to attractive
     growth markets. BFIH’s collaborative relationships with industry-leading OEM customers are crucial to its
     success. BFIH intends to further empower its strategic business units to formulate strategies tailored to the
     needs of specific industries, and to deliver ODM solutions to its OEM customers on a modular and
     collaborative basis. Through such collaboration, BFIH deepens its relationships with its major customers by
     providing them with a wider range of vertically integrated service offerings, and integrating innovative
     solutions into their design processes and product development.

     BFIH conducts its operations across three campuses based in the states of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu in
     India, each of which integrates manufacturing, warehousing, logistics and accommodation facilities. Its
     campuses comprise an aggregate of approximately 90+ production lines consisting of surface mount
     technology (SMT) lines, full product assembly lines and sub-assembly mechanics lines. Its campuses are staffed
     with a workforce of over 12,000 of whom approximately 82% are women. BFIH’s operations are enhanced
     by its product R&D teams who operate at its R&D centre based at the Indian Institute of Technology (Madras)
     Research Park. BFIH’s R&D capabilities enable it to offer customers innovative EMS and ODM solutions, and
     also provide technological solutions to increase operational and cost efficiencies in its own processes.

     BFIH is going to invest further in its R&D capabilities, which are integral to its vertical integration strategy and
     its ability to offer OEMs a broad range of services across the ODM value chain. BFIH is focusing on building
     design and product development capabilities, which will enable it to become involved at an early stage in its
     OEM customers’ product lifecycle and position it to capture other parts of the ODM value chain. In
     furtherance of its R&D strategy, BFIH continues to deploy and its localisation program and recruits a number
     of hardware, mechanical, industrial and software design engineers, with the aim of building a strong local
     product design and development team who will enhance the capabilities of its existing R&D resources. BFIH
     R&D center offers product design and development services catering to segments including smartphones, IoT
     (Internet of Things), network infrastructure, EV sub-systems and smart TV. R&D skills of BFIH include industrial
     and UI/UX (User Interface/User Experience) design, mechanical design, hardware design and software and



46    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


  firmware design. For industrial and UI/UX Design, it aims to be creative differentiator with intuitive UI/UX,
  product look and feel according to Indian/global customer taste and focuses on innovative, creative ideas and
  execution. For mechanical design, BFIH focuses on creating robust design, experiment with modular concepts
  with emphasis on cost optimisation, innovation and execution. The mission is to offer best-in-class quality and
  reliability of the entire product that BFIH designs. For hardware design, BFIH creates robust hardware design
  which are aligned with customer usage behaviour and closely coordinated with chipset manufacturers and all
  designs focus on cost competitiveness, quality and reliability of product. For firmware and software design,
  BFIH aims to leverage abundant Indian IT skills to improve the performance and reliability of products and
  customises Android for auto application and develop telematics as per OEM requirements.

  Rising Stars Hi-tech Private Limited (RSHT), a wholly-owned subsidiary of BFIH, was incorporated in 2021. It is
  an Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) company whose principal business includes manufacturing of
  Television, Electric vehicles, Telecom, IT hardware devices and other electronic parts and components.
  Currently, all Telecom business is processed under RSHT while all future IT Hardware business shall also be
  processed under it. RSHT is also shortlisted under PLI schemes for the categories of Telecom and IT Hardware,
  and is expected to receive Telecom scheme incentives in the near term.

  The recruitment, training, talent development and retention of skilled and experienced management and
  employees is essential to enable BFIH to deliver high quality services to its customers. BFIH continues to
  provide its workforce with training and development programmes, including external vocational and skills
  training. As part of its ESG initiatives, BFIH will continue to recruit and promote women in its workforce. Its
  environmental initiatives include the integration of sustainable practices in its business by building green
  capabilities, managing water consumption and monitoring our CO2 (Carbon Dioxide) emissions. BFIH
  continues to adhere to the required standards of environmental compliance in its operations (including ISO
  14001:2015 certification for environmental compliance management systems), and strives to ensure ESG
  adherence across its business and supply chain, thereby also assisting its OEM customers and their ultimate
  consumers in their ESG objectives and aspirations.

  In order to expand business in the short-term, engagement with new age start-ups and e-commerce
  companies is being increased for electronics manufacturing. Cost and efficiency measures to compete vis-à-vis
  Vietnam and China are being ramped up. Business models are being relooked at to suit the overall interests
  of BFIH. Head count for ODM functions is being increased to develop capability to offer complete end-to-end
  design solution to the customers. For the long-term, the vision is to offer maximum value addition by
  fabricating PCBs and displays, make phones and other accessories such as TPU (Thermoplastic Polyurethane)
  covers, wearable shells and power adapters for laptops and switches.

  BFIH is keen to do export business as BFIH’s location in India provides it with a geographical advantage and
  enables it to deliver products to local markets in those regions quickly and at competitive cost. In past, it
  exported some feature phones to the Middle East and continues to explore opportunities to collaborate with
  mobile operators in Europe and the U.S., with a view to exporting mobile phones and hearables that they can
  offer to their network customers. In furtherance to its export strategy, BFIH has started exporting desktop
  monitors to Netherlands and shall soon be exporting to USA before the close of 2023. In addition to mobile
  phone and hearables exports, BFIH intends to explore other opportunities that global OEM customers present
  as part of their own strategy of geographic diversification in their manufacturing and supply chains, and
  which leverage on the geo-political advantages that India offers. BFIH expects that the Production Linked



                                                                             A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    47
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Incentives (PLIs) that it is eligible for, as well as certain duty remission policies for exports, will further enhance
      its export opportunities. It intends to explore the benefits of the Mobility in Harmony (MIH) Open EV alliance
      at the global level for product development and exports. The key short-term objective of the telecom and
      networking products BFIH is to gain market share in EMS services of this industry as well as explore
      opportunities to export our telecom and networking products. Currently, no component shortage is being
      witnessed which can have a material impact on BFIH’s operations. Rising inflation and a rise in input costs is
      weakening demand for mass market smartphone models and this remains as the biggest risk on business in
      2023.

      On 13 May 2023, the Group published an announcement which updated the market on the possible major
      transaction relating to the possible spin-off and separate listing of BFIH and reference was made to the
      Company’s announcement dated 20 October 2022 and the Company’s 2022 annual report as issued and
      published on 13 April 2023. BFIH received final observations from the Securities and Exchange Board of India
      (“SEBI”) on 10 June 2022, which meant that BFIH could file a red herring prospectus with SEBI and such other
      authorities as may be required and subsequently launched the proposed spin-off. In view of the market
      conditions since the date of the 20 October 2022 announcement, BFIH decided to further delay the timetable
      for its proposed spin-off, which accordingly would not be open for subscription by 9 June 2023, being the
      last date on which the proposed spin-off could be open for subscription according to the final observations
      received from SEBI. The Company still considers that the Proposed Spin-off (if it proceeds) will be commercially
      beneficial to the Company and the Company intends to continue to pursue the Proposed Spin-off when
      market conditions improve. Shareholders and potential investors of the Company should note that the
      proposed spin-off is subject to, among other things, applicable laws and regulations, market conditions and
      other factors and accordingly, there is no assurance that the proposed spin-off will take place or as to when it
      may take place. Further announcement(s) will be made by the Company in respect of the proposed spin-off
      as and when appropriate.

(b)   Vietnam Operation
      Vietnam has been one of the world’s fastest growing emerging markets in the past decade, which is boosted
      by strong foreign direct investment inflows into its manufacturing sector. Encouraging foreign investment is a
      major policy of the Government of Vietnam and rapid growth of manufacturing exports and large new
      inflows of foreign direct investment have been important growth drivers for Vietnam. The outstanding feature
      that helps Vietnam to attract foreign investment is stable politics and social security. Vietnam has a favourable
      geographical position for trade with the world, being both a regional connection center and a gateway to
      penetrate economies in the western region of the Indochinese Peninsula. With a population of almost 100
      million people, Vietnam is a low-cost manufacturer with an abundant supply of qualified workforce with very
      competitive labour costs, making it an attractive hub for production. Many manufacturers in the global supply
      chain of major firms are gradually focusing on Vietnam and the demand for skilled labour keeps increasing. In
      addition, with 12 new free trade agreements, and Vietnam’s accession to the ASEAN (Association of
      Southeast Asian Nations), Economic Community (AEC), it is a good opportunity to connect Vietnam with the
      region’s market of more than 600 million people and world market. Vietnam’s institutions, laws have been
      gradually improved in association with integration, not only creating good conditions for investors to operate
      in the long-term, but also helping businesses participate in supply chains and favourable global value. Poor
      global economy and Ukraine-Russia war and high inflation in many import countries have affected
      manufacturing sector of Vietnam, especially in first half of 2023, many companies faced difficulties and had
      to cut headcounts. However, in 2023 Vietnam has successfully controlled inflation, Vietnam’s average



48     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     inflation increased by 3.25%, reaching the target set by the National Assembly of controlling inflation at
     4.5%. This is the 12th consecutive year that Vietnam has maintained a single-digit inflation level since high
     inflation in 2011, contributing to ensuring macroeconomic stability.

     There is a growing trend of electronics manufacturing migrating into Vietnam. This brings ample opportunities
     to our Vietnam site Fushan Technology (Vietnam) Limited Liability Company (a subsidiary of the Company,
     incorporated in Vietnam) (“Fushan”) to diversify its business as more and more customers are approaching
     Fushan with wide a range of products of different categories, from home appliances, feature phones and
     smart phones, car accessories, ICT (Information and Communications Technology), EV projects, tablets, etc.
     The business diversification route of Fushan started in early 2019, from manufacturing traditional mobile
     phones to more complicated smartphones, smart speakers and IoT modules. For further diversification and
     utilising the new opportunities, Fushan expanded its business licenses, acquired relevant processing
     certifications and placed further investment on training enhance and diversify the skills of its existing
     experienced workforce to ensure that Fushan can meet the product manufacturing and customer
     requirements. The factory also aims for further diversification of customer focus and operation efficiency
     elevation to increase its competitiveness to the next level. In 2022, Fushan started its own sales operation to
     capture local and international business opportunities and the factory has succeeded in receiving great and
     promising responses. Fushan has been leveraging its own strengths and seizing this opportunity to create
     another milestone.

     Up to this day, the continued tightening of monetary policies in most countries has had a significant impact
     on global businesses, economies, investments, and consumer activities. This has led to increased risks in the
     banking system, as well as in public and corporate debt. The Chinese economy is experiencing a slow recovery
     with numerous uncertainties. Moreover, high inflation rates in certain import markets affected. These factors
     led to Vietnam’s GDP growth only reaching 5.05%, lower than target by one percentage point but Vietnam
     is still in group of countries with high growth rates. In 2024, Vietnam targets economic growth of 6–6.5%
     while IMF forecasts Vietnam’s GDP growth will reach 5.8% in 2024 and 6.9% in 2025.

Geographical Segments (please refer to note 5 of “Revenue and Segment Information” to
the consolidated financial statements)
The Group determines operating segments based on reports reviewed by management for the purpose of
allocating resources to the segment and assessing its performance. Segment profit (loss) represents the gross profit
earned (loss incurred) by each segment, service income, and certain gains and losses (included in other income,
gains and losses), after deducting all selling expenses and impairment loss under the expected credit loss model,
net of reversal. The Group’s operations are organised into three operating segments based on the location of
customers, and segment profit (loss) represents the gross profit earned (loss incurred) by each segment, service
income, and certain gains and losses (included in other income, gains and losses), after deducting all selling
expenses and impairment loss under the expected credit loss model, net of reversal. Aligning with the Hon Hai
Technology Group strategies and adapting to the fast-changing consumer appetite for future technology demand,
the Group’s future business plan will focus on remaining lean and asset light, agile global business development
and competence building in non-phone areas leveraging the Group’s competitive advantages in
telecommunication, hardware/software integration mechanical/material and phone production expertise,
diversifying in terms of customer, products, and geography, being technologically advanced, and continually
monitoring market competition, macro-economic conditions, geo-political tensions, economic slowdown, market
demand, and credit and collection risks of customers. On the demand side, people are not only happy to use the
same device for longer, which has been the lasting trend for a few years now, but there is also continuous pressure


                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   49
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


from global economic uncertainty on one hand and the growing appeal of used devices on the other. The global
economy remained in a fragile state in 2023, with the impact of inflation lingering and the slow pace of economic
growth continuing to subdue demand for mobile phones, and consumers giving up replacement purchases. In
terms of device afford ability, premium phones will benefit from the polarisation of the handset market, as higher-
income groups of consumers will be less affected by the weaker economy, while customers in the low- and mid-
range part of the market are expected to become even more cost-conscious. Opposite to the consecutive decline of
new smartphone shipments, the used smartphone market continues to grow. In 2023, there were 309 million units
of used smartphones shipped, representing a 9.5% increase over 2022. The market for second-hand phones is
expected to grow with a much higher compound annual growth rate of 8.8% from 2022 to 2027 according to an
IDC report. As explained, the handset market now becomes demand-constrained, and the competition pressure
continues as the market slows down. OEMs and ODMs have to fight for the remaining very limited demands and
have better control over their inventory.

Asia Segment
The Group’s main regional markets in the Asia segment are Mainland China, India, Japan and Taiwan (Hon Hai)
and these markets continued to face significant difficulties during the period. Demand in China is set to remain
subdued as consumers ease back on how regularly they upgrade their smartphones. Weak demand and high
inventory caused customers to become more cautious and realign their focus on risk mitigation, drastically cutting
back orders for both feature phones and smartphones. The revenue of the Asia segment in the current period was
US$3,798 million, representing a decrease of US$1,999 million or 34.5% when compared to US$5,798 million for
the same period last year. The result for the current period was US$70 million, representing a decrease of US$38
million when compared with the result for the same period last year, and the decline was mainly due to the
decrease in shipments to customers (including Hon Hai) resulting from poor demand and a change in the
outsourcing strategy of one major customer who found new manufacturing partners in China and India. In India,
local competitors have become a serious threat to our India operation by passing on the PLI (Product Linked
Incentive) scheme benefit to this customer. For Sharp phone business, inflation in Japan and the devaluation of the
Japanese yen have led to the rise of domestic prices, and the willingness of terminal customers to change machines
is reduced. Sharp is actively looking for production partners outside of China to counterbalance the higher labor
costs of China. For the manufacturing of consumer electronic products for Hon Hai, the macro-economic
environment is not good, and consumer spending on electronic devices is still weak. The customer of HH for e-Book
and smart speakers has a lot of inventory on hand, and the inventory carrying cost is very high. It becomes more
conservative, controlling the budget, procurement volume, and inventory very tightly. Additionally, as the market is
stagnant, competitors of Hon Hai offer much more competitive prices and very aggressive investment.

According to IDC, the Asia-Pacific region, including Japan and China, continued to lead the global smartphone
market in 2023. Smartphone shipments in the Asia-Pacific region decreased by 4.1%, reaching 581 million units,
accounting for 49.9% of the total global smartphone shipments. Among them, smartphone shipments in China
decreased by 5.0% year-on-year to 271.3 million units in 2023. Although smartphone shipments in China turned
positive in the last quarter of 2023 due to the launch of new products and replenishment effects, smartphone
shipments in China in 2023 remained at the lowest level in a decade. Additionally, in India, smartphone shipments
increased slightly by 1% year-on-year to 146 million units in 2023, with a 11% increase in the second half of the
year, offsetting the significant decline of 10% in the first half. Shipments in the fourth quarter increased by 26%
due to the launch of several new models, exceeding expectations.




50     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


During the current period, the loss of sales to the above major customers accounted for the large year-on-year
decline in sales of the Asia segment. Despite these factors, the Asia segment remained the Group’s core
performance contributor in 2023. The decline in demand directly affected the utilisation of capacity and assets
(particularly land and buildings), and there was a need to continue downsizing and restructuring activities,
downsizing or terminating loss-making operations, and selling idle assets. During the period, the Group carried out
a large-scale redundancy action in Northern China to optimise the headcounts. The poor situation is anticipated to
continue into 2023, affecting the performance and recovery of the Asia segments in 2024.

Europe Segment
The recorded revenue of the Europe segment in the current period was US$1,051 million, representing a decrease
of US$101 million or 8.8% when compared to US$1,152 million for the same period last year. The recorded loss of
this segment was US$128 million, compared with the recorded loss of US$51 million for the same period last year,
and the decline was mainly due to a decrease in shipment resulting from continuous tight control on shipment to
HMD and the need to make additional expected credit loss allowance of US$137.8 million during the current year
for overdue trade receivables of HMD.

The worldwide feature phone market continued to decline. In emerging markets, the ongoing decline was primarily
the result of brand makers and mobile operators transitioning product portfolios away from feature phones to
affordable entry-level smartphones, affecting sales of HMD (a Finnish company) to these markets. The feature
phone market mainly consists of price-sensitive consumers in emerging countries like India, Africa, and Southeast
Asia, where network coverage is limited. However, as these emerging market governments invest in improving
network infrastructure, the feature phone market faces challenges such as the decreasing price of smartphones,
limited innovation in feature phones, and a growing consumer preference for smartphones. Projections indicate a
decrease in the global feature phone market revenue from US$10.6 billion in 2024 to US$8.7 billion in 2028, with
a compound annual growth rate of -4.95%. This has a significant impact on HMD, as it operates in a shrinking and
competitive feature phone market. This dynamic poses a risk to HMD’s market share and revenue.

The Group used to adopt a proactive approach and monitor and control outstanding trade receivables with HMD
and implemented risk control strategies and actions against HMD to mitigate the impact of its financial situation.
HMD’s unsuccessful fund raising in 2022, coupled with escalating overdue trade receivables, prompted the Group
to adopt an even more cautious approach. Starting from the second half of 2022, the Group ceased to accept new
Nokia-branded feature phone projects and only continued the production of in-the-market products (IMP) and
capped the trade receivable amount with HMD. As HMD has nearly used all the credit limit available, the balance of
trade credit became small, and we aligned shipment quantities with payment statuses, and HMD could only get the
shipment of phones upon paying an equivalent amount of cash. Since June 2023, on top of requesting HMD to
prepay before shipment, FIH has refrained from initiating new projects with HMD, except for a U.S. operator
project expected to conclude by June 2024. All other ongoing projects are slated to terminate shipments at the end
of March 2024. This underscores the evolving nature of our project timelines and the need for strategic
adjustments. In addition, our supply chain management planning has been adjusted to prioritise the shipment of
slow-moving component projects, mitigating the risk of surplus and obsolete inventory. All of above measures lead
to the year-on-year decline in sales of the Europe segment. Recognising the limited and diminished growth
opportunities in feature phones, FIH emphasises the importance of adopting new technologies/emerging
technology trends to innovate and enhance its products and services and moving away from the feature phone
market. This strategic shift aligns with FIH’s goal to position itself at the forefront of technological advancements,
emphasising the importance of adopting new technologies to innovate and enhance its products and services.



                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     51
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


On the other hand, one of the Group’s another major customers, which is a U.S.-based Internet customer with a
strong foothold in the States, expanded its sales in Europe and exhibited strong and encouraging growth. In spite
of the overall decrease in smartphone shipments in the European region, this major customer has expanded its
market reach by introducing its flagship hardware to additional European countries. The expansion partially offsets
the decline in sales to the HMD of Europe segment. According to a YouGov poll conducted in 2023 across 18
international markets, in general, European market tends to have lower proportions of consumers who are
conscious about mobile phone prices.

America Segment
For the America segment, core businesses include the selling of phones manufactured in China and Vietnam to a
U.S.-based Internet customer, and provision of services including reverse logistics, repair and refurbishment of
smartphone for OEMs and carriers, and electronic products after-market services by the Group’s entities located in
the U.S. and Mexico. Due to significantly dampened consumer demand, inflation, and economic uncertainties, the
recorded revenue of the Group’s America segment in the current period was US$1,597 million, representing a
decrease of US$848 million, or 34.7% when compared to US$2,445 million for the same period last year, and the
decline was directly led by the low consumer sentiment and weak demand. The result for the current period was
US$48 million, representing a decrease of US$23 million due to drop in volume when compared with result for the
same period last year.

A major customer of the Group is an established U.S.-based Internet company, with whom the Group has a long
history of cooperation. The Group provides comprehensive engineering and production services to deliver superior,
reliable, and trustworthy premium smartphones that meet the customer’s demand. To differentiate ourselves from
competitors, we collaborate with this customer from the NPI (New Program Introduction) stage and promptly ramp
up production to meet the customer’s time-to-market and time-to-volume strategies. We continuously develop
automation robot software, robot central control systems, and AI inspection algorithms to reduce labor dependency
and eliminate manual inconsistencies. In addition, we employ real-time big data analysis and visualisation tools to
improve yield and support the customer in all aspects of production. To mitigate the risk of concentration in a
particular region/country, we offer competitive geographical advantages and management excellence to this
customer. The pandemic situation has improved in the first half of 2023, and the supply chain returned to normal,
with no short-term risks of material shortages foreseen. This indicated a relatively stable supply of materials and
components. Given the external environment’s influence, the overall market conditions remain unfavorable, and
there was a slight decline in sales in 2023 compared to 2022, which could be attributed to market recession,
intensified competition, lower-than-anticipated demand, or other factors impacting business operations. In
summary, 2023 presents challenges such as a sluggish market and external uncertainties that have impacted the
performance. However, with the supply chain normalising and stabilised material supplies, we are better equipped
to tackle these challenges.

In the year 2023, although the world is gradually recovering from the crisis of COVID-19, its impact on the business
continues to persist and even expand. As the supply chain has returned to normal, customers have not only indeed
been faced with excessive inventory but also sluggish consumer demand. As mentioned above, fewer new phones
have been sold, yet more and more used phones have appeared in the market. According to IDC data, the North
America market alone took 26.4% of the global used smartphone market share in 2023, and the shipment
volumes are expected to increase continuously with a CAGR of 8.8% from 2022 to 2027. In order to consume the
excess inventory and survive under weak demand, one of the Group’s smartphone customers had reduced its order
and postponed the new product Request for Proposal (RFP) processes. In response, the Group has shifted its focus
on existing mobile phone customers and actively developed relationships with new customers to expand its product



52     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


lines. Currently, The Group is in the production of a wearable product designed specifically for kids and delivering a
5G Fixed Wireless Access (FWA) for new customers, and engaging in discussions regarding new product designs,
development, and production with potential clients. It is expected that growth will continue in the fields of
wearables and 5G FWA.

Building upon the R&D capabilities established since 2021, the Group puts strong efforts on customer and product
diversification and aims to diversify its product lines from low-margin mobile phones and routers to encompass
wireless communication devices. In line with this strategy, the Group has been actively responding to emerging
customer demands by venturing into the design and manufacturing of wireless data modules for globally
recognised brands. By collaborating closely with customers, the Group is also exploring opportunities in the realm
of final terminal devices. The Group has secured partnerships for eBook design and manufacturing, as well as for
the burgeoning market of e-ink related products, IoT devices and automounts robots for recycling business. In the
field of Electric Vehicles (EV), the Group is collaborating with a customer on LTE cluster manufacturing for
2-wheeled vehicles. Furthermore, leveraging its solid hardware and software design expertise and capabilities, the
Group has gained the trust of top-tier automotive manufacturers and has entered the new domain of automotive
products and commenced shipments in the beginning of 2024. We are committed to fostering stronger and more
cohesive relationships with our existing customers while actively reaching out to potential new clients.

The Group has a strong after-market services including reverse logistics, repair/refurbish services and manufacturing
services located in North America region which offer integrated solutions providing American customers the end-
to-end value-added manufacturing services and after-market-service covering the entire product life cycle. In the
last three years, the Group has invested and upgraded various manufacturing capabilities at the Mexico site. It is
including SMT capacity and plastic injection molding machines. Not only preparing for the potential demand in the
next 5 years’ growth but also providing a Vertical Integration solution to customers who looking for simplified
supply chain in American region. Besides, thanks to the global supply chain restructuring, foresee there will be
more projects transferred from Asia in the near future. Mexican Peso ended 2023 with its best performance in
decades and it may keep driving the operation cost up in 2024. And the Mexico president election will be
conducted in June this year, a strong Mexican Peso is expected.

Due to abovementioned unfavourable factors, like other geographical segments, the performance of the America
segment had a negative impact on the Group’s sales performance during current period. The Group will closely
monitor the future development of this segment and assess the impact of this segment on the Group’s overall
performance and cash flow.

Peers
After considering the Group’s business and customer structure, along with other factors, we have divided the
competitors into casing business and EMS business for a better understanding in this report of the directors.
However, it should be noted that the Group provides a one-stop solution and manufactures both casing and
system assembly together and sells complete handsets to some customers. Since 2018, many smartphone vendors
proceeded to adopt the metal mid-frame with glass/glastic back cover for better Wifi/LTE signal performance and
wireless charging, which lowered the utilisation rate of CNC (Computer Numerical Control) machines, so the
smartphone centric mechanical vendors were forced to adjust their product mix. As a skeleton of 5G smartphone,
the structure, precision and processing method on metal mid frame is far more complex than traditional metal
cases, and a higher average unit price was expected. Yet, in order to stimulate mobile phone sales to clean up pile-
up inventory since last year, Chinese brand companies offer bargain 4G/5G entry phones which further damage the



                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     53
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


casing business profit in an already over-supply competition. In reality, most of our casing competitors have already
extended their business to non-mobile phone products due to the saturation of China smartphone market and
hiked operation cost. China domestic labour costs and turnover rate have risen sharply, yet the efficiency of
assembly line workers has not increased correspondingly and the cost advantage of China is no longer comparable
with other countries in Southeast Asia like Vietnam and India in the medium term. Therefore, the Group will put
effort to diversify its customer mix, product mix, and manufacturing location and devoted itself to improving
existing technologies and manufacturing, delivering innovation on both processes and materials, enhancing the
core competence and capability of mechanical engineering (which is critical to the successful running of casing
business), quality and efficient customer responsiveness and speed, shorter mold manufacturing cycle time and cost
effectiveness and efficiency of casing business.

For our peers of casing business, they are companies listed in the PRC or Hong Kong and have been the vendors of
our customers for a long time with well-established business relationships with the Group’s customers. They also
have customers, which are not customers of the Group. As the current macroeconomic situation become more
fragile, although they have put efforts on diversifying and optimising their product mix to promote long-term
growth, their proportion of revenue from mobile phones remain relatively large, which make their financials
susceptible to fluctuations in smartphone demand in 2023. Performance of our casing peers in 2023 are listed as
follows:

(i)    Peer 1 is a PRC-listed company with shares listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Its core business includes
       consumer electronics precision structural parts and modules, electronic connectors, smart electronic product
       components, new energy vehicle connectors and modules, robots, and industrial Internet. Since 2018, the
       company has aimed to lower the proportion of revenue from mobile phones, boosting margin performance
       by expanding into the tablet, notebook, and smart wearables business. In the third quarter of 2023, its
       revenue declined by 1.4% year-over-year, primarily due to the decrease in global shipments of smartphones,
       tablets, and notebook products amid weak demand. However, its gross profit margin increased by 3.9
       percentage points, benefiting from the optimisation of the product mix. Notably, the new energy business is
       experiencing rapid growth, with higher and gradually increasing margins.

(ii)   Peer 2 is a Hong Kong-listed company whose business includes handset casings and high-precision
       components, household and sports goods, network communications facilities, and smart electrical appliance
       casings. In the first half of 2023, the company recorded a 29.9% year-over-year decline in revenue, since
       multiple economic headwinds and the weak Android smartphone market have adversely affected its handset-
       related business. However, the company’s gross profit margin improved by 2.4%, driven by the increased
       revenue proportion from key North American smartphone customer. In fact, over the past few years, the
       company has experienced a continuous decline in revenue due to the persistently sluggish smartphone
       market. To enhance its operational performance, the company is shifting focus towards more profitable
       products, including tri-proof and high-precision components, and VR/AR related business. Furthermore, in
       order to streamline its organisational structure, in the first quarter of 2023, the company spun off its
       household and sports goods business, which is now listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and entered into
       a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party for the disposal of its smart electrical
       appliance casing business.

System assembly business of OEM business model, which is the major business model of the Group, has a low
barrier to entry and low gross margins. In terms of competition analysis, the Group only earns processing fees and
manufacturing fees while yield, efficiency and quality differentiation are of critical importance to reducing


54      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


customers’ price sensitivity and developing long-term business relationship. But the amount working capital
employed to finance system assembly business can be high. Moreover, other external factors, including the
U.S.-China trade tensions, geopolitics and protectionism, the China smartphone’s market saturation, and weak
consumer purchasing power also affected the companies significantly in its OEM business. In response to these
factors, some competitors in this industry aggressively established manufacturing capacities out of China and put
more effort on other high-margin and high-growth businesses, even expand into new industries by leveraging their
resources. The Group’s Indian operation is strong due to its ownership of a very large system assembly capacity and
its vertical integration from PCBA to complete handset assembly, while currently there are only a few peers with
existing overseas capacities or overseas capacities that are just being established, so the Group can utilise its existing
capacities in India, Vietnam and other countries to capture first-mover advantages.

For our peers of EMS business listed in Hong Kong, U.S., and PRC, as mentioned above, they have been exploring
new business opportunities and expanding their product categories to improve the margins and to diversify the risk
of high dependency on mobile phones or few customers. Performance of our EMS peers in 2023 are listed as
follows:

(i)     Peer 1 is a Hong Kong listed company whose business includes consumer electronics (assembly, components,
        and parts), new intelligent products, and new energy vehicle. In the third quarter of 2023, the company
        reported a dramatic 31% revenue increase, benefiting from a significant increase in smartphone shipments of
        its North American and Android customers. Although, the company’s revenue from EMS/ODM and
        components still accounts for a large portion of total sales. it has been accelerating the expansion of
        diversified products, including new intelligent products such as smart home, gaming hardware, robotics,
        unmanned aerial vehicles, residential energy storage products, etc. In particular, its residential energy storage
        has been experiencing a rapid growth, due to the ongoing robust demand and the increasing penetration
        rate in Europe. Also, its revenue from new energy vehicle business has been continuing to soar, benefitting
        from the significant increase of new energy vehicle shipments of its parent company. As for profitability, the
        company’s gross profit margin went up by 3.2 percentage points year-over-year in the third quarter of 2023.
        This improvement can be attributed to an increased proportion of high-margin revenue from new energy
        vehicle and residential energy storage, along with improved capacity utilisation in consumer electronics.

(ii)    Peer 2 is a reputable U.S. listed company which is an EMS provider focusing on delivering complete design,
        engineering and manufacturing services to automotive, computing, consumer, industrial, infrastructure,
        medical, clean technology and mobile OEMs. In the third quarter of 2023, the company reported a 3.8%
        decline in revenue. This decrease was attributed to a broader downturn in the consumer electronics market
        during that period, amidst ongoing challenges. However, despite this decline, net profit increased by 2.4%,
        and the gross profit margin saw a year-over-year improvement of 1.3%, primarily due to favourable mix with
        growth in higher-margin automotive and clean technology business. The company’s strategic approach of
        fully diversifying product categories and geographical allocations played a crucial role in positioning it more
        robustly to navigate the prevailing headwinds.

(iii)   Peer 3 is a Shenzhen listed company whose main business is EMS service for consumer electronics, network
        communication product, smart wearable devices and automotive electronics. The company has aggressively
        built its capacities in India and Vietnam, directly competing with the Group. Even more, one of the Group’s
        customer is proceeding to partner with the company for the establishment of manufacturing resources in
        Vietnam to develop the local market and the whole Southeast Asia region. With the mass production of new



                                                                                    A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      55
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


       products for its Chinese customers and high production capacity utilisation across facilities, the company
       achieved a remarkable revenue growth of +86.1% year-on-year in the third quarter of 2023. Despite the
       growth in the mobile phone business, the company is expanding its product portfolio to non-mobile phone
       business including smart wearables and new energy products, and moving into the automotive electronics
       segment. Additionally, the company is consolidating its business units and relocating its resources to
       promising business, such as automotive electronics segment which witnessed a more than 500% revenue
       increase in the third quarter of 2023.

(iv)   Peer 4 is a Shenzhen listed company having several business segments including precise components,
       structural parts and module, charger, assembly, materials and automotive components. In the recent years,
       the company has restructured its organisation and aggressively developed the emerging consumer electronics
       products, including AR/VR, smart robotics, and foldable phones, in line with its core strategy — “vertical
       integration”. Additionally, the company is increasing the capacity for the new business, like automotive and
       photovoltaics inverter. However, its consumer electronics business still maintains a significant proportion of its
       revenue. Consequently, amidst the persistently weak overall economic environment, its revenue for the third
       quarter of 2023 experienced a decline of 5.1%, with a 0.8% decrease in the gross profit margin.

       In summary, due to lots of external influences, including political tensions, sluggish demand and so on, most
       of our competitors have taken actions on changing their product/customer mix and overall business strategy.
       They gradually lowered dependency on mobile phone business and developed other sales engines to respond
       to the changes in market conditions. The Group have been closely monitoring the market movement and
       continuously optimising the capacity utilisation in China, India, Vietnam, strengthening our vertical integration
       ability, aggressively developing new products and services for various customers in the area of IoT/5G,
       automobile electronics, robotics, healthcare electronics, etc.

Investments
On the basis that the value of each of the investments mentioned below as of 31 December 2023 is less than 5%
of the Group’s total assets as at 31 December 2023, the Company does not consider any such investment as a
significant investment for the purposes of the Listing Rules.

Investments in Business relating to Nokia-branded Products
On 18 May 2016, the Group entered into an agreement with Microsoft (as seller) and HMD (as other purchaser) to
acquire certain assets of the Nokia-branded feature phone business then operated by Microsoft Corporation,
comprising a manufacturing facility in Vietnam and certain other assets that were optimise in the conduct of such
feature phone business at a total consideration of US$350 million (US$20 million of which being payable by HMD).
This transaction resulted to a goodwill of US$79.4 million. Due to the unsatisfactory performance in 2018, and
based on the valuation carried out by an independent professional valuer, the Group has fully impaired the
goodwill of US$79.4 million in its financial statements of 2018.

HMD switched its supply chain from a single vendor model to a multi-ODM set-up since the second quarter of
2019. Up to now, all of HMD’s smartphone portfolio is manufactured by the other ODMs. For the manufacturing
side, the feature phone business continued to be managed with a focus on profitability, to maintain portfolio
competitiveness. HMD has managed to reach an agreement with Nokia and according to the agreement, HMD is
allowed to sell their products alongside Nokia products. Hence, the agreement enables HMD to ramp-up their
brand awareness while still reaping the benefits from the Nokia brand.



56      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


In August 2020, the Group purchased a US$38.3 million worth of HMD’s convertible bonds (the payment of which
was deemed to be made through outstanding receivables of an equivalent amount). During the course of the
transaction, the evaluation by the management of the Company (covering, among other things, financial due
diligence, independent valuation, etc.) of HMD’s management accounts, cash flow analysis, financial forecasts,
business performance and prospects, valuation analysis and other relevant information and documents then
available, and also the relevant negotiations and documentation with the management of HMD and its other
investors respectively (with the aim to securing more favourable terms for the Group to optimise the Group’s return
from its entire investment in HMD as a whole in the circumstances), were recorded and reported to the Board for
its consideration. But as explained in above sections, cash position of HMD is still tight and the Group has been
monitoring this. The convertible bonds were fully converted and currently, with the previous investments, the
Group’s total investment represented 14.38% of HMD’s total issued shares.

With reference to the valuation carried out by independent professional valuers, the management has assessed the
fair value of the investment in HMD as at 31 December 2023. The Group took corresponding adjustments to the
fair value change for the Group’s direct and indirect investment in HMD through other comprehensive income
(“OCI”). The investment team will continue to monitor the progress its fund raising and business performance and
liquidity.

Other Investments
The Group invested US$1 million in CloudMinds Inc. (“CloudMinds”), an operator of cloud-based AI robots in
China in 2015. The company has filed an IPO application with the U.S. SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission)
in December 2019. Due to the impact of COVID-19, global economic downfall, and sanction imposed by U.S.
Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS), the company decided to change its listing market
to Hong Kong. Hence, CloudMinds has completed its recapitalisation process and several rounds of financing to
enhance its future technology development and financial status starting from the end of 2020. In the second half
year of 2022, CloudMinds has initiated its Pre-IPO round and currently in the preparation stage of IPO and
monitoring the capital market to determine the best time to file for the listing application. Based on the recent
performance and with reference to the valuation carried out by independent professional valuer, the management
has assessed the fair value of the investment in CloudMinds as at 31 December 2023. The Group took
corresponding adjustment to the fair value change in this investment.

Augentix Inc, founded in 2014 in Taiwan, is a fabless multimedia SoC (System on Chip) design company offering
proprietary algorithms products with efficient intelligent vision applications. Thus, since the product introduction, it
has been widely used in the field of home IoT (Internet of Things), professional IP camera, and consumer
surveillance by leading brands around the globe. Against the global economic headwinds in 2023, Augentix still
achieved a 2.5-fold increase in shipments, with nearly 88% revenue growth. Additionally, Augentix is extending its
product offering to SoC solutions for automotive cameras, actively expanding the product mix. The Group invested
around US$0.7 million in Augentix by subscribing Augentix’s convertible note in December 2019 and the note has
been fully converted to common shares in November 2020. Through this investment, the Group expects a deeper
collaboration with Augentix to further develop in IoT and V2X industry. In November 2023, Augentix has
successfully completed a new round of financing to reenforce its cash position and financial strength. Along with
all the orders on hand, Augentix is expecting a notable growth this year. As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s
stake in Augentix is 1.09% on the fully diluted basis.




                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     57
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Group made a strategic investment of around US$1 million in Ossia Inc. (“Ossia”) in June 2020. Ossia, the
creator of Cota® Real Wireless Power™ redefines wireless power by safely delivering targeted energy to multiple
devices simultaneously at a distance. Ossia’s Cota technology is a patented smart antenna technology that
automatically keeps multiple devices charged without any user intervention and enables an efficient and truly wire-
free, powered-up world that is always on and always connected. Ossia is a fabless technology licensing company,
and headquartered in Redmond, Washington. Ossia has secured over 250 global patents for wireless power
technology and is establishing Cota RF wireless power at a distance as a global standard for wireless power
transmission/transfer (WPT) systems and has announced several Cota-enabled products coming to market, including
Cota Forever Magnetic Phone Charger, Cota Power Station, Cota Asset Tracker, Cota-powered IoT sensor, Cota
Power Table, Cota Universal Base, ePaper RFID Tags, Cota-enabled security camera and so forth. Notably, the Cota
Forever Magnetic Phone Charger was named a CES 2024 Innovation award winner, it is also Ossia’s 7th CES
Innovation awards. Ossia’s Cota Real Wireless Power also received the 2024 Smart City Innovation of the Year
award and Wireless Technology Innovation award from IoT Breakthrough, a leading market intelligence
organisation. The Group will be a preferred partner and contract manufacturer for Ossia’s customers wanting to
build or integrate Cota wireless power into their devices, sensors, automotive applications and IoT products.

SoundHound (Nasdaq: SOUN), is a global leader in conversational intelligence, offers voice AI solutions that let
businesses offer incredible conversational experiences to their customers. Built on proprietary technology,
SoundHound’s voice AI delivers best-in-class speed and accuracy in numerous languages to product creators across
automotive, TV, and IoT, and to customer service industries via groundbreaking AI-driven products like Smart
Answering, Smart Ordering, and Dynamic Interaction™, a real-time, multi modal customer service interface. Along
with SoundHound Chat AI, a powerful voice assistant with integrated Generative AI, SoundHound powers millions
of products and services, and processes billions of interactions each year for world class businesses. The Group
participated in SoundHound’s more than US$100 million PIPE (Private Investment in Public Equity) round of
financing for SoundHound with a US$1 million investments together with a number of the other investors of this
round included Oracle, Qatar First Bank, Koch Industries, MKaNN, VIZIO, HTC, Structural Capital, and so forth.
After the completion of the PIPE round, SoundHound closed its SPAC merger transaction, becoming a NASDAQ
listed company (NASDAQ: SOUN). The recent surge in demand of conversational AI is giving SoundHound a unique
advantage and has made SoundHound the obvious partners for the companies looking for to embracing such
technology. From January to September 2023, the company achieved a revenue of US$28.72 million, indicating a
33% year-on-year growth. The increase in revenue primarily resulted from the growing customer base in Germany
and Korea. To broaden its product applications, SoundHound completed a merger with SYNQ3 on 3 January 2024.
SYNQ3 specialises in AI-powered automated ordering solutions for enterprise brands, enhancing the ordering
process for restaurant guests. This integration is expected to expand SoundHound’s market presence, covering ten
thousands of locations and implementing advanced generative AI capabilities.

Founded in 2007, Acevector Limited (Formerly known as Snapdeal) is a leading e-commerce platform in India,
started as a coupon booklet business, but transformed into an online deal platform in 2010 and an online
e-commerce marketplace in 2012. The Group invested US$200 million comprising US$150 million in cash and
US$50 million subscribed from its existing shareholder at a discounted price in 2015. On 21 December 2021,
Snapdeal filed the Draft Red Herring Prospectus (DRHP) toward the SEBI for the purpose of IPO. However, due to
the obligation to protect investors, SEBI started to tighten the IPO regulation and required technology companies to
be profitable before going public. In light of this, Snapdeal has carefully evaluated the situation and has made the
decision to withdraw the DRHP in December 2022. At the same time, it consolidated its business units under a
group brand and changed its name from Snapdeal to Acevector. In the period from January to September 2023,
the company is actively managing its operating expenses, leading to a significant improvement compared with last
year.



58     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Group made a strategic investment in GFT Ventures I in March 2022. GFT Ventures I is a private fund with the
initial target of US$100 million, yet, due to the overwhelming demand, the fund was closed on over US$137
million in committed capital.

The fund focuses on series seed or A stage startups in several specific areas including AI/Data Science, Automation,
other Frontier technology. The fund has nine active startup investments that are fantastic opportunities.

As the Group has been expanding in different industries in recent years, strategic investment is one of the
movements to develop new businesses and diversify the dependency on mobile phone and single customer. The
general partners of the fund have over 20 years experiences in venture capital, AI and semiconductor fields.
Leveraged by their knowledge, the Group would have insights, more opportunities and exposures to the emerging
technology companies.

For exploring more opportunity and business in V2X industry, the Group has made significant development.

On 31 December 2021, the Group has closed the deal and introduced Stellantis, world’s number 4 leading
automakers and mobility provider, to invest US$40 million in Mobile Drive Group, which was automotive
technology focused and wholly-owned by the Group. After closing, Mobile Drive Group has become a joint venture
which is equally owned by the Group and Stellantis. The investment in Mobile Drive Group and the subsequent
share of profits/losses of Mobile Drive Group will be accounted for by equity method in the Group’s consolidated
financial statements.

Combining with wide resource and solid experience from both sides, Mobile Drive Group would rely on the
expertise in wireless communication and automotive industry to focus on the software and hardware integration in
smart cockpit and in-vehicle infotainment system, delivering the disruptive in-vehicle V2X solution to the entire
industry, and the Group would become the strongest anchor partner to provide all the supports from the hardware
manufacturing side. During the course of the transactions, the management of the Company’s evaluation of the
Mobile Drive Group’s management accounts, cash flow analysis, financial forecasts, business performance and
prospects, valuation analysis and other relevant information and documents then available (particularly in the
context of determining the consideration for the Group’s disposal of 50% interest in the Mobile Drive Group), and
also the relevant negotiations and transaction documentation with Stellantis (with the aim to securing more
favourable terms for the Group as a viable joint venture opportunity of the Group to optimise the Group’s
investment in the Mobile Drive Group in the circumstances), were recorded and reported to the Board for its
consideration.

The Group also made certain investments in other companies designated as fair value through other comprehensive
income (“FVTOCI”) mainly in China, India and U.S. in the past few years. In China, the Group’s investments
primarily focused on the smart home, smart healthcare, AR, and robotics fields, including a smart home company
that provides smart door locks and other IoT products, a technology company that provides educational robots, a
company that provides medical devices for people with myopia, and a company that provides AR glasses and
components. In India, the Group’s investments mainly include a data-driven advertising technology company. In
U.S., the Group’s investments mainly include a digital photography company that has developed a multi-lens and
multi-sensor camera designed for embedding in automotive fields, and a high-end Android smartphone company
led by a group of experienced experts in the mobile industry.




                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    59
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of the Group’s equity investments designated as FVTOCI was US$62
million, which represented 1.4% of the Group’s total assets.

Other Investment-related Matters
In such a dynamic and volatile equity investment market, the Group’s investment team is invariably cautious, and
therefore the team will continue to monitor the performance and financial position, cash flow, burn rate and fund
raising activities of investees, related macro-economic factors and competition landscape and technological changes
and innovation, viability of business models as well as execution capabilities of the respective management teams
of those investees and outlook of investees. The investment team maintains a close relationship with the respective
management teams of those investees, and conducts periodical in-house analyses. Based on the result of the
analyses, the investment team will consider hedging the risk exposure should the need arise. The Group is not
currently aware of any potential cause which would lead to any substantial loss arising from the change in the fair
value of the Group’s investments in certain listed companies during the current period. In order to have a better
utilisation of the cash and enrich the investment portfolio, the Group has been actively exploring and evaluating
good investment potential opportunities that can add value to the Group, though at this stage, the Group does not
currently have any plan for a significant investment contemplated by the Listing Rules.

As the mobile phone market has become a mature market with less gained traction, the market is in dire need of
new applications to drive its growth, such as 5G, satellite communications, and AI. Notably, many new
smartphones have already integrated the generative AI functionality. Counterpoint’s report indicates that AI phones
are positioned to revolutionise the smartphone market, which the shipment for AI phones is expected to reach 522
million units, equivalent to a CAGR of 83%. At the same time, Canalys also anticipates that AI phones will drive
replacement demand, with an overall smartphone shipments rebound to 1.17 billion units in 2024, reflecting a 4%
growth from 2023. As for the automotive market, the ACES trends (autonomous driving, connected vehicles,
electrification of the power train, and shared mobility) are driving rapid changes in the automotive industry.
McKinsey predicts that the global automotive software and electronics market is expected to reach US$460 billion
by 2030, representing a 6% CAGR. Due to the fast pace of market changes, the Group continually seeks the
investment opportunities in the industries with huge potentials, and adjusted investment strategies to be more
focused on 5G, IoV (Internet of Vehicle), medical electronics and AI, which include but not limited to AI robots, IoT
smart devices, smart home products, IVI (In-Vehicle Infotainment) and telematics system, V2X (Vehicle-to-
Everything) technologies, or others for synergies creation via establishing strategic partnerships with technology
companies. In addition, to fulfill the commitment of achieving Net Zero in 2050, the Group is taking a proactive
approach to put green investing as one of the top priorities. By engaging with companies that are devoted to
developing various green and eco-friendly technologies and products, the Group will focus on discovering the
related industrial investment opportunities in operating efficiency enhancement, low-emission energy sources, and
low-carbon transition, helping communities, enterprises, countries, and the Group itself to mitigate climate change
and promote sustainability.

Among the characteristics that the Group looks for in determining the attractiveness of investment candidates are
complementary technology ancillary to and in support of the Group’s business operations and new business
including IoV; favourable long-term growth prospects; and cultural fit with the Group. The Group has an
experienced investment team and will continue to hire talents and has prioritised investments of comparatively low
risks and with long-term growth prospect which may take years before the investment can be realised. As a whole,
the Group will be cautious on expanding its investment portfolio to create synergies but at the same time to cope
with the possible uncertain economic environment and volatility of the capital market.



60     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Since 31 December 2021, the Mobile Drive Group previously wholly-owned by the Group has become a joint
venture which is 50%-owned by the Group and Stellantis individually, and the subsequent share of profits/losses of
the joint venture will be accounted for by equity method in the Group’s consolidated financial statements. During
the current period, there had been no material acquisitions and disposals of the Group’s subsidiaries and associates
and joint venture(s). For the sake of completeness, during the current period, to simplify its corporate structures
and to reduce on-going administrative burden and costs, the Group has continued to close down certain of its non-
operating subsidiaries (comprising mostly investment-holding entities) where the aggregate value of such
subsidiaries’ respective total assets, profits or revenue (or consolidated total assets, profits or revenue, as the case
may be) represents less than 5% under any of the applicable percentage ratios defined in the Listing Rules. Also, on
12 September 2023, the Company announced the Group’s disposal of the entire equity interest in FIH (Tian Jin)
Precision Industry Co., Ltd. to Tianjin Haofa Storage and Transportation Co., Ltd. (for identification purposes only)
at a consideration of RMB95,400,000. Further, on 2 November 2023, the Company announced the Group’s
cooperation with Beijing Asia Unicom Aviation Education Technology Group Co., Ltd. (for identification purposes
only) to establish and operate (through a PRC joint venture) a middle-level vocational school within the Group’s
Langfang industrial park. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements.

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations
During the current period, the Group has complied in all material respects with the relevant laws and regulations
that have a significant impact on the Group, examples of which include those relating to foreign investment,
taxation, import and export, foreign exchange control and intellectual property in the principal jurisdictions in
which the Group’s operations and investments are situated, and (as the shares of the Company have been listed
and traded on the Stock Exchange) applicable requirements under the Listing Rules and the SFO.

The Group has been operating multi-nationally (coupled with investments) in its principal operating segments,
namely Asia, America and Europe. In particular, the Group’s legal structures, investment structures, funding
arrangements, business models, supply chain and general operations have been structured and optimised in a tax-
efficient, cost-effective and robust manner, taking into account (among other things) commercial and financial
perspectives and applicable legal/regulatory requirements in the relevant jurisdictions. The Group’s major operating
subsidiaries fall under different tax regimes in the PRC, Taiwan, India, Vietnam, Mexico and the U.S., where
different tax laws and regulations as well as specific concessionary incentives apply.

During the current period, as advised by the relevant local legal and tax departments of the Group, the newly-
promulgated local laws and regulations applicable to the Group’s operations in the PRC, India and Vietnam (being
the jurisdictions which are considered, in terms of the scale of businesses and operations as well as the number of
employees, factory units and office units, to reflect the comparatively significant impacts of the Group’s overall
business unit/group operations) that have a significant impact on the Group are highlighted and summarised as
follows:

     PRC
     In relation to the PRC value-added tax (VAT), please refer to the background and previous developments as
     described in page 116 of the Company’s 2023 interim report as issued and published on 14 September 2023.
     The draft Value-Added Tax Law (consultation draft) (Draft VAT Law) is still pending the approval of the
     National People’s Congress. At this stage, the Group’s PRC subsidiaries will continue to monitor the legislation
     process of the VAT regime and assess the potential impacts of the Draft VAT Law on their operations in
     anticipation of its enactment.



                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     61
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     In relation to the draft revisions to the PRC Company Law for public consultation, please refer to the
     background and previous developments as described in page 116 of the Company’s 2023 interim report as
     issued and published on 14 September 2023. On 29 December 2023, the PRC National People’s Congress
     formally approved the latest revisions to the PRC Company Law (Revised Company Law) which will come into
     effect on 1 July 2024 with a universal impact on all PRC companies (including foreign-invested entities),
     covering substantial changes in areas such as corporate governance, capital contribution, management
     responsibilities, corporate information disclosure, corporate litigation and registrations. In particular, the
     governance structures and constitutional documents of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries being foreign-invested
     entities (Group FIEs), together with their respective business, legal or compliance models and practices, shall
     be adjusted to accommodate the corresponding requirements under the Revised Company Law, which may
     imply additional costs of legal/regulatory compliance. Pending the 1 July 2024 effective date, the Group FIEs
     have been assessing the impacts of the Revised Company Law and (as appropriate) will devise and implement
     appropriate corporate initiatives and actions.

     In respect of the PRC Foreign Investment Law which took effect on 1 January 2020 (FIL), please refer to the
     background and previous developments as described in page 116 of the Company’s 2023 interim report as
     issued and published on 14 September 2023. In particular, the governance structures and constitutional
     documents of the Group FIEs, together with their respective business, legal or compliance models and
     practices, shall be adjusted to accommodate the corresponding requirements under the PRC Company Law,
     which may imply additional costs of legal/regulatory compliance. During the 5-year transition period from
     1 January 2020 to 31 December 2024 under the FIL for the Group FIEs to conform with the then effective
     PRC Company Law (currently, the Revised Company Law), the Group FIEs have been assessing the impacts of
     the FIL and (as mentioned above) the Revised Company Law and (as appropriate) will devise and implement
     appropriate corporate initiatives and actions prior to 31 December 2024 being the expiry date of the 5-year
     transition period.

     India
     During the current period, the newly-promulgated Indian laws and regulations did not have a significant
     impact on the Group’s Indian subsidiaries and their operations.

     Vietnam
     On 29 November 2023, the Vietnam National Assembly issued the Resolution No. 107/2023/QH15 on
     application of additional corporate income tax in accordance with the Global Base Erosion (GloBE) Rules on
     Global Minimum Tax (GloBE Rules), becoming effective from 1 January 2024. As appropriate, additional taxes
     will be imposed on the taxable income (if any) of the Group’s Vietnamese subsidiaries and paid by the end of
     2025. This may increase tax costs of the Group’s Vietnamese subsidiaries. However, the Vietnamese
     government is also developing policies to amend the local corporate income tax law to support businesses
     (including those of the Vietnamese subsidiaries) which have been adversely affected by the imposition of the
     aforesaid additional corporate income tax pursuant to the GloBE Rules.

     In relation to the policy of reduction of VAT from 10% to 8% which took effect from 1 July 2023, please
     refer to the background and previous development as described in pages 116 and 117 of the Company’s
     2023 interim report as issued and published on 14 September 2023. According to the Vietnamese
     government’s Decree No. 94/2023/ND-CP dated 28 December 2023, the aforesaid policy has been extended
     and continued to apply until 30 June 2024. It follows that the Group’s Vietnamese subsidiaries and their
     customers could continue to enjoy the cost-saving benefits derived from such VAT reduction for a longer
     period.


62    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Apart from the above, the Group also takes into account the relevant laws and regulations regarding global
transfer pricing, in order to ensure efficiency and sustainability of the operating models and global tax footprint as
well as sufficient tax risk management. During the current period, apart from the above, there were no major
changes in applicable tax laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group’s tax expenses, and
the Group will continue to monitor possible impacts and implications arising from applicable new and/or revised tax
laws and regulations. Also, the Group has been closely following the global and local level developments following
the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Action Plans of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development (OECD). The Group is committed to duly comply with applicable laws and regulations introduced or
updated due to the BEPS Action Plans, including more documentation requirements triggered by the local transfer
pricing documentation and Country-by-Country Reporting (CbCR) obligations in the jurisdictions where the Group
operates. The Group falls within the CbCR scope of the Company’s ultimate controlling shareholder, Hon Hai, for
such purposes.

The Group has kept abreast of the accelerating pace of tax, legal and regulatory developments in the different
jurisdictions in which its key operations are located, and there are on-going reviews of existing investment holding
structures and operations as well as business models and capital structures in light of the latest tax, legal/regulatory
and business requirements and environment. In this respect, the Group’s major operating subsidiaries have taken
appropriate steps (e.g. by consulting with legal advisers and tax advisers) to ensure that each of them is aware of
the local laws and regulations that have a significant impact on its business operations and takes these relevant
local laws and regulations into account in relation to its business operations, business model(s) and value chain
management, as appropriate. The Group believes that it complies with applicable relevant local laws and
regulations in all material respects. The Group has also complied with applicable requirements laid down by the
Listing Rules and the SFO.

The Group has also responded to trade restrictions imposed by the relevant jurisdictions on components or
assembled products by obtaining and maintaining necessary import and export licences and paying necessary
import and export duties and tariffs. In addition, the Group has abided by the relevant currency conversion
restrictions and foreign exchange and repatriation controls on foreign earnings. Further, the Group has depended
in part on its ability to provide its customers with technologically sophisticated manufacturing and production
processes and innovative mechanical product designs and developments, and accordingly, has been protecting its
and its customers’ respective intellectual property rights.

In relation to the Group’s compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the
Group in respect of ESG aspects, please refer to the Company’s separate 2023 ESG Report as issued and published
simultaneously upon the issuance and publication of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report
of the directors.

The Group will continue to monitor compliance with all these relevant laws and regulations on an on-going basis.

Liquidity and Financial Resources
The Group’s capital resources consist of cash principally provided by operating activities and bank credit facilities.
The Group regularly reviews borrowing capacity and makes necessary adjustments for changes in money market
and economic conditions, market risks, and changes in our working capital requirements. The Group centrally
manages the funding and treasury activities in accordance with corporate policies. The main objectives are to
ensure appropriate levels of liquidity, to have adequate funds available for working capital or other investments at



                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     63
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


reasonable costs required to grow the business, to maintain a healthy capital structure, and to balance exposures to
market risks, uncertainties, and volatilities. As demand falls, we have been keen to control inventory levels, as a
bullwhip effect could lead to negative financial consequences.

As at 31 December 2023, the Group had a cash balance of US$1,845 million (31 December 2022: US$1,825
million). Free cash flow, representing the net cash from operating activities of US$103 million (31 December 2022:
net cash from operating activities of US$409 million) minus capital expenditure of US$93 million (31 December
2022: US$143 million), was US$10 million inflows (31 December 2022: US$266 million inflows). The Group has
abundant cash to finance its operations and investments. The Group’s gearing ratio, expressed as a percentage of
interest-bearing external borrowings of US$704 million (31 December 2022: US$676 million) over total assets of
US$4,319 million (31 December 2022: US$5,510 million), was 16.3% (31 December 2022: 12.27%). All of the
external borrowings were denominated in USD (31 December 2022: USD and RMB). The Group borrowed
according to real demand and there were no bank committed borrowing facilities and no seasonality of borrowing
requirements. The outstanding interest-bearing external borrowings were all at a fixed rate ranging from 5.96% to
6.25% (31 December 2022: fixed rate ranging from 2.20% to 5.41%) per annum, with an original maturity of one
to seven months (31 December 2022: one to seven months).

As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were mainly held in USD, RMB and Indian rupees
(“INR”).

Net cash from operating activities during the current period was US$103 million.

Net cash used in investing activities during the current period was US$40 million, of which, mainly, US$93 million
represented the expenditures on property, plant and equipment related to the facilities in the Group’s major sites in
the PRC and India, US$26 million represented placement of bank deposits, US$83 million represented proceeds
from disposal of property, plant and equipment, investment properties and assets classified as held for sale and
US$3 million represented purchase of equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income.

Net cash used in financing activities during the current period was US$37 million, primarily due to net increase in
bank borrowings of US$29 million, payments on repurchase of ordinary shares of US$3 million, interest paid on
bank borrowings of US$57 million, payment on capital reduction of a subsidiary of US$3 million and repayment of
lease liabilities of US$2 million.

Exposures to Currency Risks and Related Hedges
As inflation has reached a 40-year high in U.S., the U.S. Federal Reserve has continuously imposed interest rate
hikes in order to counter the negative impacts led by inflation. As the result, USD has been strengthened against all
other major currencies around the world. In order to mitigate foreign exchange risks, the Group actively utilised
both natural hedge technique and financial methods to manage its foreign currency exposures including entering
into the short-term forward foreign exchange contracts (usually with tenors of less than three months) from time to
time to hedge the currency risks resulting from its operations and investments denominated in foreign currencies.
Please refer to note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.

Capital Commitments
As at 31 December 2023, the capital commitments of the Group were US$32 million (31 December 2022: US$6.3
million). Usually, the capital commitments will be funded by cash generated from operations.



64     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Pledge/Charge of Assets
There was no pledge nor charge of the Group’s assets as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.

Contingent Liability
There was no material contingent liability for the Group as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.

Donations
The Group has, in the financial year ended 31 December 2023, made donations for charitable or other purposes to
a total amount of approximately US$397,000.

Outlook and Industry Dynamics
Market and OEM Industry Review and Challenges to the Group
In the electronics industry, the entry barrier for OEM industry is very low and its profit margin is limited, so when
the gross margin of the market declines, only those with a large scale of production can survive. Due to the
competitive environments, OEMs willingly reduce their profit margins in order to secure the contracting
relationships with major brand manufacturers to meet their capacity. Especially, as the economy of China is
opening up, China has attracted low-end and established favourable investment conditions. As China has taken
over the low-end manufacturing chain, the competition in the industry has intensified, further reducing the profit
margin of OEMs. This is why the Group has kept monitoring the current economic environment and market
landscape and its potential impact on both the general economy and consumption power and preferences of
customers we served as well as our end markets and closely manage and control our costs and capital resources so
that the Group can respond in a quick manner as circumstances change. As many of our costs and operating
expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand, particularly a reduction in demand for a product that
represents a significant amount of revenue, can harm our gross profit margins and results of operations.

Increase in domestic production costs and insufficient supply of the talents. Compared to the consumers’ need for
the customised production and the accelerating upgrades of its related technology, a lack of high-level compound
talents has become a bottleneck, restricting the development of the industry. As social values change, the supply of
grassroots employees is also generally insufficient. As the costs for labour recruitment and production are gradually
increasing while the product development cycle in the industry is shortening and the demand for better and more
outputs is continuing, more grassroots labour are in need for the producers. However, the rapid development of
the domestic economy and the acceleration of the rise in salary level have placed higher demands on the cost
control capabilities of enterprises in the industry. As a result, for the cost saving purpose, enterprises in the industry
are actively developing industrial robots, building smart factories and committing to improve the production
efficiency.

Keen Competition and Margin Erosion Pressure
As the smartphone industry is dynamic and competitive, a slowdown in growth leads to industry consolidation,
which results in larger and more geographically diverse competitors having significant combined resources to
compete against the Group and may put pressure on the supply chain. As competition remains fierce, competition
from EMS/ODM/OEM peers is deemed to intensify to create pressure on the Group’s business and there may be a
slowdown in new customer acquisition with rapidly growing smartphone vendors in the market. The Group also
faces competition from the manufacturing operations of its current and potential customers, which are constantly
evaluating the advantages of manufacturing products in-house against outsourcing, OEM against ODM. All of



                                                                                    A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      65
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


these developments have caused pressure on the Group’s sales, and the sales mix and customer mix, potentially
leading to margin pressure, loss of market acceptance of its services, compression of its profits or losses, and loss of
its market share. To address the above challenges and uncertainties and to alleviate the impact of price erosion on
gross margins, the Group must remain lean and agile by making quick and decisive business and operational
decisions, and carrying out restructuring and downsizing actions to reduce blood bleeding. The cycle time of new
product development must be shortened to align with the product launch schedule of customers and shorten the
time to market. Besides, the Group will keep developing higher margin businesses inclusive of IoT devices, 5G
applications and automotive software and hardware. The Group’s future business plan has been adjusted and will
focus on new customer development and revenue growth and continually monitor the market competition
conditions to respond accordingly.

Macroeconomic Headwinds
2023 was one of the most challenging, uncertain, and global unrest years in decades, the compounding impacts
put additional upward pressure on prices and caused high inflation, which led most central banks around the world
continue to raise interest rates to fight inflation. Looking ahead, the market holds a cautiously optimistic outlook
for the future economy. According to the IMF’s January 2024 report, global economy growth is projected at 3.1%
in 2024 and 3.2% in 2025, with the 2024 forecast 0.2 percentage point higher than the previous report in October
2023 on account of greater-than-expected resilience in the United States and several large emerging market and
developing economies, as well as fiscal support in China. Nevertheless, forecasts for both 2024 and 2025 remain
below the historical average of 3.8% (2000–2019). This is due to factors such as elevated central bank policy rates
to fight inflation, a withdrawal of fiscal support amid high debt weighing on economic activity, and low underlying
productivity growth. Specifically, developed economies are expected to experience a slight decline in 2024,
followed by an increase in 2025, with the Eurozone recovering from low growth in 2023 and the U.S. undergoing
a slowdown. Emerging markets and developing economies are anticipated to achieve stable growth in both 2024
and 2025. Regarding inflation, in the midst of unwinding supply-side issues and restrictive monetary policy, global
headline inflation is expected to fall to 5.8% in 2024 and to 4.4% in 2025, with the 2025 forecast revised down.
In the United States, the FED also remains cautious about the economic outlook in 2024 despite market optimism
about the possibility of a soft landing. At the FED’s January 2024 meeting, it announced to hold the interest rate
steady and made it clear that it was not ready to start cutting rates with inflation still running above the central
bank’s target. Shortly afterward, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that headline CPI and core CPI rose by
3.1% and 3.9%, respectively in January. This exceeded market expectations and suggested that the significant
economic recalibration in the U.S. following the pandemic has yet to reach its conclusion.

Smartphone Market Outlook
Regarding the outlook of the smartphone market, given the ongoing macroeconomic headwinds coupled with the
impact on demand, the market is expected to continue facing challenges, but momentum is moving quickly toward
recovery. Although 2023 marked the lowest full-year shipments in a decade, driven largely by macroeconomic
challenges and elevated inventory early in the year, growth in the second half of the year has cemented the
expected recovery for 2024. Primarily, according to the latest report of IDC, the fourth quarter of 2023 saw 8.5%
year-on-year growth with 326.1 million shipments, higher than the forecasted 7.3% growth, mainly because low-
end Android smartphones’ rapid expansion in emerging markets in the second half of 2023. Looking ahead to
2024, with the development and widespread adoption of new technologies such as 5G, satellite communication,
and generative AI, the market is hopeful for a recovery. Likewise, in Qualcomm’s latest earnings call, the company
projected that global smartphone shipments would remain stable or experience a slight increase in 2024 and a high
single-digit to low double-digit percentage growth in 5G phones. Meanwhile, MediaTek also forecasted that the



66     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


smartphone market will return to low single-digit percentage growth in 2024, driven by the adoption of generative
AI which will drive a wave of smartphone upgrades and the penetration rate of 5G phones is expected to increase
to 60%.

In terms of the largest smartphone market, China, 2023 also marked the lowest shipments volume in a decade,
attributed to a soft economic recovery along with weak consumer confidence. While the Chinese smartphone
market remains challenged, it is moving towards recovery with the fourth quarter of 2023 with a year-on-year
growth of 1.2%, marking the end of ten consecutive quarters of year-on-year decline. The resilient high-end
consumers in the tier 1–3 cities were the key drivers, fueling demand for flagship products. In contrast, demand for
low- to mid-range devices remained weak, hindering the overall market growth as they constitute over half of the
smartphone market in China. Reviewing the entirety of 2023, the overall smartphone market remained sluggish in
the first half-year due to economic conditions and in the second half-year, with an improvement in the economic
environment and increased enthusiasm and attention towards the smartphone market, demand gradually
improved. However, brand companies maintained a cautious and conservative attitude towards shipments. Looking
forward, according to IDC’s December 2023 report of the China smartphone market, the shipments is projected to
reach 287 million units in 2024, marking a 3.6% year-on-year increase and achieving the first annual growth since
2021. Meanwhile, the market is closely monitoring whether future fiscal and monetary policies in China can
enhance consumer confidence, consequently driving the overall recovery of the smartphone market.

Regarding the Indian smartphone market, according to an IDC report published in February 2024, India’s
smartphone shipments grew by 1% year-over-year to 146 million in 2023. Over the year, the growth was
hampered by factors such as inventory challenges, minimal improvements in inflation, and fluctuating demand for
most of the year. The first half of the year was challenging due to ongoing macroeconomic turbulence leading to
low demand and an inventory build-up. Yet, the market started recovering in the second half of the year supported
by 5G upgrades and several new models launches. Looking ahead to 2024, despite better macroeconomic
conditions, premiumisation and diffusion of affordable 5G, as the major challenges faced in the previous year are
expected to persist, continuing to impact the new year, the road to recovery for the Indian smartphone market
appears strained. As per IDC’s estimation, there will be flat to low single-digit annual growth in 2024, primarily
driven by upgraders in the (US$200 to US$400) segment, supported by financing schemes, extended warranties,
and upgrade programs. In addition, it’s worth noting that the 2024 Indian elections could impact the Indian
smartphone industry through potential changes in government policies on manufacturing, import tariffs, and digital
infrastructure investments, affecting consumer confidence and spending, regulatory environments, and
encouraging local versus international manufacturers, thereby shaping the market’s growth and competitive
landscape.

Geopolitical Tensions
In 2024, ongoing geopolitical risks are expected to persist, continuously impacting the global economy and
reshaping international structures. The escalating tech war between the U.S. and China, in particular, is projected
to continue its detrimental impact on the global economy. This confrontation has already affected various sectors,
including trade, technology, and investment, over recent years. An IMF blog post from 28 August 2023,
underscores the costs of fragmentation, indicating that greater international trade restrictions could potentially
reduce global economic output by as much as 7% over the long term. In addition, it’s worth mentioning that 2024
has been dubbed a “super election year” or even the biggest election year in history, with more than 60 countries
worldwide set to hold national elections. This widespread political activity is expected to further impact global
market dynamics. As for the United States, the November 2024 election may heighten tense diplomatic relations



                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    67
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


and affect market sentiment since both candidates are committed to maintaining high tariffs on China, with Trump
even considering imposing tariffs exceeding 60% if elected. Such policies could lead to increased costs for
consumers and businesses worldwide and influence global trade patterns. Additionally, elections in other populous
countries, such as Russia, Mexico, and India, are also under the international spotlight, each expected to contribute
in various ways to the global economic landscape.

Manufacturing Diversification
In recent years, escalating geopolitical tensions between China and the United States, coupled with the outbreak of
the COVID-19 pandemic, have caused substantial uncertainty in the global economy and highlighted the risks of
relying too heavily on a single region for global supply chains. Consequently, global electronics manufacturers have
increasingly sought to reduce their reliance on China by diversifying their supply chains to include other specific
regions. According to the results of AmCham Shanghai’s 2023 China Business Survey released in September 2023,
22% of respondents are decreasing investment in China in 2023, with the top reason being uncertainty about the
U.S.-China trade relationship followed by expectations of slower growth in China; 40% of respondents are
redirecting or planning to redirect investment originally planned for China, a 6-percentage point increase from last
year, with most looking towards Southeast Asia. Within this region, Vietnam and India remain consistent attractions
for global electronic manufacturers to relocate, fueled by several favourable factors such as trade liberalisation,
favourable government incentives, competitive labor costs, and government reforms. More and more leading
smartphone and PC OEMs have built their own local factories or partnered with those that have local production
capabilities. However, while individual companies are reassessing their approach to China, in the near term, China
is still expected to remain a vital hub for global manufacturing value chains given its sheer size and significant
manufacturing influence.

Product Perspectives
With the popularity of innovations and technologies, the smartphone industry has become commoditised and
highly homogenised with standardised specifications leading to increased market competition as the industry
became more fragmented. As a result, self-developed chips turned to be one of the important strategies for major
smartphone vendors to differentiate themselves and establish their competitive advantage. In the past years,
mainstream smartphone brands have launched several products with self-developed chips including Image Signal
Processing (ISP), Neural Processing Unit (NPU), and System on Chip (SOC). However, a major Chinese mobile phone
brand has announced its withdrawal from the IC design business, and thousands of Chinese IC design companies
have closed due to the high cost of self-developing chips and no luck with recovery in the mobile phone market in
the first half of 2023. The smartphone market remained quiet until the second half of 2023, when a wave of new
smartphones featuring generative AI functionality was introduced. This surge followed the announcements from
the top two smartphone chipset manufacturers, Qualcomm and MTK, who revealed their premium chips embedded
with AI capabilities. Also, there has been a significant development for foldable smartphones in 2023. Apart from
Apple, almost all major manufacturers have introduced their own foldable phones. Counterpoint Research pointed
out that with technological advancements, the expensive cost of structure for foldable products will decrease and
therefore more market opportunities for foldable phones in the coming year. Last but not least, we have seen new
mobile devices with untraditional designs in terms of appearance and size in 2024 CES. Examples include the
Rabbit r1 AI Pocket Companion showcased by AI startup Rabbit Inc. and Humane’s AI Pin. These AI-driven
companion devices might potentially change the way of human-device interaction and invites users to rethink the
conventional smartphone experience.




68     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


R&D Competence Building
To meet its customers’ increasingly sophisticated needs, the Group has continuously maintained its business
strategy of keep investing in R&D which is core competence of the Group, and cultivates global research talents to
secure the competency and is continuously engaged in product research and design activities to architect and
manufacture its customers’ products in the most cost-effective and consistent manner, with a focus on assisting its
customers with product creation, development and manufacturing solutions thereby further strengthening
competencies. Due to the ever-intensifying competition in the smartphone industry, companies are continuing to
spend on R&D. For smartphone makers, the scope of differentiation has been reduced due to each company
aggressively investing in R&D. While on the one hand, this helps the companies grow the popularity of their
smartphone models, on the other, it has become essential due to rapidly evolving customer needs and tastes and
preferences. The Group has dedicated PD (Product Development)/PM (Product Manufacturing) and R&D teams that
are composed of experienced talents with superior industrial design capabilities and solid experiences in mass
production, which gives the Group its own capabilities of creation, and ability of continuously improving qualities,
yield rate, mass production, and customised design. To keep maintaining competitive edge against industry rivals,
the Group’s design centers are undergoing the optimisation practices on product development process to achieve
increased agility and also to meet the tremendous pace of technological changes and customers’ needs. The design
centers are proactively establishing product portfolio and use it as a marketing tool to approach potential clients;
this approach can increase the product development efficiency. The product development cost can be shared by
various clients; hence, the implementation for this approach can enhance the competency. To aggressively keep
abreast on the latest industry trend, employees are encouraged to keep up with new mobile device industry’s
technological knowledge (e.g. 5G) and to embrace new technological requirements for stepping into the Artificial
Intelligence of Things (AIoT), Internet of Vehicle (IoV) and medical devices industries. Seminars and technology
roadmap sharing meetings are hosted with clients and key component suppliers and targeted vendors who are
defining or leading in particular technological categories to keep employees connected with innovation trend.
Internally, design centers are striving to promote an atmosphere for keeping abreast of new technologies by
granting rewards to encourage R&D staff for submitting patents applications and hosting inter department
technology sharing sessions, and attending trade shows.

The Group’s design centers are in close proximity to leading global clients and new technology zones. They are also
located in those highly competitive markets in the mobile devices industry. They are able to provide services from
product innovation concepts to final product productions, in whole or in part. Their full R&D function resources,
global manufacturing support, experienced teams in serving worldwide clients’ requirements for large demand, and
complex product projects become fundamental for tightening business relationships with customers. Their proven
record of serving worldwide clients demonstrates the ability and adaptability to serve not only brand customers but
also leading telecommunications operators. The one stop R&D services model along with experienced program/
engineering service and in-house manufacturing capability can significantly decrease customers’ program
management efforts; hence, the customers can then focus on their core in promoting their brand products. These
value-added services uphold the customer-centric service mindset. As a whole, the R&D team helps to deliver
corporate strategies; so that it highlights promising ways to reposition the business through new platforms.

The R&D team serves as the Group’s innovation engine. Offensively, the R&D team’s role is the leading vanguard
for the Group’s transformation in outreach in different fields; defensively, its full service function differentiates the
Group’s R&D team from pure manufacturing service factories and/or R&D service companies. The R&D team stands
in solid position to promote the Group’s manufacturing resource advantage to customers in product designs. The
R&D team also contributes to the manufacturing upgrades and assist factories for the digitalised manufacturing



                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      69
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


process. All these have allowed the Group to develop a full range of smartphones products with innovations in
industrial design, camera and audio applications to differentiate the Group’s products from market competition
and enable the Group to penetrate global mobile market share. The Group has fully utilised the strength of the
Hon Hai Technology Group in vertical integration for product creation. The one-stop shopping service and
abundant resource of the Group (with support from the Hon Hai Technology Group, providing scale, solid
experience and control in key components) are especially attractive for Chinese brands. The Group’s ability to
continuously upgrade its technologies and stay ahead of its competitors will be a big determinant in the Group
being able to maintain competitive advantage and alleviate the margins erosion pressure. To enhance the
competitiveness of us, the R&D team will continue to innovate on technologies so that we can further enhance our
technology strengths and innovation on software development, cloud computing, industrial design, image and
audio quality, user experience, Artificial Intelligence, automation and robots, advanced networking system, medical
IoT, advanced mechanical and manufacturing Technologies, etc. which will be adopted by various products that the
Group will offer, including not only mobile phones, but also data modules, network products, IoT devices, ESG
friendly things (ePaper devices) and automotive products. The R&D team leverages on the entire product portfolio
of mobile and wearable devices to address the opportunity for consumer IoT market and differentiate the IoT
products with advanced voice user interfaces and better audio and video features. With over 15 years’ experience
in consumer products development and over 10 years’ experience in Android software development, the Group will
contribute its great capabilities in software and hardware integration and optimisation to roll out disruptive
products for automobiles (telematics box, in-vehicle infotainment system, smart cockpit, etc.), taking advantage of
the Group’s extensive knowledge of user experience and software development in mobile ecosystems to seamlessly
integrate the automobile into the driver’s mobile-centric lifestyle. The Group has made further investment in R&D
of new technologies to ensure future business momentum and identify and address the changing demands of
customers, industry trends and competitiveness. Including next generation communication, low-earth-orbit (LEO)
ground user terminal, flat phased array antenna development and 6G NTN technology. In India, the Group has
been building up its R&D capability and capacity.

FIH has amassed over 20 years of design experience in mobile devices and telecommunications products, and is
now actively applying this expertise to the development of Telematics Boxes. We aim to provide automotive
manufacturers with solutions that are developed more rapidly and with higher quality than those of traditional
vendors. Benefiting from the stringent demands of mobile phone antenna design, we demonstrate a high level of
proficiency in the field of Telematics Boxes, successfully integrating traditionally dispersed antennas into compact
Shark Fin antennas or Conformal antennas. Our expertise in thermal design ensures that our automotive electronic
products can withstand harsh environments. Additionally, our extensive experience in software integration
guarantees communication reliability and network security with the complex systems on vehicles. FIH has already
supplied products to one world-class automobile manufacturer and plans to continue expanding our customer base
and product line.

Looking ahead, the Group understands the tremendous challenges that have occurred previously and will continue
to anticipate new factors that might emerge in 2024. In 2020, the Group has carried out large scale rightsizing and
restructuring to eliminate redundant assets and become leaner and has continued to carry out the rationalisation
works which improved utilisation and realised cost savings. The Group has implemented and maintained sound and
effective systems of internal control and ERM to cope with all these challenges and uncertainties from time to time
as well as to maintain and enhance its performance. For details, please refer to the section headed “Accountability
and Audit” of the Company’s 2023 corporate governance report, which forms part of the Company’s 2023 annual
report incorporating this report of the directors.



70     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Key Risks Faced in 2023
Regarding key risks faced in the first half of 2023, please refer to the major risk items below.

Industry Risks
Risks Pertaining to the Handset Business and Poor Demand
As mentioned above, there was a year-over-year decline in global handset shipments in 2023. Amid the lingering
effects of post-pandemic inflation and macroeconomic challenges on the global economy, mobile phone
manufacturers faced another challenging period in 2023 following a difficult year in 2022. The global economy has
remained in a fragile state in 2023, with the mounting cost of living stretching consumers’ budgets, the impact of
inflation lingering, and the slow pace of economic growth continuing to subdue demand for mobile phones
worldwide. Although interest rate hikes could curb rampant inflation, they also affected people’s purchasing
power, dampening consumer appetites and pushing them to curb or postpone discretionary spending, such as on
mobile phones. Additionally, the extended smartphone replacement cycle and the burgeoning refurbished
smartphone market in recent years have also had a significant impact on the market. Moreover, as reported by IDC,
China, being the largest global smartphone market, experienced a 5% year-over-year decline in smartphone
shipments in 2023 due to the soft economic recovery and weak consumer sentiment. The volatility in the Chinese
market continued to impact global market volumes.

Externally, the EMS business model is facing big challenges, excessive capacity, and fierce competition and the
existence of a high number of market participants in OEM market due to low entrance barrier in all areas and the
highly cost-competitiveness of peers in China and India results in competitive pricing and aggressive pricing is a
common business dynamic and our customers are extremely price sensitive, which reduces market revenue
potential and pricing pressure continued to be high and it is hard to win new business and we may have to offer
prices as low as some of our competitors and it is difficult to maintain historical or target margins. The EMS industry
is a low margin industry and competitors always provide EMS services at prices we are unable or unwilling to offer
and the Group must lean out all processes control costs and offer industry-leading manufacturing services at a
competitive cost so as to meet customers’ cost expectations. The Group also has to control BOM (Bill of Materials)
costs and manufacturing costs and improve efficiency, productivity and yields, and counter gross margin erosion
pressure while continuing to monitor the impact of factors affecting the business of customers and their financial
health. Internally, we may also need to make changes on organisation, resource allocation, technology focus and
culture. As component prices are on an average, the key focus lies on the labour costs and yields. A low operating
margin is viewed as an impediment to growth, considering the impact it can create on expansion plans. The Group
has ceased to manufacture loss making Nokia-branded smartphones in 2019 and HMD has adopted a multi-ODM
strategy and the Group now only manufactures feature phones for HMD. To control the credit risk, the Group
ceased to accept new feature phone programs from the mid of 2022 and will basically cease to manufacture
feature phones for HMD from 2024. With all those negative factors such as unfavourable product mix, increasing
pricing pressure, low utilisation, it is extremely challenging to simultaneously maintain market share and defend
against margin erosion pressure while remaining cost competitive, lean and agile, and technologically advanced.
Through years of developing mobile and smart phones, the Group has accumulated deep technology and R&D
capabilities and also established reputation in the industry. These are the Group’s biggest assets to create values for
new target business and market. But in the past, the Group has focused on a narrow product category, mobile
phones. To enter into new territories, we have to establish new position in the chosen market and product
segments and this requires necessary adjustment on our resources allocation and building a strong business
development team. The mix of products ordered by and shipped to major customers will affect the Group’s gross
margin as high volume and low complexity manufacturing services typically have lower gross margins than more


                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     71
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


complex and lower volume services and higher concentrations of lower margin programs affected overall gross
margin. Some customers may consider insourcing previously outsourced business or some of the future productions
so as to optimise their capacity and asset utilisation and save costs. One major customer has found new
manufacturing partners in China and India and the sales to this customer dropped dramatically during current
period and it is expected that the shipment to this major customer will continue to face huge pressure in 2024.
Because of the uncertainty drop in demand, instead of placing orders of large quantity, customers place more
frequent orders of smaller quantity and production schedules from our customers in terms of volume and mix of
products or services may fluctuate and this makes it very difficult to forecast order book. With shorter demand
forward visibility, the Company has to control and optimise inventory level and working capital and material open
purchase order risk in this tough period of time. Because of keen competition and surplus capacity in the market
and the Group as a result of some of the Group’s customers facing strong headwinds, gross margin erosion
pressure of both casing and system assembly business are unprecedentedly high and such pressure will continue
into 2024 with an arduous recovery path ahead. As a whole, the challenging conditions that the Group has faced
since late 2017 have continued into 2023 and will continue into 2024 and there is continued pressure on the
Group’s gross margins generally. Based on our core competencies and considering of the cutting throat
competition from China suppliers, we may have advantages to focus on new markets in North America and
Western Europe, where China competitors may have constraint to make entry.

In addition, an increase in the frequency of some customers diverting business to the Group’s competitors or
carrying out in sourcing, changes in the volumes they outsource or price erosion pressures may also result in our
taking future further restructuring or downsizing actions. During the period, we carried out a large scale
redundancy action in China and it is expected that we will carry out rightsizing activities in some overseas sites so
as to optimise the matching of headcount with capacity requirement. The Group will have to incur higher operating
expenses during periods of transitioning programs to competitors. Any such restructuring or downsizing activities,
if undertaken at all, could adversely impact the Group’s operating and financial performance in the short to
medium terms, and may require the Group to further adjust its strategy and operations. As a whole, despite these
challenges, the Group underscores its resilience through adaptive strategies and the Group will continue to control
costs and remain agile and asset light and monitor market landscape and customer performances and utilisation of
assets and assess the need to do rightsizing at the appropriate time in a determined manner. To compete
effectively, we must continue to provide technologically advanced manufacturing services, maintain strict quality
standards, respond flexibly and rapidly to customers’ design and schedule changes, deliver products globally on a
reliable basis at competitive prices and seek to create enhanced relationships with our customers with our advanced
technology and engineering solutions. This entails meeting stringent delivery timelines and adhering to regulatory
and contractual obligations. With our robust R&D capabilities and strong manufacturing prowess and agile
response mechanisms, we are fully prepared to navigate the competitive landscape. Our engineers are actively
acquiring quality standard certifications, participating in comprehensive training programs, and deepening their
understanding of emerging fields. In the long term, as overall demand may increase when geo-political tensions
vanish, market participants will be able to expand through making capital investments in technical operations, as
well as investments in new product implementation processes to combat rapidly changing market and customer
preference. But such investments can carry significant financial risk as the new market segments may need time to
nurture and to dominant, so that the Group may enjoy good profit when the market taking off. But the reality is
that there is no guarantee of future business.




72     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Operational Risks
Reliance on Key Customers and Credit Risks and Increase in Allowance for Expected Credit Loss


(i)   We are dependent on the success of our customers and the general economy and its pace of recovery and
      markets in which they operate. When our customers or the markets in which they operate experience declines
      or grow at a significantly slower pace than anticipated, we will be adversely affected. The Group’s five largest
      customers account for 88.98% of the Group’s total revenue. Due to customer concentration, we are highly
      dependent on the continued growth, appeal of products, viability and financial stability of our customers. The
      Group has strong established relationships with these major customers and it is a big challenge to maintain
      good bargaining power with these customers in such a dynamic and highly competitive marketplace with
      surplus manufacturing capacity and weak and shrinking demand and accumulated inventory. Because of the
      intense competition among our customers and their competitors, our customers have to reduce prices for
      their products and directly increase the pricing pressure placed on us. The Group relies on a relatively small
      number of customers for a substantial portion of our sales, and our ability to replace declining sales from end-
      of-life programs and customer disengagements with new business wins and declines in sales to these
      customers could reduce our net sales. Please refer to the sections headed “Key Relationships with Customers,
      Suppliers and Employees” and “Geographical Segments” above of this report of the directors for the details
      of our assessment of the risk presented to the Group and our actions to manage such risk. The majority of
      the Group’s trade receivables are from key established customers with whom the Group has strong
      established working and business relationships.

      The credit terms granted to them are in the range of 30 to 90 days and are in line with those granted to other
      customers of the Group. As market is volatile and competitive and slowdown of general economy, FED
      balance sheet tightening, soaring inflation and interest rate hikes and credit tightness and market conditions
      and increasing cost of borrowing could have impact on the businesses and operating performance and access
      to debt and equity financing and liquidity and cash conversion cycle and cash position and working capital
      and financial condition of some of our customers, including any impact on their ability to meet their
      contractual obligations and trade account payables. Such financial difficulties, if experienced by one or more
      of our customers, will significantly affect the ability of these customers to make timely payment or to
      purchase inventory required to support their businesses. Likewise, we remain in close contact with our
      customers to understand the impact of all those unfavourable factors on their businesses and the resulting
      potential impact on our business in a pro-active manner. The Group kept monitoring credit position and late
      payments of customers and collections from customers and assessed default risks and going concern risk of
      customers in tight cash position and financial distress and reviewed adequacy of allowance for expected credit
      loss. In particular, the Group’s finance team continued to monitor closely business performance, cash position
      and liquidity, late payments and financial stability, of HMD and its credit status and going-concern risk and
      take necessary actions to mitigate the risks. The Group had some small customers and the exposure to these
      financially troubled customers might adversely affect our financial results too. Especially due to the economic
      slowdown, some of the small customers might experience financial difficulty and the Group could have
      difficulty recovering amounts owed to us, or demand for our products and services from these customers
      could decline. If one or more of our customers were to become insolvent or otherwise were unable to pay to
      us in a timely manner, or at all, our financial results and condition could be affected and there was a need to
      increase expected credit loss allowance, days of our trade receivables and working capital requirements due
      to higher inventory levels and amount of write-off of inventory.




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     73
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        Given the increased risk to the timely collection of trade receivables when payments from certain customers
        of the Group had been deferred, management expected the default rate would increase accordingly due to
        the tough economic environment and sluggish demand. After making the assessment, management
        confirmed that the risk had increased dramatically and ultimately HMD might not be able to meet obligations
        as they came due based on what’s known and knowable. Even if HMD is going to generate some profits, this
        is not leading yet to stronger cash position due to quarterly seasonality in the first quarter of 2024 and
        business critical royalty payments. In addition, HMD cannot drain their cash reserves while they are preparing
        for the critical brand transition in the first half of 2024. For customer with increasing credit risk, the
        management had appointed an independent valuer to assist the estimation of the expected credit loss
        allowance provision of the trade receivables due from such customer by determining an appropriate
        probability of default rate, forward looking adjustments and estimated loss given default rate. The Group uses
        provision matrix to calculate expected credit loss allowances for trade receivables which are not credit-
        impaired or with increasing credit risk. The provision matrix is based on debtor’s aging of groups of various
        debtors that have similar loss patterns. The provision rate is based on the Group’s historical observed default
        rates taking into consideration of forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable and
        available without undue costs or effort. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are
        reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered. In light of high uncertainties of
        global economy and handset market and heightened geo-political tension, the Group reassessed the expected
        credit loss allowances by increasing the expected credit loss percentage for overdue trade receivables during
        the current period.

(ii)    The gross margin of system assembly and casing business eroded seriously. The Group has been keen to
        develop new customers overseas and manufacture products other than mobile phones. Finally, the core
        business of the U.S. Internet customer is not in the mobile phone sector and any change to the business
        strategy of this customer may affect our sales to this customer. But it is encouraging that this customer is
        keen to devote resources to the mobile phone business. Finally, our customers may experience dramatic
        market share shifts in demand which may cause them to lose market share or pricing power or exit/downsize
        their businesses.

(iii)   End market demand slowed down and product life cycle is shortened and preferences by end customers may
        change, in order to reduce risk, most of our customers do not commit to firm production schedules for more
        than one quarter and we continue to experience reduced lead-times in customer orders and they may cancel
        their orders, change order quantities, delay production and shipment or continually evaluating the merits of
        manufacturing products internally against the advantages of outsourcing and change their sourcing
        strategies. The short-term nature of our customers’ commitments and the possibility of rapid and frequent
        changes in demand for their products and order fluctuations impede our ability to forecast the level of
        customer orders with certainty and makes it difficult to schedule production and maximise utilisation of
        manufacturing capacity and plan material requirements and control inventory and headcounts, and may lead
        to the write downs of excess or obsolete inventory or cancel materials ordered that we may not be able to sell
        to customers or third parties. In that regard, we must make significant decisions, including determining the
        levels and volume of business and net income and affordable credit, inventory and business risks that the
        Group will seek and accept, setting production schedules, making materials/component procurement
        commitments, optimising asset utilisation and allocating personnel and other resources based on our
        estimates of our customers’ requirements and demand visibility and the volatility and strategic decisions to
        maintain long term customer relationships and develop in some countries. Should any of our larger customers
        in this market fail to effectively compete with their competitors in the end markets, they could reduce their



74       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


       orders to us or experience liquidity difficulties or delay payments to us. Finally, there may be changes to
       existing business models of buy-and-sell to consignment and top line and gross margin and net margin will
       change accordingly as for the consignment model, we can only recognise the “Processing Income” and not
       sales income in the statement of profit or loss as we do not bear any inventory risk and financial risk. Buy-
       and-sell business model means a company buys the materials and adds value and then sells to customers
       whilst consignment business models means the customer owns the materials and consigns the materials to
       the contractor/OEM to do the processing works and then OEM ships finished products to the customer and
       records processing fee income in its financial statements. For ODM programs, we have been requested by
       customers to incur upfront expenses like consumables and tooling in order to meet the anticipated demand
       and we can only bill the customers when mass production starts. Any delays in the receipt of these money
       will affect the booking of other income. Also, we may not be able to pass those unanticipated costs in the
       ramping-up process through to our customers or otherwise offset them. As many of our costs and overheads
       and operating expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand, particularly a reduction in
       demand for a product that represents a significant portion of the Group’s total revenue, will reduce the
       contribution margin and can harm our gross profit margins.

(iv)   To reduce customer concentration risk and to increase capacity utilisation, the Group has put a lot of
       resources and effort into developing new customers. We have already identified multiple new segments
       which the Group may be able establish significant dominant position, given sufficient time to expand product
       lines and to develop these emerging markets — such as digital healthcare, medical IoT, recycling robots,
       advanced networking equipment, EV as first tier supplier, video conference system…etc. The building up of
       business relationships with new or recent customers may present more risks than with existing customers as it
       needs time to nurture new market segments and to dominant and products of new customers are new to the
       market and there is no track record of order volume and timing and it is not certain whether their untested
       new products can gain commercial acceptance by the market with looming demand and this make it harder
       for us to anticipate requirements and plan purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated
       demand than with established customers. It also tests our ability to manage successfully and execute a
       complex business model characterised by high product mix and demanding quality, regulatory, and other
       requirements. Ramping new programs may require months before production starts, and often requires
       significant up-front investments and start-up costs relating to new tooling and processes and personnel and
       increased working capital and our design activities often require the purchase of inventory for initial
       production runs before we have a firm purchase commitment from a customer and we may not be able to
       recover from the new customers. These are particularly evident in the early stages of the life cycle of new
       products. Our customers may significantly change/delay these programs, or even cancel them altogether, due
       to decreases in their end-market demand or in the actual or anticipated success of their products in the
       market place. As the financial condition of these new customers may not be very strong, the tightening of
       financing for start-up customers, together with many start-up customers’ lack of prior operations and
       unproven product markets increase our credit risk and their cash position can be affected if their products
       cannot sell well. Sometimes we have to offer longer payment terms and the credit risk can be higher. But we
       will perform rigid credit worthiness assessment and business model evaluation before engaging with a new
       customer and control credit amount in the very beginning. We will also consider buying credit insurance to
       give adequate cover to potential financial exposure. Our goal is to ensure that our terms of engagement
       appropriately reflect anticipated costs, risks and rewards. But there is the risk that new program wins and/or
       customer demand may not result in the expected revenue or profitability and customer orders may not lead
       to long-term relationships.




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    75
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Financial Risks
Foreign Exchange Risks
Please refer to the section headed “Financial Performance” above of this report of the directors for the details on
how to mitigate such risks. Money market is volatile and the figures for 2023 and future periods can differ
significantly from historical figures. The volatility in 2023 significantly affected the Group’s performance in both
functional currency and local currency. Initially, as the year began, the anticipation of economic recovery in China
caused the RMB, the group’s primary local currency, surging until May 2023. However, unforeseen challenges
arose in China, including a drop in exports, the bankruptcy of real estate conglomerates, and a noteworthy outflow
of foreign investments, leading to a sharp downturn in the value of the RMB. At the same time, the FED chose to
continue raising interest rates to fight inflation which caused the bullish of USD and increased borrowing cost.

In 2023, the FED continued to hike interest rates and approved its first rate hike of the year in February, raising the
target federal funds rate to between 4.50% and 4.75%. By the end of 2023, interest rates had reached between
5.25% and 5.50%. Overall, 2023 was a period of high interest rates.

Technology Risks
Cyber Risk Controls
Regarding cyber risk, the Group has in place an information/cyber security policy which provides adequate security
controls and protection of the financial data and business information. IT department has published a handbook
which requires employees to follow strictly so that the cyber security risks can be managed and controlled across
the organisation (particular for the network control) and make sure machine and system operate well and avoid
any information leakage. Besides, IT department has a procedure and a guideline in place enabling them to respond
immediately when a cyber-attack is detected. For the network control, all the computer servers are located in a
Local Network Area (Intranet) using a redundant firewall design. Besides, there is a Global Security Operation
Centre (GSOC) which helps manufacturing and functional units monitor their network to ensure any attack to the
computer system can be detected immediately and IT department prepares a monthly report to report if any
incidence of cyber-attack has been detected. In addition, IT department has a disaster recovery plan and procedure
in place to ensure immediate and effective responses/actions can be initiated when there is an attack to minimise
potential harmful impact/losses and operation can be restored rapidly to avoid any business interruption and enable
continuing running of business operations of the Group.

Risk and Opportunities of 2024
As 2023 came to an end, we observed global markets and economies navigating a turbulent year of interest rate
rises and surging inflation. 2024 poses another challenging year for the global economy, with core inflation
remaining elevated and the response of central banks to interest rate movements continuing to strain economic
activities. Inflation, the recovery of China’s economy, and geopolitical concerns will persist as dominant factors in
2024, negatively impacting both consumer demand and brands’ operating costs. The global economic gloom will
continue to influence consumers’ shopping habits, and the handset industry remains highly unpredictable, requiring
agility to adapt to the new reality. Faced with global risks, ongoing uncertainties, and an evolving situation
impacting the timing and path of recovery in each market, we must pay extra careful attention to macroeconomic
and political issues in the regions/geographical segments where we produce and sell our products. Additionally, we
need to be proactive and develop risk mitigation strategies that can be implemented quickly. The Group’s future
business plan would focus on remaining lean and agile and asset light and continually monitor the external macro
environment and market competition conditions and internal operational excellence to respond accordingly and
continue to devote resources to enhance R&D and business development capabilities.


76     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or the industry or geographies in which we operate.
There may be other risks beyond those listed below that are not currently known to the Group or may not be
material now but could become significant in the future and affect and impair our business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows and also the business of our customers and suppliers and other stakeholders. If
any of the following risks, some combination of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or
are now deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer.
To the extent the global economic slowdown and Ukraine warfare and inflation and strong USD and interest rate
hikes can adversely affect our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the
other risks described in this section. Unless specified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to
quantify the financial or other implication of any of the risks mentioned in this section. In particular, 2024 risk
factors and opportunities include:

Major risks include:
(I)   Demand Side
      Weak Demand and Risk of Sales Reduction to Some Customers and Possible Need of Continuous
      Restructuring/Rightsizing Activities


      (i)    As mentioned in the preceding sections, by 2023, supply chain disruptions had ceased and the handset
             industry transformed into a demand-constrained market with end customers becoming even more price-
             sensitive. Looking ahead to 2024, there is a consensus on the gradual recovery of the global smartphone
             market. According to an IDC report published in January 2024, global smartphone shipments declined
             by 3.2% year over year to 1.17 billion units in 2023. While this represents the lowest full-year volume in
             a decade, growth in the second half of the year has solidified the expected recovery for 2024. Earlier, a
             report from IDC in February 2024 predicted that the market recovery would continue in 2024, with an
             expected growth of 2.8%. Nevertheless, it’s worth noting that uncertainties persist in the market in the
             new year, influenced by the rather pessimistic global economic outlook for 2024, as explained in the
             preceding segments. Additionally, many of our customers have expressed the need to deplete their
             existing inventory during the first half of 2024, implying that we will only receive new Request for
             Proposals (RFPs) until that period. Some believe that mobile phones now exhibit strong performance
             with all kinds of basic functions and that there is no breakthrough in product form. The marginal effect
             of changing mobile phones is considered very small. The decline in consumer demand for mobile
             phones is directly reflected in shipments. Most of our customers do not commit to long-term production
             schedules and may cancel orders, change production quantities, delay production, or alter their sourcing
             strategy. Customer relationships with emerging companies may pose more risks than those with
             established companies. With declining sales, we may struggle to maintain our leadership in the mobile
             phone EMS industry. In the saturated handset market, brands will need to carefully consider factors
             influencing consumer behaviours and respond accordingly. Vendors are cautiously approaching the
             market with profitability targets, lean operations, and inventory clearing as top priorities. However, for
             vendors with long-term ambitions and capital to invest, challenging market conditions provide an
             excellent environment to capture market share, showcase commitment and intentions to new markets,
             and establish close partnerships with the channel.

      (ii)   The success of the Group is closely tied to the success of our customers. A substantial percentage of our
             sales are made to a small number of customers, all of which usually operate in markets with severe
             competition, posing a high concentration risk to both the top line and bottom line of the Group. Market


                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     77
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


             developments experienced by our customers and/or market acceptance of their new products/models or
             new customer development may, from time to time, affect the Group’s business. It is difficult to project
             the future order book of the Group and quarterly performances. A major customer of the Group found
             new local manufacturing partners in China and India, resulting in a dramatic drop in sales to this
             customer in 2023, and the 2024 outlook is pessimistic. In particular, peers in China are very cost-
             competitive. In India, this customer sought local manufacturing partners to benefit from the new
             manufacturing partner’s eligibility for government incentives under the PLI (Production Linked Incentive)
             scheme. This customer also experienced a steady decline in sales and market share in India, along with
             regulatory challenges. In India, the risk of income tax audits is a common concern for all Chinese players,
             who have over 65% of volume share in smartphones in India. Another general risk in India, common to
             the entire market, is the upcoming state and federal elections in May 2024, and the first quarter and
             especially second quarter of 2024 will be a sensitive time in the capital markets. Sales to some other
             major customers may also be subject to significant pressure as market demand continues to be very
             weak, and the customers face headwinds of all kinds. For another major customer, it is anticipated there
             will be a demand drop in 2024 as the corporate end customers (leading Indian Telecom Operator) of
             this customer curtail deployment of 5G towers after meeting the minimum roll-out obligation of 5G in
             the Licensed Service Areas (LSA) in accordance with the norms set by the Department of
             Telecommunications (DoT). We foresee that the demand would remain subdued for most of 2024 till
             the start of next CAPEX cycle.

     (iii)   Gross margin can vary from period to period, making it challenging to maintain gross margin in the
             highly competitive marketplace with significant margin erosion pressure. Different programs (both old
             and new) may contribute different gross margins, depending on the type of services involved, the
             complexity of the product, business model, volume of the programs, and bill of material costs. Usually,
             in the early stages, manufacturing volumes are still low, and the gross margin is low as new programs
             need time to ramp up and achieve economies of scale, and there are unabsorbed manufacturing
             overhead costs to bear. Our customers are constantly seeking to reduce costs in their supply chains and
             increasingly imposing cost-reduction requirements. While we focus on reducing our costs to address
             pricing pressure, we face significant pressure to achieve proportionate reductions in costs or sustain our
             current rate of cost reduction. Certainly, these pressures on pricing and costs in the mobile phone
             industry will persist. Any broad-based change in our prices and pricing policies will reduce our revenues
             and erode our margins. In particular, peers in China are very cost-competitive, which is why the Group
             has to move the gravity out of China. Based on the core competencies of the Group and considering
             the cutthroat competition from Chinese peers, we may have advantages in focusing on new markets in
             North America and Western Europe, where Chinese competitors may face constraints in making entry.
             We face risks arising from the restructuring of our operations. The move out of China and the decline of
             the Group’s sales in China resulted in deteriorating utilisation of assets in China, and there is a
             continuous need to carry out large-scale and decisive downsizing and restructuring in Northern China to
             rationalise the headcounts and align our capacity with current and anticipated customer demand. There
             is a need to make severance payments according to local labor law requirements, and the amount can
             be very large, potentially affecting the Group’s performance in that year. We have been extremely
             careful when handling restructuring as it may impact employee morale. As the market is dynamic,
             additional restructuring actions may be required in the coming period, possibly in some overseas sites,
             which are subject to different legal and regulatory requirements governing the extent and speed of our
             ability to reduce our capacity and workforce. The process of restructuring entails, among other activities,



78      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


         moving production between sites and facilities, transferring programs from higher-cost locations to
         lower-cost locations, trimming facilities, reducing the level of staff, realigning our business processes,
         and reorganising our management, and all these may incur costs in the short term with the expectation
         of cost savings and efficiency enhancement in the long term.

  (iv)   With major economies experiencing weak growth, the global economic growth has been sluggish so far
         this year. For China, exports plummeted, real estate is in an unprecedented crisis and domestic
         consumption has been struggling to recover. The job prospects for young people remains gloomy and
         there are several structural reasons for the elevated youth unemployment. On the demand side, the
         property, internet, and education sectors, which absorb a large portion of university graduates every
         year, are still coping with the residual impact of the regulatory clampdowns of the last few years.
         Second, many smaller businesses that closed during the pandemic haven’t reopened. The swelling ranks
         of jobless youth also represent a looming demographic challenge for Chinese policy makers. The
         country’s population is entering decline for the first time in six decades and is set to be overtaken by
         India’s, just as concerns mount about a structural slowdown in economic growth. China is encouraging
         companies to boost hiring as the economic recovery gathers pace, underscoring persistent worries over
         the labour market and soaring unemployment among young people.

  (v)    Most of our customers do not commit to long-term production schedules. Market demand is weak and
         there maybe risks of customer cancelling, delaying or reducing demand or orders or returning shipped
         phones which will result in open purchase order exposure and/or excess inventory or idle direct labour
         and we have to cancel the open purchase orders. For long lead time components, we usually have to
         place purchase orders in an earlier manner. Engineering changes by a customer may result in obsolete
         materials or components. While we attempt to cancel purchase order of material/component placed,
         return or otherwise mitigate excess and obsolete stock, require customers to reimburse us for these
         items and/or price our services to address related risks, we may not actually be reimbursed timely or in
         full, be able to collect on these obligations or adequately reflect such risks in our pricing. To reduce the
         risk, procurement team will exercise extra prudence and communicate well internally before placing
         purchase orders for long lead time components. Material and component supply instability and delays in
         deliveries can result in increased pricing. While many of our customers permit quarterly or other periodic
         adjustments to pricing based on changes in raw material or component prices and other factors, we will
         ask customers for price increases. But such repricing may not be accepted by customers. As explained, it
         may need quite a long time before shipment can be made to new customers as it needs time to develop
         new programs. It also needs a bit of time before profit can be made as there are start-up costs before
         shipment volume can reach break even point.

  In this inflationary environment, it is crucial for the Group to prioritise effective cost management and
  continuously seek avenues for optimising operational efficiency. By identifying opportunities for process
  improvements and embracing innovative strategies, the Group can mitigate the impact of rising costs and
  adapt to the evolving market dynamics. These proactive measures will enhance the Group’s competitive
  position amidst the challenges posed by inflation.

  The Group’s core competence is currently limited to phone-related areas, and there is a need to diversify the
  skill set.




                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     79
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(II)    Supply Side
        The Group keeps increasing the investment in India. Indian government has implemented several policies
        aimed at promoting domestic electronics industry while addressing the challenges associated with
        importation. The ‘Make in India’ initiative, launched in 2014, seeks to boost manufacturing across various
        sectors, including electronics. Under this initiative, the government has introduced policies and incentives to
        encourage local production and reduce dependency on imports. The Phased Manufacturing Program (PMP) is
        a key component of the government’s strategy. It identifies specific electronic components and devices for
        phased manufacturing, gradually increasing the domestic production of these items. This approach helps
        create a conducive environment for the growth of the electronics industry while ensuring a smooth transition
        from import-dependent to self-sufficient manufacturing.

        Despite these proactive measures, India faces challenges in implementing a robust electronics component
        importation policy. One significant challenge is the country’s historic reliance on foreign imports for critical
        components. Shifting this dependency requires policy changes but also significant investments in R&D,
        infrastructure, and skill development. Another challenge is the global nature of the electronics supply chain.
        Many technologies and components have been built and established in certain countries and regions and
        sourced from these international markets for decades, and disruptions or fluctuations in global trade can
        impact Indian domestic production. The government must strike a delicate balance between promoting local
        manufacturing and ensuring a steady supply of essential components to sustain the industries.

        By incentivising domestic production, India aims to create a self-sustaining ecosystem that not only meets
        domestic demand but also positions the country as a competitive player in the global electronics market. To
        reduce reliance on imports, the industry must invest in research and development, fostering a culture of
        innovation that can lead to the creation of indigenous technologies and products. As India navigates the
        complexities of the global supply chain, a well-calibrated approach that balances local production with global
        collaboration will be essential for the sustained growth of the electronics sector.

(III)   Asset impairment risk
        As the market is uncertain, in accordance with IFRS requirements, it is necessary to review the carrying
        amounts of assets (such as property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, goodwill, financial assets, etc.)
        at the end of the reporting period. This is done to determine whether there are any indications that they have
        suffered an impairment loss. If such indications exist, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in
        order to determine the extent of any impairment loss. Given the challenging business environment, there may
        be a requirement to recognise impairment losses, and the amounts involved could be significant.

(IV) Macro-economics
        (i)   Global
              The global economy, recovering from the unexpected shocks of the COVID-19 pandemic, Russia’s
              invasion of Ukraine, and a crisis in the cost of living, has demonstrated resilience in 2023. The rate of
              inflation has decreased more rapidly than anticipated since its peak in 2022, with the adverse effects on
              employment and economic activities proving to be less severe than expected. At the same time, high
              interest rates aimed at fighting inflation and a withdrawal of fiscal support amid high debt are expected
              to weigh on growth in 2024. According to the January 2024 IMF report, the projected economic growth
              for 2024 is expected to stay at 3.1%, aligning with the estimate for 2023. Conversely, while the U.S.




80        FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


         economy demonstrated robust resilience in 2023, the IMF estimated a decline in economic growth from
         2.5% in 2023 to 2.1% in 2024. Furthermore, the United Nations provides an even lower forecast,
         predicting that the U.S. economy growth will decline to 1.4% in 2024. These are attributed to the
         lagging impact of tightened monetary and fiscal policies, as well as a softened labour market affecting
         overall demand.

         Regarding inflation, in 2023, amid weakened demand, oil and natural gas prices experienced a general
         decline. However, concerns over supply were triggered by the Israel-Hamas Conflict, and OPEC+ also
         attempted to stimulate oil prices by extending production cuts, leading to a slight rebound in energy
         prices in December 2023. This resulted in the year-on-year Consumer Price Index (CPI) for the United
         States being 3.4%, with the core CPI at 3.9%, both surpassing market expectations. However, the core
         CPI fell below the 4% for the first time since May 2021, indicating that inflation appears to be gradually
         returning to a more normal trajectory. The IMF predicts that global inflation will continue to moderate
         and return to normal levels by 2025, and indicates that a scenario of economic soft landing is highly
         likely, where inflation decreases without a significant decline in economic activity, particularly
         pronounced in the United States, the forecast indicates a very moderate increase in the unemployment
         rate, rising from 3.7% to 3.9% by 2025. Recent economic data has been mixed, prompting the FED to
         reassess the lagging effects of aggressive interest rate hikes. The duration of maintaining high interest
         rates will depend on the future developments in inflation and employment figures.

         Besides, according to Global Trade Alert data, countries imposed around 3,000 new trade restrictions in
         2023, a substantial increase from approximately 1,100 in 2019. Affected by this, projected world trade
         growth is 3.3% in 2024 and 3.6% in 2025, falling below the historical average growth rate of 4.9%.
         These actions pose potential risks for the future, leaving 2024 in a state of uncertainty. Overall, despite
         the gradual control of inflation, there remains significant uncertainty in 2024, not only due to the
         lagging impact of tightened monetary and fiscal policies but also due to various geopolitical risks.

  (ii)   China
         Burdened by the protracted property crisis, weak consumer and business confidence, and mounting
         local government debts, the world’s second-largest economy has struggled to achieve a strong and
         sustainable post-COVID pandemic recovery in 2023. The domestic real estate crisis is a major
         impediment to economic growth. China’s real estate construction has now endured three successive
         years of decline, leading to the ongoing economy recession. Goldman Sachs forecasts a 5–7%
         contraction in China’s investment in real estate in 2024. The persistent sluggishness in the property
         market could result in a 1% reduction in GDP growth. In addition, the risk of defaults in local
         government debts also increase the market uncertain of economy. In order to provide financing for
         large-scale stimulus programs reliant on infrastructure investment, local government financing vehicles
         have accumulated a large amount of debt. More than US$646 billion government bonds will mature in
         2024, posing a challenge to local governments’ ability to refinance debt and avoid defaults. Although
         China’s GDP grew by 5.2% in 2023, meeting the government’s annual growth target, this figure still
         fell below the pre-pandemic average annual growth rate of over 6%. Furthermore, the average forecast
         among international banks, including Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, indicates a further reduction
         of 4.6% increase in GDP in 2024, which underscores the weak consumer confidence. In addition, the
         sluggishness in the property market and the defaults risk of local government debts have incurred the
         deflationary pressure. In December 2023, the CPI in China fell by 0.3% year-on-year, making the third



                                                                               A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     81
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


           consecutive negative monthly growth, showing the country’s economy is still shrouded deflation.
           Moreover, the continued downward trend in oil prices and insufficient demand for industrial goods led
           to the PPI also dropping by 2.7% in December 2023, making the fifteen consecutive negative monthly
           growth. This has deepened concerns in the market about China entering a prolonged period of
           deflation. Not only internal factors contribute to China’s economic weakness, but the ongoing U.S.-
           China trade war continues to impact China’s economic. In recent years, due to the pandemic and
           political uncertainties, the global have highlighted the high risks and vulnerabilities of relying on China’s
           supply chain. Meanwhile, the United States and certain Western countries have implemented subsidy
           policies to encourage international companies to reduce their dependence on China production.
           According to trade data from the U.S. Department of Commerce, in the first half of 2023, China slipped
           from being the top importing country to the third, replaced by Mexico and Canada. Moreover, China’s
           FDI in 2023 continued to decline to US$156 billion (YoY -8%) in 2023 due to worsening business results
           and a less optimistic outlook for China. With both exports and investments decreasing, the market is
           uncertain whether China’s future monetary and fiscal policies can stimulate domestic demand. In
           summary, the market expects that the U.S.-China trade war will continue to intensify, and China’s
           economy still faces significant uncertainties in 2024.

(V)   Performance of associates and a joint venture
      The investments in associates and a joint venture are accounted for using the equity method in the Group’s
      consolidated financial statements. The unprecedented and uncertain global environment may result in a wide
      range of potentially negative long-term consequences, giving rise to potential losses in operations and discrete
      losses or expenses, such as those related to goodwill and intangible assets in these associates and the joint
      venture. Under the equity method, investments in associates or a joint venture are initially recognised in the
      consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of
      the profit or loss and OCI (Other Comprehensive Income) of the associates or joint venture. The Group needs
      to share the results of associates and the joint venture. The Group also needs to assess whether there is
      objective evidence that the interest in associates and a joint venture may be impaired. When objective
      evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in
      accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair
      value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. During the current period, the share of the loss of a joint
      venture was US$20.2 million (YTD December 2022: US$4.4 million), and the share of the loss of associates
      was US$0.3 million (YTD December 2022: US$3.1 million). The share of the loss of the joint venture includes
      the share of the full impairment of goodwill of US$16.2 million as the joint venture suffered a loss due to
      hardware sales facing headwinds, and the EV market in mainland China is becoming hyper-competitive,
      impacting both the volume and causing pricing pressure on all suppliers. As the global economy has not yet
      recovered, demand is still weak, and competition is fierce, the impairment risk on investment is always
      present.

(VI) In 2023, through the extra effort made, the Group successfully sold land and buildings in Hangzhou,
     Hungary, and Beijing, recognising a significant after-tax gain. However, for those remaining assets, particularly
     the land and buildings in China, it is quite difficult to dispose of them as the demand for industrial property
     has shrunk dramatically. This implies that the substantial capital gain on the disposal of idle assets recorded in
     the past two years will not happen again.




82     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(VII) In India, income tax risk is now common risk for all Chinese players, who have over 65% of volume share in
      smart phones in India. The income tax department of India is aggressive all the time to collect tax revenues.


Major opportunities include:
(I)     As the technological landscape continues to change, the Group must pursue new and exciting frontiers with
        our products, continually evolving our business model to provide competitive services attractive to a wide
        range of industries. The Group has established a corporate-level Global Business Development (GBD) division
        to spearhead business development efforts, aiming to expand into new markets and capitalise on
        opportunities beyond EMS. This includes early involvement in the design and development of customers’
        products, facilitating entry into new territories. This strategy aims to fully leverage our R&D resources,
        providing value and differentiation to customers beyond manufacturing services. Implementing this strategy
        involves organisational changes, resource reallocation, adjustments in technology focus, and fostering a new
        corporate culture. However, it is important to note that this effort may take time to generate revenue and we
        recognise these industries currently require extensive investment ahead of profitability. As a result, adopting a
        mid-term and long-term perspective is crucial in terms of funding and team building for these key areas.
        Therefore, a corporate-level budget plan is necessary to ensure sufficient initial investment, securing future
        competitiveness and financial gains. But for new customers, we remain cognizant of inherent risks around
        potential payment delays, fluctuating component costs, and reliance on a handful of clients. We mitigate
        these through diligent financial vetting, diversified suppliers, stringent quality control, and maintaining
        leadership communication. It is anticipated that there will be a gradual increase in the weight of non-phone
        business in the coming period, leading to reduced reliance on conventional handset business. This shift in the
        business portfolio will contribute to increased diversification.

(II)    FIH has accumulated over 20 years of design experience in mobile devices and telecommunications products,
        and we are capitalising on our proven expertise in mobile communications in the development of Telematics
        Boxes, despite recent collaborations contractions and economic instability. Our goal is to offer automotive
        manufacturers solutions developed with greater speed and higher quality compared to traditional vendors.
        Drawing on the exacting demands of mobile phone antenna design, we demonstrate a high level of
        proficiency in Telematics Boxes, successfully integrating traditionally dispersed antennas into compact Shark
        Fin antennas or Conformal antennas. Our expertise in thermal design ensures that our automotive electronic
        products can withstand harsh environments. Furthermore, our extensive experience in software integration
        guarantees communication reliability and network security within the complex systems of vehicles. FIH has
        already supplied products to a world-class automobile manufacturer and plans to further expand our
        customer base and product line. This strategic effort will contribute to increasing the share of non-phone
        business in overall sales revenue. In summary, these efforts underscore the Group’s steadfast commitment to
        sustained innovation, expansion into emerging sectors, and the creation of long-term value for investors. The
        leveraging our mobile expertise alongside emerging digital capabilities propels our journey towards becoming
        a leading provider of cross-sector technology solutions.

(III)   Leveraging AI technology and our past experience in hardware/software integration, the Group has
        strategically expanded into the domain of AI robotics. Recently, we successfully co-developed an AI Recycling
        Robot with our customer, which can automatically identify and sort a variety of recyclable materials.
        Moreover, this robot is capable of sorting recyclables by colour and brand, and it provides real-time data
        analysis to immediately monitor recycling performance. With the help of AI technology and big data analysis,
        the Group assist in transforming labour-intensive recycling industries, support the circular economy, and
        accelerate progress towards a sustainable future.


                                                                                    A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     83
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     Despite the widespread coverage of wireless communication networks nowadays, a noteworthy revelation
     comes from a report released by the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) in September 2023 —
     nearly one-third of the global population still remains without internet access. This deficiency in coverage not
     only restricts access but also results in poor communication quality in remote areas. Meanwhile, recent
     advancements such as satellite miniaturisation and cost reductions in rocket transportation, and the impact of
     the Russia-Ukraine war further emphasise the growing importance of resilient networks. Governments
     worldwide are now prioritising the combination of satellite communication technology with terrestrial
     networks to create hybrid solutions that improve both bandwidth and coverage. By leveraging the experience
     and professional capabilities in wireless communications, the Group has expanded its capabilities into the
     development of user terminals, phased-array antennas, and antenna subsystems, incorporating manufacturing
     for integration into the final product to support the realisation of the Group’s strategy and positions it to
     capture the opportunities presented by the evolving landscape of global communication networks.

(IV) As mentioned above, India team is pitching business aggressively in new industry segments which have strong
     growth potential and also because India team has developed great expertise in these product categories over
     the last few years. The rapidly expanding Indian market remains a primary focus for the Group’s operations.
     In 2020, the Group initiated the establishment of a casing factory in India, situated in Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
     This facility encompasses full enclosure manufacturing processes and is co-located with the Group’s SMT/final
     assembly factory. Leveraging local EMS capacity alongside the Group’s robust global multi-site R&D resources,
     the Group offers a diverse range of local services, spanning from IDM, ODM, JDM, to EMS, catering to the
     evolving needs of current and potential customers across various product lines. The comprehensive resource
     mapping readiness positions the Group to align closely with the Indian Government’s “Made In India” (MII)
     policy. In addition to the differentiated service strategy for the Chinese market, the Group is pursuing a
     volume-driven approach for the Indian market, aiming to optimize supply chain management. These strategic
     initiatives yield benefits such as enhanced on-time delivery, reduced inventory costs, strengthened bargaining
     power, particularly in key components, and increased operational flexibility. Looking ahead to 2024, the
     Group is poised to enhance the capabilities of its casing factory by incorporating a dedicated tool shop, along
     with R&D, tooling, component manufacturing, LVI, and full assembly capabilities within an EMS facility. This
     strategic vertical integration initiative is geared towards meeting the diverse demands of both existing and
     prospective clients across emerging product lines.

     Additionally, recent findings from a survey conducted by Moody’s Investor Service in January 2024 underscore
     India’s potential as a beneficiary of the ongoing diversification of global supply chains away from China. The
     driving forces behind this trend include escalating tariffs imposed by the Chinese and U.S. governments,
     leading to heightened operational costs in China, coupled with escalating geopolitical tensions, straining
     global trade relations with China. India presents a compelling value proposition, boasting a competitive cost
     structure, a vast labor pool, and a burgeoning domestic market. Moreover, the Indian government has
     introduced various incentives and reforms to attract foreign investment and bolster the country’s
     manufacturing capabilities. However, India grapples with challenges related to infrastructure, logistics, and
     policy hurdles, hindering its ability to fully unleash its potential as a global manufacturing hub.

     Additionally, a report by Gartner in January 2024 predicts sluggish growth for the U.S. economy, projected at
     only 1% in 2024, while China’s growth trajectory remains subdued. Consequently, this economic landscape
     is anticipated to impact the demand for goods and services from both nations, creating opportunities for
     other economies in the Asia Pacific region, including India, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam.




84     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(V)   The Group has a global culture of continuous improvement, sharing best practices and implementing lean
      principles. For instance, we have introduced automated production lines that streamline our operations and
      enhance efficiency in several of our facilities. We will continue to drive lean and operational excellence
      initiatives with common global processes that allow us to optimise our cost structure and capacity.
      Meanwhile, our customers benefit from these initiatives by sharing in the cost savings and knowing that their
      manufacturing partner can scale to meet their growth needs.

1H 2024 Outlook
The Company refers to its profit warning announcement of 2 November 2023 and its announcement relating to
additional inside information about expected 2023 annual performance dated 27 February 2024 respectively, which
provided (among other things) certain updates on its expected 2023 annual performance and included information
about the various factors that contributed to the Group’s consolidated net loss for the current period and that have
persisted and were expected to continue into at least the six months ending 30 June 2024 (1H 2024).

Given the various challenging factors (including without limitation those relating to slow economic recovery, geo-
political tensions, generally weak handset demand, keen competition, margin erosion pressure, inflationary
pressure, under-utilised assets, continuing downsizing and restructuring efforts and associated costs, the
performance of associates and a joint venture, asset impairment risk, and increase in Expected Credit Loss
allowance amount, exchange rate volatility, and high interest rates) described above in this “Discussion and
Analysis” section as well as the numerous variables and factors that might have adversely affected or continue to
adversely affect the Group’s performance for the current period and presumably 1H 2024, the Company considers
it is currently too early and difficult to predict meaningfully and with any precision what further adverse impact
such variables and factors might have on the Group’s performance for 1H 2024.

That being said, as it needs more time to recover, the Company currently anticipates that conditions in 1H 2024
will remain very difficult, challenging and volatile. Considering the currently available information, the Company
believes there is a realistic likelihood of a year-on-year decline in 1H 2024 sales, resulting in a deterioration of 1H
2024 gross profit, and this is likely to pose significant pressure on the Group’s operating performance in 1H 2024,
probably leading to sustained operating losses for 1H 2024.

Over the last several years, the Company has been proactively taking appropriate and reasonable steps to seek to
improve the Group’s performance notwithstanding the various challenges over that period. The Company will keep
matters under close review as 1H 2024 progresses, and will make further announcement(s), as necessary, to keep
its shareholders and potential investors informed.

In the meantime, pursuant to applicable disclosure requirements laid down by the Taiwan Stock Exchange
Corporation, Hon Hai is required to disclose in due course (which is currently expected to be in or about May 2024)
certain unaudited consolidated financial information of the Group for the first quarter of 2024, and simultaneously
upon such disclosure in Taiwan, the Company will announce the same financial information in order to facilitate
timely dissemination of information to investors and potential investors in Hong Kong and Taiwan.

The Company wishes to take this opportunity to reiterate and explain that the Group’s quarterly performance may
vary (possibly significantly) depending on various factors, including without limitation the following, individually and
collectively, and some of which are beyond the Company’s control:




                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     85
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(i)      Changes in: (1) the handset ecosystem and macro-economic environment, including changes in the global
         economy, increased international political volatility, complex geo-politics, escalating geopolitical tensions, de-
         risking relations with China, decoupling from China, de-globalisation, de-sinicisation, vigorous competition,
         consumer behaviours, inflation, and the recovery and resilience of the economy of China and other major
         economies; (2) the landscape of the handset industry; (3) major markets in different geographical segments
         generally; (4) end-market demand and consumer willingness to spend; and (5) ESG compliance requirements;

(ii)     customers and their strategies (in particular outsourcing strategy) and risk appetite and business and financial
         conditions; China plus One strategy; China for China strategy; nearshoring;

(iii)    keen competition of local peers;

(iv)     Success of our customers’ products in the marketplace and sales performance; adjustments to business
         strategy; changes in outsourcing strategy; inventory accumulation in channels; customer, sales, and product
         mix changes; the ramping of programs for new or existing customers; customer disengagements,
         terminations, or non-renewal of customer programs; product launch or recalibration strategies and timing;
         possible cancellation or delay of customer orders or changes in production quantities; market competitiveness;
         shifts in customers’ demand, preferences, and propensity to spend (e.g. in-house manufacturing instead of
         outsourcing); changes in business models (e.g. shifting from buy and sell to consignment or vice versa); timing
         of the ramp-down of old phone models and the ramp-up of new phone models, along with the length of the
         transition period from old to new phone models; potential decline in sales to a major customer due to the
         customer’s engagement with new manufacturing partners and ongoing customer diversification; end
         consumer behaviours; and any broad-based change in the Group’s prices and pricing policies that may reduce
         its revenues and profitability;

(v)      local factors and events that may affect our production volume, such as local holidays (e.g. the Lunar New
         Year holidays in Mainland China and Vietnam), which can often affect shipments and sales in the first quarter
         of each year, weather and climate changes or natural disasters; power supply in summer seasons in China
         and Vietnam, surplus production capacity;

(vi)     the seasonality of sales in quarterly revenue patterns; the cyclical nature of customer demand; shortened
         demand visibility; varying revenues and gross margins among geographies/segments and programs for the
         products or services we provide;

(vii)    product maturity and oversupply of certain products or models and poor consumer sentiment. Generally, the
         Group sees a lengthening of smartphone lifespan, both with existing phones and consumer expectations of
         future phones, that may be attributable to a slower pace of innovation and longer replacement cycle time.
         Persistent effects of inflation could further dissuade consumers to upgrade. Increasing ESG considerations
         mean that consumers may be more cautious with buying a new phone when their old phone remains usable
         and new models may not offer material advances that would justify upgrading;

(viii)   customers’ credit and collection and going concern risks and assessment of adequacy of expected credit loss
         allowances. If the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their
         ability to make payments, additional expected credit loss allowances of huge amount and inventory provision
         may be required and restructuring charges may be incurred;



86        FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(ix)      when customers reduce/cut their orders, the Group has to cut excess open purchase order and reduce excess
          inventory and incur losses;

(x)       the timing of our expenditures in anticipation of future orders; upfront investments and challenges associated
          with the ramping of programs for new or existing customers;

(xi)      technology advancement and diversification; pace of overseas expansion;

(xii)     Continuous rightsizing/restructuring of under performing parts of the Group’s manufacturing operations to
          achieve its business strategy of becoming more asset-light and lean, and to cease financial losses. This may
          lead to ongoing rightsizing/restructuring/consolidation activities and associated severance payments, as well
          as other costs, expenses, and/or losses. Additionally, there may be associated impairment, disposal, and/or
          write-off of the Group’s under-utilised/idle/obsolete/depreciated assets;

(xiii)    in order to ensure the Group’s cash flow is appropriately managed, intra-group dividends declared by
          subsidiaries within the Group will have dividend withholding tax implications for the Group;

(xiv)     timing of receipts of agreed charges, fees, service income, compensations, claims or reimbursements from
          customers;

(xv)      factors relating to the supply chain (e.g. component cost increases, availability of commodities, extended
          delivery lead times and shortages) which can affect material sourcing and production planning, order
          fulfilment, shipment and costs, and inventory (e.g. accumulated/excess inventory may take time to clear and
          may have to be written-off, thus increasing inventory carrying cost); changes in cost and materials,
          components, services and labour;

(xvi)     time needed to configure, ramp up and ramp down production to respond to new mobile phone and non-
          phone product innovations, models and consumer trends;

(xvii)    Changes in money markets, including fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates, as well as
          gains and losses in foreign exchange. This encompasses capital markets, market volatility (e.g., RMB and INR,
          and volatility of other major currencies, stock market volatility), and the effectiveness of hedging activities.
          Net interest income/expenses will also fluctuate. The 2024 money market may continue to be volatile, and the
          figures for 2024 can differ significantly from historical figures;

(xviii)   market/legal/regulatory/tax/fiscal and monetary/government policy/tariff changes (e.g. changes of custom
          duty rates, custom duty exemptions, tax audit, transfer pricing audit and tax adjustment and payment, India’s
          PLI (Production Linked Incentives) scheme, government’s blacklisting);

(xix)     unprecedented and uncertain global environment resulting in a wide range of potentially long-term
          consequences which may give rise to discrete losses or expenses, such as those related to future impairment,
          disposal and/or write-off of property, plant and equipment, goodwill, intangible assets and equity
          investments;




                                                                                     A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     87
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(xx)     performance of the Group’s associates and joint venture and its share of those associates’ and joint venture’s
         profits/losses; and the associates and joint venture which have experienced losses in such turbulent
         marketplace and there may be a need to make impairment on such investments; timing of dispositions of
         equity investments and resulting profits/losses and tax payments; timing of booking of revaluation gains/losses
         on equity investments;

(xxi)    booking of income tax payments; reversal of deferred tax assets/liabilities; and

(xxii)   renewing or meeting the conditions of any tax incentives and credits; granting and timing of receipts of
         incentives, relief packages, compensations and other grants and assistance which may be subject to the
         applicant having met certain conditions and criteria (like year-on-year change in sales amount, export amount/
         unit selling price, etc.) and such applicant’s eligibility and ability to meet all such conditions and criteria.

Looking forward, upon the basis of the information currently available, it is reasonably foreseeable that: (a) the
global economic recovery during 1H 2024 might still be slow, even triggering a drop in many countries’ GDP (Gross
Domestic Product) growth, particularly when the commercial benefits brought by the COVID-19 (coronavirus)
pandemic have gradually disappeared. Taking the U.S., the world’s largest economy, as an example, the U.S.
economy is expected to see a continuous drop in GDP growth of 1.4% in 2024 (compared with 2.5% in 2023 and
2.1% in 2022) due to a weak consumer spending, high interest rates and a softening labour market according to
the United Nations’ latest prospects; (b) the Group still faces difficulties and challenges, and the macro-environment
in 1H 2024 is expected to remain intricate, volatile and uncertain; and (c) in the context of smartphone market,
although IDC (International Data Corporation, the premier global provider of market intelligence, advisory services
and events for the information technology, telecommunications and consumer technology markets) has reported
that the smartphone market seems to reach its bottom as the market saw a better than expected shipment growth
in the fourth quarter of 2023 and the growth momentum will continue to be seen in 2024, the largest smartphone
market in the world, China is still facing the lowest shipment volume in a decade caused by a soft economic
recovery and weak consumer sentiment, thus continuously and adversely affecting the Group’s recovery.

New and unpredictable risks, challenges and threats emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the
Company’s management to predict all such factors or to assess their impact on the Group’s business. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or not currently viewed as material might also affect
the Group’s business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.

Shareholders of the Company and potential investors are advised to exercise caution when dealing in
the shares of the Company.

Environmental Policies and Performance
ESG Committee
The ESG Committee, also known as the Sustainability Committee, operates under the authority of the Company’s
Chief Executive Officer. The principal duties of the ESG Committee are to monitor ESG-related performance,
strategies, policies, targets, regulations and quarterly progress of the Group; to establish and implement the
Group’s ESG-related development plan which is integrated with its operational strategy; to monitor
communications with stakeholders, and coordinate resources integration among the ESG Committee, internal
business units and functional units; and to report ESG-related matters to the Board quarterly. Starting from 2024,
the ESG Committee has implemented more frequent review of the Group’s ESG-related matters, transitioning from



88        FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


an annual basis to a quarterly basis. Additionally, the ESG Committee has increased the frequency of reporting on
the Group’s ESG-related matters to the Board, also moving from annual reporting to quarterly reporting. Increasing
the frequency of review and reporting of ESG-related matters can foster better interactions between the ESG
Committee and the Board as well as ensure that the Board could have a better understanding of the Group’s ESG-
related matters in a timely manner and (as appropriate) provide guidance, instructions and/or comments to the ESG
Committee for the latter’s further action.

Sustainable Operational Goals and Strategies
The Group’s business strategy is firmly grounded on values of sustainable development as awareness of ESG issues
has been raised on the global agenda, including customers’ decarbonisation pledges and requests in the supply
chain. A robust corporate governance framework is essential to drive sustainable initiatives whilst taking the
interests of all significant internal and external stakeholders, namely employees, customers, suppliers, shareholders/
investors, government, non-governmental organisations/charities partners and media into account. The Group is
committed to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs) and has taken active steps to achieve
sustainable management. To this end, the Group has been developing ESG development strategies and plans, as
well as enhancing specific targets in the three key areas of “Environment”, “Social” and “Governance”.

Global Code of Conduct and Responsibility Standards
The Group acknowledges and is committed to fulfilling its social and environmental responsibilities as a responsible
corporate citizen and a global industry leader. This commitment involves integrating good governance practices
across all facets of its operations and the Group. The overarching objective of the Company’s Global Code of
Conduct (the “Global CoC”), applying to the Group and concerning ESG and Corporate Social Responsibility
(“CSR”), is to serve as a guiding reference for all levels of the Group’s management and employees. The Global
CoC stands as the cornerstone of the Group, embodying its commitment to ethical business practices, responsible
corporate governance, and sustainable operations. Also, the Global CoC is established with the incorporation of
international initiatives, including the policies related to business ethics, labour and human rights, health and safety,
environment, management systems, responsible sourcing of minerals, anti-corruption, anti-slavery and community
engagement.

To explicitly interpret the requirements of the Global CoC and supplement its definitions, the Group has also set
the Responsibility Standards (the “Standards”) to ensure that its business is in accordance with ethical, professional,
and legal standards in all aspects. This fosters positive relationships with key stakeholders and implements the
principles into the Group’s daily operations. In alignment with international trends and the Group’s commitment to
promoting social responsibility, all employees and suppliers are required to conduct business operations and work
behaviour in accordance with the Global CoC and the Standards.

As stipulated in the Global CoC, the Group upholds the human rights of its employees, and treats them with
dignity and respect, as understood by the international community. In this respect, the Group has adopted the
Chapter on Employee Human Rights which covers (among other things) beliefs and key requirements in support of
the Company’s core commitment to uphold and promote respect for human rights (the “Chapter”).

During the current period, in pursuit of continuous organisational improvement and innovative governance
practices, the latest versions of the Global CoC, the Standards and the Chapter respectively were approved by the
Board, and have been accessible on the Company’s website.




                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      89
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Environmental Management
Maintaining environmental sustainability is the Group’s primary priority. In order to minimise the negative effects of
the Group’s operations on the environment and natural resources, the Group has adopted a systematic approach
to incorporating green and sustainable practices into its operations. These measures include environmentally
friendly product design, greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emission reduction, process management, energy and resource
management, and supply chain management. The Group aims to meet international standards set forth by the ISO
14001 environmental management systems and the European Eco-Management and Audit Scheme.

To make sure that the Group’s operations comply with the Global CoC, the Group proactively monitors the
following critical areas: air pollution control; energy management; GHG emission reduction; waste management;
and water treatment and utilisation. According to the Global CoC, the Group has put in place particular policies
and guidelines which are strictly adhered to across its supply chain, which includes the procurement, production
and delivery processes.

As a member of the Hon Hai Technology Group, the Group has been included into the Hon Hai Technology
Group’s climate change-related commitment and targets, including the Science Based Targets initiative (“SBTi”)
and Climate Action 100+. By joining the SBTi and Climate Action 100+, the Group is committed to acting upon
strengthening climate change governance, implementing GHG emissions reduction within the value chain,
disclosing in accordance with the framework of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”),
and aligning with the Hon Hai Technology Group’s SBTi target of achieving net-zero GHG emissions by 2050. The
Group strives to meet its energy-efficiency targets, which have been delivered to the Group’s business units and
relative departments. Through policies, systems, and measures (such as the implementation and maintenance of
the ISO 50001 energy management systems), the Group actively promotes energy efficiency management, the use
of renewable energy, and the corresponding reduction of GHG emissions. The Group also monitors, reviews and
evaluates the energy use of each business unit/group, rewarding top performers, and utilising a variety of energy-
saving and GHG emission reduction technologies.

The Group strictly controls and monitors any air pollutants which may be produced during the manufacturing and
transportation processes. The functioning of air pollutant emission systems is also under regular examination. The
Group actively supports the reduction and reuse of wastewater, and uses reclaimed water across its production
lines to reduce the environmental impact during operation. Wastewater is characterised, monitored, controlled,
and treated as required before discharge or disposal, and the Group would conduct routine monitoring of the
performance of its wastewater treatment and containment systems to ensure optimal performance and regulatory
compliance. In accordance with the Group’s solid waste management principles, solid wastes, chemicals and
hazardous materials should be differentiated, controlled, reduced, disposed of, transported, stored and recycled. All
relevant waste is treated and disposed of in compliance with related environmental laws and regulations. The
Group strives to optimise waste recycling, and convert waste into useful resource inputs by leveraging design and
technology.

Sustainable Product Management
To fulfil the environmental requirements set by the regulators, customers, industry, and other stakeholders, the
Group has established specialised divisions to ensure compliance with various regulations, including the “Product
Quality Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the European Union’s “Restriction on Hazardous Substances
Directive” (RoHS) and the European Union’s Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals
(REACH) Regulation, restrictions on the use of conflict minerals as well as Halogen-Free (HF) certifications and GHG
emission reduction expectations. The outcomes of these endeavours are transformed into practical internal
measures that can be effectively incorporated and implemented within the Group’s operations.


90     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Climate Change
The Board is responsible for overseeing the management of climate-related risks and opportunities, as part of its
oversight of the Group’s material ESG issues and key risks. The Board considers these risks when reviewing the
Group’s corporate strategy and ensures that an adequate and effective system of internal controls and enterprise
risk management (“ERM”) is in place within the Group. The Group’s ERM Team and ESG Team are responsible for
monitoring and managing climate-related risks. They oversee the Group’s sustainable transition and develop a Net
Zero pathway to mitigate the effects of climate-related risks and explore opportunities. Additionally, they identify,
evaluate, and mitigate the significant climate risks that could impede the Group’s climate-related business and
strategic objectives. Furthermore, they support the Board in managing climate-related risks by identifying climate-
related issues and assessing their impact on the Group.

The ERM Team conducted preliminary analyses to identify both the Group’s physical and transition risks. Moreover,
the Group has initiated proactive analyses of potential impacts and is preparing for risk management measures.

The Group has taken several measures to manage the identified potential climate risks, such as conducting property
damage assessments and upgrading energy management systems. In order to strengthen operational resilience and
pursue potential business growth, the Group is actively searching for climate-related opportunities.

The Group emphasises the importance of climate risk assessment and management in improving business
resilience. The Group adopts integrated risk management and follows the ERM risk management procedures that
incorporate environmental considerations into risk management procedures to help identify, assess, and manage
climate-related risks. To enhance the Group’s readiness for emerging climate-related risks, the Company regularly
monitors and reviews its risk management approach. The Board oversees the Group’s risk management framework
including risk management policies and procedures, and ensures high effectiveness and performance at both the
management and business unit levels.

The Group plans to implement the TCFD framework and adhere to it in the future. The Group intends to conduct
climate risk analysis and update its operational strategy and management policies based on further quantitative
chronic and physical climate risk analysis.

Major Annual Achievements
As a result of the Group’s efforts, the Group has made great achievements, including the following, during the
current period and up to the date of this report of the directors:

(a)   the Group received the EcoVadis 2024 Bronze Medal. The overall score has shown a significant improvement
      compared to the previous year, jumping from the 48th percentile among global companies in the industry to
      the 74th percentile. Additionally, there have been significant advancements in labour rights, ethics, and
      sustainable procurement practices. Moreover, the Group’s Mexico factory demonstrated outstanding ESG
      practices and was awarded the EcoVadis 2023 Silver Medal;

(b)   the Group was rated as “low risk” (11.6) in the 2023 Sustainalytics ESG Risk rating. The risk score is lower
      than 12.3 in 2022. In particular, the Group was ranked as the top 4% in the global universe, and the top
      12% in the technology hardware industry;

(c)   the Group was graded “B” under the MSCI ESG Ratings, and keeps enhancing its ESG performance and
      actively addressing the material topics mentioned in MSCI ESG Ratings;

(d)   four factories, two in the PRC and the other two in Vietnam, have obtained the UL 2799 “Zero Waste to
      Landfill” certifications at Gold and Platinum levels, respectively. As of the end of the current period, these
      four factories are still within the valid certification period;

                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     91
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(e)   the Group actively participated in Carbon Disclosure Project’s questionnaires on Climate Change and Water
      Security for the first time and achieved a satisfactory score on its first attempt;

(f)   all factories and headquarters of the Group have obtained ISO 14001 (environmental management systems)
      certifications and ISO 9001 (quality management systems) certifications, respectively;

(g)   the Group’s major factories in the PRC and Vietnam have obtained ISO 50001 (energy management systems)
      certifications, and the Group’s major factories in the PRC, Vietnam, India, the U.S. and Mexico have obtained
      ISO 45001 (occupational health and safety management systems) certifications, respectively;

(h)   the Group’s major factories in India and headquarters in Taiwan have obtained ISO 27001 (information
      security management systems) certifications; and

(i)   the Group’s major factories in India and Vietnam have obtained SA 8000 (an auditable certification standard
      that encourages organisations to develop, maintain, and apply socially acceptable practices in the workplace)
      certifications.

2023 ESG Report
For details, please refer to the Company’s separate 2023 ESG Report as issued and published simultaneously upon
the issuance and publication of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report of the directors.

RESERVES
Movements in reserves of the Group during the current period are set out on page 131.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As at 31 December 2023, the Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders amounted to
approximately US$1,398,675,000.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in share capital during the current period are set out in note 25 to the consolidated financial
statements.

During the current period and up to the date of this report of the directors, pursuant to the Buy-back Mandates (as
defined in the Company’s circulars dated 14 April 2022 and 14 April 2023 respectively) duly approved by the
Company’s shareholders at the Company’s annual general meetings held on 20 May 2022 and 19 May 2023
respectively, the Company bought back in multiple batches a total of 36,939,000 shares on the Stock Exchange in
cash. Among these shares so bought back, 6,739,000 shares, 4,000,000 shares, 3,031,000 shares, 5,969,000
shares and 3,000,000 shares were cancelled on 13 January 2023, 13 April 2023, 11 September 2023, 10 October
2023 and 7 December 2023 respectively, whereas the remaining 14,200,000 shares were cancelled on 15 January
2024, in all cases in accordance with the articles of association of the Company in force for the time being (the
“Articles”). For details, please refer to the section headed “Purchase, Redemption or Sale of Listed Securities of the
Company” below of this report of the directors.

Further, no shares of the Company were allotted or issued during the current period.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A financial summary of the results of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 196.




92     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
Details of movements in property, plant and equipment and investment properties of the Group during the current
period are set out in notes 13 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.

BANK LOANS
Details of bank loans are set out in note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.

DIRECTORS
The directors of the Company during the current period and up to the date of this report of the directors are:

Executive Directors
CHIH Yu Yang
KUO Wen-Yi
LIN Chia-Yi (also known as Charles LIN) (appointed with effect from 10 March 2023)
MENG Hsiao-Yi (resigned with effect from 10 March 2023)

Non-executive Director
CHANG Chuan-Wang (appointed with effect from 29 June 2023)

Independent Non-executive Directors
LAU Siu Ki
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN) (appointed with effect from 19 May 2023)
CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis) (appointed with effect from 29 June 2023)
Daniel Joseph MEHAN (resigned with effect from 29 June 2023)
TAO Yun Chih (retired with effect from 19 May 2023)

Having received written annual confirmations from each of the independent non-executive directors of their
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, the Company considers each independent non-executive
director to be independent. For details, please refer to the “Independent Non-executive Directors” section of the
Company’s 2023 corporate governance report, which forms part of the Company’s 2023 annual report
incorporating this report of the directors.

To start with, please refer to the “Other Information — Directors” section of the Company’s 2023 interim report as
issued and published on 14 September 2023 and also the Company’s announcements dated 10 March 2023,
19 May 2023 and 29 June 2023 respectively.

Mr. MENG Hsiao-Yi tendered his resignation as an executive director and the chief operating officer of the
Company with effect from 10 March 2023, in order to pursue his career development. In this respect, Mr. Meng
has confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board and there is no other matter relating to his resignation
that needs to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company.

Pursuant to the approvals of the Board on 10 March 2023 and the Company’s shareholders on 19 May 2023, Mr.
LIN Chia-Yi (also known as Charles LIN) (“Mr. Lin”) was appointed and re-elected as an executive director of the
Company for a term of not more than 3 years commencing from 19 May 2023 and ending upon the conclusion of
the relevant annual general meeting of the Company at which (among other things) his next re-election is
considered in accordance with the Articles. Mr. Lin is entitled to annual emoluments package (consisting of basic
salary of US$137,118 and a discretionary bonus) determined by the Board from time to time in accordance with
the directors’ remuneration policy of the Company adopted by the Board (as amended from time to time) (the
“Directors’ Remuneration Policy”).


                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   93
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Mr. TAO Yun Chih retired from office by rotation at the Company’s annual general meeting held on 19 May 2023
(“2023 AGM”) and he, although being eligible, did not offer himself for re-election and retired as an independent
non-executive director of the Company with effect from 19 May 2023 upon the conclusion of the 2023 AGM, in
order to devote more time and attention to his existing and potential roles and positions with other business
commitments and further developments. He also ceased to be a member of each of the audit committee,
remuneration committee and nomination committee of the Company with effect from 19 May 2023,
simultaneously upon his retirement. Mr. Tao has confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board and there
is no other matter relating to his retirement that needs to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the
Company.

Dr. Daniel Joseph MEHAN, due to retirement, tendered his resignation as an independent non-executive director of
the Company and ceased to act as an independent non-executive director with effect from 29 June 2023 and
hence a member of each of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee of the
Company, simultaneously upon his resignation. In this respect, Dr. Mehan has confirmed that he has no
disagreement with the Board and there is no other matter relating to his resignation that needs to be brought to
the attention of the shareholders of the Company.

Pursuant to the approvals of the Board on 10 March 2023 and the Company’s shareholders on 19 May 2023, Ms.
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN) (“Ms. Chen”) was appointed as an independent non-executive
director of the Company with effect from 19 May 2023 upon the conclusion of the 2023 AGM for a term of not
more than 3 years commencing from 19 May 2023 and ending upon the conclusion of the relevant annual general
meeting of the Company at which (among other things) her next re-election is considered in accordance with the
Articles. Ms. Chen is entitled to a fee for her services as an independent non-executive director of the Company of
Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”)26,000 per month (less any necessary statutory deductions). Simultaneously upon her
appointment, she was appointed as a member of each of the audit committee, remuneration committee and
nomination committee of the Company.

Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 29 June 2023, Mr. CHANG Chuan-Wang (“Mr. Chang”) was appointed
as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 29 June 2023 for a term of not more than 3 years
commencing from 29 June 2023 and ending upon the conclusion of the relevant annual general meeting of the
Company at which (among other things) his next re-election is considered in accordance with the Articles. In light
of the Directors’ Remuneration Policy and Mr. Chang’s current remuneration package with the Hon Hai Technology
Group, notwithstanding that a fixed remuneration in the form of an annual fee is normally payable to each non-
executive director of the Company under the Directors’ Remuneration Policy, it was mutually agreed upon his
appointment that Mr. Chang would not receive any fee nor other remuneration from the Company for holding his
office and acting in his capacity as a non-executive director of the Company. Please refer to the Company’s
announcement on changes of directors dated 29 June 2023 for details. In light of additional workload demanded
from Mr. Chang as the Company’s non-executive director with reference to the changing circumstances of the
Company since Mr. Chang’s appointment, on the basis of the recommendations from the remuneration committee
and pursuant to the written resolutions of the Company’s directors dated 13 September 2023, Mr. Chang has
entered into a supplemental letter in relation to the revised terms of appointment as a non-executive director with
the Company on 13 September 2023, pursuant to which he is entitled to a fee for his services as a non-executive
director of the Company of HK$26,000 per month (less any necessary statutory deductions) with effect from 13
September 2023.




94     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 29 June 2023, Mr. CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen,
Dennis) (“Mr. Chiu”) was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from 29
June 2023 for a term of not more than 3 years commencing from 29 June 2023 and ending upon the conclusion
of the relevant annual general meeting of the Company at which (among other things) his next re-election is
considered in accordance with the Articles. Mr. Chiu is entitled to a fee for his services as an independent non-
executive director of the Company of HK$26,000 per month (less any necessary statutory deductions).
Simultaneously upon his appointment, he was appointed as a member of each of the audit committee,
remuneration committee and nomination committee of the Company.

Pursuant to article 95 of the Articles, the Board is empowered to appoint any person as a director either to fill a
casual vacancy on or as an addition to the Board, and the director so appointed shall hold office only until the first
annual general meeting of the Company after his/her appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election at such
annual general meeting. Mr. Chang and Mr. Chiu were appointed as a non-executive director and an independent
non-executive director respectively of the Company with effect from 29 June 2023 to fill casual vacancies on the
Board and, both of them being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the Company’s forthcoming annual
general meeting which is currently scheduled to be held on 22 May 2024 (the “2024 AGM”).

Pursuant to article 112 of the Articles, one-third of the directors for the time being (or, if their number is not three
or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not exceeding, one-third; according to article 95 of the
Articles, Mr. Chang and Mr. Chiu being appointed to fill casual vacancies on the Board shall not be taken into
account in determining the directors who are to retire by rotation) shall retire from office by rotation at each annual
general meeting of the Company provided that every director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least
once every three years. In accordance with article 112 of the Articles, Mr. LAU Siu Ki (“Mr. Lau”) will retire from
office by rotation at the 2024 AGM, and he, being eligible, will offer himself for re-election at the 2024 AGM.

Pursuant to the approval of the Board and the subsequent finalisation by the Board’s delegate, on 13 March 2023,
the Company granted 1,697,181 shares and 1,171,972 shares to Mr. CHIH Yu Yang (“Mr. Chih”) and Mr. Lin,
executive directors of the Company, respectively under the Former Share Scheme (as defined below). Such share
awards were vested on 1 April 2023. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 13 March
2023 and the section headed “Share Option Schemes and Share Schemes of the Company and BFIH Share Option
Scheme” below of this report of the directors.

Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 13 September 2023 and the subsequent finalisations by the Board’s
delegate, the Company granted 1,366,993 shares to Mr. Lin on 13 September 2023 and the said share awards will
be vested on 13 September 2024 and granted 1,979,598 shares to Mr. Chih on 6 November 2023 and the said
share awards will be vested on 6 November 2024, in both cases subject to the satisfaction of the conditions
attached to such grants under the share scheme of the Company adopted by the Board on 10 March 2023 and
approved by the shareholders of the Company on 19 May 2023 (the “Existing Share Scheme”). For details, please
refer to the Company’s announcements dated 13 September 2023 and 6 November 2023 respectively and the
section headed “Share Option Schemes and Share Schemes of the Company and BFIH Share Option Scheme”
below of this report of the directors.

For details of the directors’ remuneration and expense allowances for the current period, please refer to note 8 to
the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     95
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the directors of the Company has entered into a service contract with the Company which has not expired
and which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than
statutory compensation.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS
No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the
Company, any of its subsidiaries, its holding company or any subsidiary of the Company’s holding company was a
party and in which a director of the Company or an entity connected with a director of the Company (as defined in
Section 486 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong)) had a material interest,
whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of or at any time during the current period.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Article 175 of the Articles provides that: (i) every director, auditor or other officer of the Company shall be entitled
to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him/her
as a director, auditor or other officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in
which judgement is given in his/her favour, or in which he/she is acquitted; and (ii) subject to the Companies Act of
the Cayman Islands (as amended from time to time), if any director of the Company or other person shall become
personally liable for the payment of any sum primarily due from the Company, the Board may execute or cause to
be executed any mortgage, charge, or security over or affecting the whole or any part of the assets of the
Company by way of indemnity to secure the director or person so becoming liable as aforesaid from any loss in
respect of such liability. Such permitted indemnity provision is in force during the current period and at the time of
approval of this report of the directors.

DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS
Directors’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures
As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions, if any, of each director and chief executive of the
Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and any of its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which the
directors and chief executive were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
required to be and were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of
the SFO, or which were otherwise required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules
(the “Model Code”) adopted by the Company were as follows:




96     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                                                                              interest in
                                                                                                              Total number                the Company/
                                                 Name of                    Capacity/                           of ordinary                   associated
 Name of director                                corporation                Nature of interest                       shares                 corporation

 CHIH Yu Yang                                    The Company                Beneficial owner                38,010,797 (Note 1)                 0.4808%
  (also acting as the                            BFIH                       Other                                    1 (Note 2)            0.00000004%
  chief executive officer)                       CMCS (Note 3)              Beneficial owner                       500 (Note 4)                 0.0007%

 KUO Wen-Yi                                      The Company                Interest of spouse                        700,000                    0.0089%
                                                 Hon Hai                    Beneficial owner                            1,848                  0.00001%
                                                 Hon Hai                    Interest of spouse                             13                0.0000001%

 LIN Chia-Yi                                     The Company                Beneficial owner                 2,540,005 (Note 5)                   0.0321%
    (also known as Charles LIN)
    (appointed with effect from
    10 March 2023)

 CHANG Chuan-Wang                                Hon Hai                    Beneficial owner                            17,000                    0.0001%
  (appointed with effect
  from 26 June 2023)

Notes:


1.       On 13 March 2023, Mr. Chih was granted a share award of 1,697,181 shares in the Company under the Former Share Scheme (as defined below)
         resulting in him being interested in the 1,697,181 shares as a beneficiary of a trust interested in the Company’s shares. This share award was vested
         on 1 April 2023. On 6 November 2023, Mr. Chih was granted a share award of 1,979,598 shares in the Company under the Existing Share Scheme
         (as defined above) resulting in him being interested in the 1,979,598 shares as a beneficiary of a trust interested in the Company’s shares. This share
         award will be vested on 6 November 2024.


2.       Mr. Chih holds 1 share of BFIH as a nominee shareholder on behalf of Wonderful Stars Pte. Ltd. (an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
         Company) without any beneficial interest.


3.       The Company indirectly, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, holds approximately 87.06% of the entire number of issued shares of CMCS, a
         company incorporated in Taiwan.


4.       As a result of the share capital reduction (“Exercise”) conducted by CMCS effective from 1 June 2023, the number of shares in issue of CMCS has
         been reduced from 150,000,000 to 75,000,000. The Exercise has thus resulted in the proportionate reduction in the number of shares held by Mr.
         Chih in CMCS while the share interest percentage level has remained unchanged.


5.       On 13 March 2023, Mr. Lin was granted a share award of 1,171,972 shares in the Company under the Former Share Scheme (as defined below)
         resulting in him being interested in the 1,171,972 shares as a beneficiary of a trust interested in the Company’s shares. This share award was vested
         on 1 April 2023. On 13 September 2023, Mr. Lin was granted a share award of 1,366,993 shares in the Company under the Existing Share Scheme
         (as defined above) resulting in him being interested in the 1,366,993 shares as a beneficiary of a trust interested in the Company’s shares. This share
         award will be vested on 13 September 2024.


Save as disclosed above, none of the directors or chief executive of the Company had, as at 31 December 2023, any
interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which the directors
and chief executive of the Company were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
required to be and were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or
which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


                                                                                                               A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3                97
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares
So far as is known to any director of the Company, as at 31 December 2023, shareholders (other than the directors
or chief executive of the Company) who had interests and short positions in the shares and underlying shares of
the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV
of the SFO or which were required to be and were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
under Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                      Total number                  percentage of
                                                              Capacity/                                 of ordinary                    interest in
 Name of substantial shareholder                              Nature of interest                             shares                 the Company

 Foxconn (Far East) Limited (Note 1)                          Beneficial owner                        5,081,034,525                           64.28%

 Hon Hai (Notes 1 and 2)                                      Interest of a controlled                5,081,034,525                           64.28%
                                                                 corporation

Notes:


1.       Foxconn (Far East) Limited is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Hon Hai, and therefore, Hon Hai is deemed or taken to be interested in the
         5,081,034,525 shares which are beneficially owned by Foxconn (Far East) Limited for the purposes of the SFO.


2.       Mr. Chih, the acting chairman and an executive director of the Company, is a director of a subsidiary and an associate of Hon Hai. Also, Mr. Chang
         is an employee of the Hon Hai Technology Group, and in particular, he is the chairman of the board of directors, a non-executive director and a
         member of the remuneration committee of CircuTech International Holdings Limited (a subsidiary of Hon Hai whose shares are listed on GEM of the
         Stock Exchange).



Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than
the directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying
shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions
2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were required to be and were recorded in the register required to be kept
by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

REMUNERATION OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The remuneration paid/payable to the three members of senior management of the Company (whose biographical
details are disclosed in the section headed “Profile of Directors and Senior Management” of the Company’s 2023
annual report incorporating this report of the directors) during the current period was within the following bands:

                                                                                                                                    Number of
                                                                                                                           senior management

 HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                                                                          3


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The connected transactions (as opposed to continuing connected transactions) not falling under Rule 14A.76(1) of
the Listing Rules as undertaken by the Group during the current period are summarised as follows:




98         FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Removal and Compensation Agreement
On 10 March 2023, 富聯統合電子(杭州)有限公司 (Fulian System Integration Electronics (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. for
identification purposes only, a PRC subsidiary of Hon Hai which is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the
Company) (“Fulian”) and Honxun Electrical Industry (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. (宏訊電子工業(杭州)有限公司, a PRC
subsidiary of the Company) (“Honxun”) entered into a removal and compensation agreement, pursuant to which
(among other things) Fulian should vacate its occupied premises of Honxun’s relevant properties in Hangzhou, the
PRC (the “Properties”) before the deadline designated by Honxun or 1 November 2025, and a compensation of
RMB64,030,000 (equivalent to approximately US$9.2 million at that time) should be payable by Honxun to Fulian,
upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein.

With reference to the Company’s announcement dated 2 November 2022 in pursuance of the agreement dated 2
November 2022 between Honxun and the relevant PRC authority in relation to the resumption of ownership of the
Properties, subject to agreements between Honxun and the lessees (including Fulian), Honxun is required to settle
any obligations towards the lessees (including Fulian) in relation to the Properties and to vacate the Properties
before 1 November 2025. The aforesaid removal and compensation agreement contemplates Honxun’s payment of
the aforesaid compensation to Fulian to move out of the relevant premises of the Properties, so that Honxun could
deliver vacant possession of the Properties to the relevant PRC authority before 1 November 2025.

For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 10 March 2023.

Disposal of Subsidiary’s Property
On 7 July 2023, FIH Europe Limited Liability Company (a Hungarian subsidiary of the Company) (“FIH Europe”) and
Cloud Network Technology KFT (a Hungarian associate (as defined in the Listing Rules) of Hon Hai which is the
ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company) (“CNT”) entered into a real property sale and purchase
agreement, pursuant to which (among other things) FIH Europe has disposed of its relevant land in Hungary
together with the relevant buildings and structures thereon (collectively, the “Property”) to CNT at the
consideration of US$9,927,000 upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein.

The aforesaid transaction has presented an opportunity for the Group to realise the appreciation in value of the
Property while such transaction would not adversely affect the manufacturing operations nor plans of the Group.

For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 7 July 2023.

CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The continuing connected transactions not falling under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules as undertaken by the
Group during the current period are summarised as follows:

For more details, please refer to the Company’s announcement relating to continuing connected transactions dated
10 November 2022, circular relating to continuing connected transactions dated 1 December 2022, and
announcement dated 23 December 2022 relating to poll results of the extraordinary general meeting.

Purchase Transaction
Pursuant to the framework product supply agreement (formerly known as the framework materials and
components supply agreement) entered into among the Company, Hon Hai, Innolux Corporation (formerly known
as Innolux Display Corporation and then Chimei Innolux Corporation, whose rights, obligations and liabilities
thereunder were subsequently assumed and taken up by Hon Hai) and 鴻準精密工業股份有限公司 (Foxconn
Technology Co. Ltd., for identification purposes only, whose rights, obligations and liabilities thereunder were
subsequently assumed and taken up by Hon Hai) (both being associates of Hon Hai at the relevant times) on 19



                                                                              A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   99
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


January 2005 (as amended by the respective supplemental agreements among the above parties dated 28 February
2006, 24 October 2007 and 19 November 2010 and the respective supplemental agreements between the
Company and Hon Hai dated 17 October 2013, 11 August 2016, 31 July 2017, 9 October 2019 and 10 November
2022) (the “Purchase Agreement”), the Group has purchased from the Hon Hai Technology Group from time to
time for a term up to 31 December 2025 products (including but not limited to materials and components, tooling,
light-guides and finished goods generally) manufactured, owned or held (coupled with interest) by the Hon Hai
Technology Group that may be used in connection with or for the purposes of the businesses of the Group from
time to time as well as such other products (including but not limited to any materials and components) as may be
agreed between the Group and the Hon Hai Technology Group from time to time upon and subject to the terms
and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:
(a)   in respect of purchases from a supplier of materials, components and other products that may be used in the
      businesses of the Group from time to time as approved by the Group’s customer (the “Approved Vendor”),
      at the price agreed between the supplier and the Group’s customer; if not, at a price to be determined by
      reference to the average market price; or
(b)   where (a) above is not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the Group and the Hon Hai
      Technology Group upon the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or
(c)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      Group and the Hon Hai Technology Group based on reasonable commercial principles.
Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under
the Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Transaction”) constitute a continuing connected transaction for the
Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the Purchase Transaction for the three years ending
31 December 2025 at US$1,611 million for 2023, US$1,964 million for 2024 and US$2,395 million for 2025.

Hon Hai is the leading player in the computer, communication and consumer electronics (“3C”) manufacturing
services industry. Under the convergence trend of the 3C industries, an increasing number of types of materials,
components and other products manufactured by the Hon Hai Technology Group are used for the manufacture of
consumer electronic products, in particular handsets. The Company believes that it is an important competitive
advantage of the Group that the Group together with the members of the Hon Hai Technology Group can provide
a wide range of vertically integrated manufacturing services to the customers.

Product Sales Transaction
Pursuant to the framework product sales agreement entered into among the Company, Hon Hai and Innolux
Corporation (an associate of Hon Hai at the relevant times formerly known as Innolux Display Corporation and then
Chimei Innolux Corporation, whose rights, obligations and liabilities thereunder were subsequently assumed and
taken up by Hon Hoi) on 18 January 2005 (as amended by the respective supplemental agreements among the
above parties dated 28 February 2006, 24 October 2007 and 19 November 2010 and the respective supplemental
agreements between the Company and Hon Hai dated 17 October 2013, 11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and
10 November 2022) (the “Framework Product Sales Agreement”), the Group has sold to the Hon Hai Technology
Group from time to time for a term up to 31 December 2025 products (including but not limited to materials and
components, tooling, light-guides and finished goods generally) manufactured, owned or held (coupled with
interest) by the Group that may be used in connection with or for the purposes of the businesses of the Hon Hai
Technology Group from time to time as well as such other products (including but not limited to any materials and
components) as may be agreed between the Group and the Hon Hai Technology Group from time to time upon
and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:
(a)   where the Group has been approved or otherwise designated by the relevant customers of the Hon Hai
      Technology Group, at the price agreed between the Group and such customers; if not, at a price to be
      determined by reference to the average market price; or



100    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(b)   where (a) above is not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the Group and the Hon Hai
      Technology Group upon the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or

(c)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      Group and the Hon Hai Technology Group based on reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under
the Framework Product Sales Agreement (the “Product Sales Transaction”) constitute a continuing connected
transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the Product Sales Transaction for the three
years ending 31 December 2025 at US$3,813 million for 2023, US$4,381 million for 2024 and US$5,034 million
for 2025.

The Company considers it in its best interests to generate more income as well as enhance utilisation of its assets
by carrying out the Product Sales Transaction in response to the Hon Hai Technology Group’s needs from time to
time, provided that the Hon Hai Technology Group purchases from the Group at prices comparable to market
prices and/or which are considered to be fair and reasonable to the Company.

Non-real Property Lease Expense Transaction
Pursuant to the framework lease agreement relating to movable non-real properties dated 13 June 2013 (as
amended by the respective supplemental agreements dated 17 October 2013, 11 August 2016, 9 October 2019
and 10 November 2022) between the Company and Hon Hai (the “Framework Non-real Property Lease Expense
Agreement”), the Group has leased movable non-real properties such as equipment and machines (the “Non-real
Properties”) from the Hon Hai Technology Group from time to time for a term up to 31 December 2025 upon and
subject to the terms and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   the rental payable by the Group under the transactions contemplated under the Framework Non-real Property
      Lease Expense Agreement (the “Non-real Property Lease Expense Transaction”) shall be determined on a fair
      and reasonable basis with reference to the average market rental of other similar properties in the market; or

(b)   if the average market rental is not available, the rental payable under the Non-real Property Lease Expense
      Transaction shall be determined on a “cost plus” basis; or

(c)   if both the average market rental basis and the “cost plus” basis are not appropriate or applicable, the rental
      payable under the Non-real Property Lease Expense Transaction shall be agreed between the relevant parties
      based on reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the Non-real Property Lease Expense
Transaction constitutes a continuing connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual
caps for the Non-real Property Lease Expense Transaction for the three years ending 31 December 2025 at US$12
million for 2023, US$12 million for 2024 and US$12 million for 2025.

In carrying out the Group’s manufacturing operations, the Group may require the use of the Non-real Properties
(including but not limited to specialised equipment and machines). By leasing such Non-real Properties from the
Hon Hai Technology Group, the Group may gain access to the use of such Non-real Properties at rental rates
agreeable to the Company saving capital expenditures.




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   101
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Consolidated Services and Sub-contracting Expense Transaction
Pursuant to the framework consolidated services and sub-contracting agreement entered into among the Company,
Hon Hai, PCE Industry Inc. (a former subsidiary of Hon Hai which had been dissolved) and Sutech Industry Inc. (a
former subsidiary of the Company which had been dissolved) on 24 October 2007, pursuant to which (among other
things) all respective rights, obligations and liabilities of PCE Industry Inc. and Sutech Industry Inc. thereunder were
assumed and taken up by Hon Hai and the Company respectively (as amended by the respective supplemental
agreements between the Company and Hon Hai dated 19 November 2010, 17 October 2013, 11 August 2016, 9
October 2019 and 10 November 2022) (the “Consolidated Services and Sub-contracting Expense Agreement”), the
Hon Hai Technology Group has provided services (including research and development services, design services,
repair services and sub-contracting services) to the Group from time to time for a term up to 31 December 2025
upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   where the Hon Hai Technology Group has been approved or otherwise designated by the relevant customers
      of the Group, at the price agreed between the Hon Hai Technology Group and such customers; if not, at a
      price to be determined by reference to the average market price; or

(b)   where (a) above is not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the Group and the Hon Hai
      Technology Group upon the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or

(c)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      Group and the Hon Hai Technology Group based on reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under the
Consolidated Services and Sub-contracting Expense Agreement (the “Consolidated Services and Sub-contracting
Expense Transaction”) constitute a continuing connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set
annual caps for the Consolidated Services and Sub-contracting Expense Transaction for the three years ending 31
December 2025 at US$204 million for 2023, US$204 million for 2024 and US$204 million for 2025.

The Company considers that the services provided by the Hon Hai Technology Group under the Consolidated
Services and Sub-contracting Expense Transaction as requested by the Group can enhance the Group’s handset
manufacturing capabilities and related capacity in its handset manufacturing business, provide the Group with
greater flexibility in capacity planning and allow the Group to carry on its business more efficiently.

Equipment Purchase Transaction
Pursuant to the framework equipment purchase agreement dated 18 January 2005 (as amended by the respective
supplemental agreements dated 12 January 2006, 24 October 2007, 19 November 2010, 17 October 2013, 11
August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) between the Company and Hon Hai (the “Framework
Equipment Purchase Agreement”), the Group has purchased from the Hon Hai Technology Group from time to
time for a term up to 31 December 2025 baking and coating lines and other equipment manufactured, owned or
held (coupled with interest) by the Hon Hai Technology Group which may be used in connection with or for the
purposes of the Group’s businesses from time to time (including but not limited to new equipment that is
manufactured or purchased or procured from third parties by the Hon Hai Technology Group, and used equipment
that has previously been used by the Hon Hai Technology Group) as well as such other equipment as may be
agreed between the Hon Hai Technology Group and the Group from time to time upon and subject to the terms
and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   at the book value of the relevant equipment as recorded in the accounts of the relevant member of the Hon
      Hai Technology Group; or



102    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(b)   if (a) above is not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be determined by reference to the average market
      price; or

(c)   where (a) and (b) above are not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the relevant
      parties on the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or

(d)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      parties based on reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under
the Framework Equipment Purchase Agreement (the “Equipment Purchase Transaction”) constitute a continuing
connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the Equipment Purchase
Transaction for the three years ending 31 December 2025 at US$24 million for 2023, US$24 million for 2024 and
US$24 million for 2025.

The Hon Hai Technology Group is able to customise standard industry equipment to varying degrees to better suit
the production needs of the Group. Purchasing equipment from the Hon Hai Technology Group helps shorten the
lead time to deliver the equipment to the Group. The Group in the past also purchased used equipment that was in
good condition from the Hon Hai Technology Group at the book value of the equipment in the Hon Hai Technology
Group’s accounts. It is also more convenient for the Group to obtain the required maintenance services for the
customised equipment from the Hon Hai Technology Group.

Sub-contracting Income Transaction
Pursuant to the framework sub-contracting agreement dated 18 January 2005 (as amended by the respective
supplemental agreements dated 12 January 2006, 24 October 2007, 19 November 2010, 26 July 2012, 17 October
2013, 11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) between the Company and Hon Hai (the “Sub-
contracting Income Agreement”), the Group has provided certain services (such as handset and in-mould labelling
research and development and other research and development services; handset and other design services;
handset and mould and other repair services; molding, electroplating, metal stamping for handsets and desktop
computers and other services that may form part of or be provided as part of the businesses of the Hon Hai
Technology Group from time to time; the use of technical equipment and facilities owned or leased by the Group
to support the foregoing; the provision of personnel and other resources as may be required to support the
foregoing; and such other services and/or sub-contracting as may be agreed between the Hon Hai Technology
Group and the Group from time to time) to the Hon Hai Technology Group from time to time for a term up to
31 December 2025 upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   where the Group has been approved or otherwise designated by the relevant customers of the Hon Hai
      Technology Group, at the price agreed between the Group and such customers; if not, at a price to be
      determined by reference to the average market price; or

(b)   where (a) above is not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the Group and the Hon Hai
      Technology Group upon the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or

(c)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      Group and the Hon Hai Technology Group based on reasonable commercial principles.



                                                                               A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   103
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under
the Sub-contracting Income Agreement (the “Sub-contracting Income Transaction”) constitute a continuing
connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the Sub-contracting Income
Transaction for the three years ending 31 December 2025 at US$110 million for 2023, US$137 million for 2024
and US$170 million for 2025.

The Company considers it in its best interests to generate more income as well as enhance utilisation of its assets
by carrying out the Sub-contracting Income Transaction as long as the services are provided at prices that are fair
and reasonable pursuant to the Sub-contracting Income Agreement.

General Services Expense Transaction
Pursuant to the general services agreement dated 18 January 2005 (as amended by the respective supplemental
agreements dated 12 January 2006, 24 October 2007, 19 November 2010, 17 October 2013, 11 August 2016,
9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) between the Company and Hon Hai (the “General Services Expense
Agreement”), the Hon Hai Technology Group has provided general administrative, support, utility and other related
services to the Group from time to time for a term up to 31 December 2025 upon and subject to the terms and
conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:
(a)   where there is a price determined by the relevant state, at such state-determined price; or
(b)   where there is no state-determined price, at the market price; or
(c)   where there is no state-determined price or market price, on the principle of “cost plus”; or
(d)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      relevant parties.
Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under
the General Services Expense Agreement (the “General Services Expense Transaction”) constitute a continuing
connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the General Services Expense
Transaction for the three years ending 31 December 2025 at US$31 million for 2023, US$34 million for 2024 and
US$38 million for 2025.

Certain production facilities of the Group are located at premises owned and managed by the Hon Hai Technology
Group and leased to the Group under the Lease Expense Transaction (as defined below). Within such premises, the
Hon Hai Technology Group provides a number of general administrative, support, utility and other related services
to all tenants, including the Group, which are necessary for the tenants to carry out their operations in such
locations. The Company considers it more cost effective for the Group to share some other services provided by the
Hon Hai Technology Group, such as product testing, specialist inspection and information technology and
communication services.

Equipment Sale Transaction
Pursuant to the framework equipment sale agreement dated 18 January 2005 (as amended by the respective
supplemental agreements dated 12 January 2006, 24 October 2007, 19 November 2010, 17 October 2013,
11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) between the Company and Hon Hai (the “Framework
Equipment Sale Agreement”), the Group has sold to the Hon Hai Technology Group from time to time for a term
up to 31 December 2025 molding equipment, baking and coating lines and other used equipment that may be
manufactured, owned or held (coupled with interest) by the Group and which may be used in connection with or
for the purposes of the Hon Hai Technology Group’s businesses from time to time upon and subject to the terms
and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   at the book value of the relevant equipment as recorded in the accounts of the relevant member of the
      Group; or



104    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(b)   if (a) above is not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be determined by reference to the average market
      price; or

(c)   where (a) and (b) above are not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the relevant
      parties on the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or

(d)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      parties based on reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under
the Framework Equipment Sale Agreement (the “Equipment Sale Transaction”) constitute a continuing connected
transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the Equipment Sale Transaction for the
three years ending 31 December 2025 at US$34 million for 2023, US$48 million for 2024 and US$67 million for
2025.

From time to time certain equipment of the Group no longer meets the production needs of the Group which may
be as a result of a number of factors, such as new product specifications required by customers, capacity planning
and new production arrangements. However, such equipment may be useful to the Hon Hai Technology Group for
its businesses. The Group may sell such equipment to the Hon Hai Technology Group at prices the Company
considers to be fair and reasonable generating more income for the Group.

Lease Expense Transaction
Pursuant to the framework lease agreement dated 18 January 2005 between 深圳富泰宏精密工業有限公司
(Shenzhen Futaihong Precision Industrial Co., Ltd., for identification purposes only) (a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company) (“FTH”, which was subsequently replaced by the Company as the party thereto) and Hon Hai (as
amended by the supplemental agreement between FTH and Hon Hai dated 12 January 2006 and the respective
supplemental agreements among the Company, FTH and Hon Hai dated 20 September 2006, 24 October 2007
and 19 November 2010 and the respective supplemental agreements between the Company and Hon Hai dated
17 October 2013, 11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) (the “Framework Lease Expense
Agreement”), the Hon Hai Technology Group has leased premises owned by it and located worldwide to the Group
from time to time as requested by the Group for a term up to 31 December 2025 upon and subject to the terms
and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   the rental payable by the Group under the transactions contemplated under the Framework Lease Expense
      Agreement (the “Lease Expense Transaction”) shall be determined on a fair and reasonable basis with
      reference to the average market rental of other similar local properties in the market; or

(b)   if the average market rental is not available, the rental payable under the Lease Expense Transaction shall be
      determined on a “cost plus” basis; or

(c)   if both the average market rental basis and the “cost plus” basis are not appropriate or applicable, the rental
      payable under the Lease Expense Transaction shall be agreed between the relevant parties based on
      reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the Lease Expense Transaction
constitutes a continuing connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the
Lease Expense Transaction for the three years ending 31 December 2025 at US$10 million for 2023, US$10 million
for 2024 and US$10 million for 2025.




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   105
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


A part of the Group’s operations in certain jurisdictions is located in the Hon Hai Technology Group’s industrial
parks in such jurisdictions in view of the benefits of locating close to the members of the Hon Hai Technology
Group which possess leading capabilities and expertise amid the convergence trend within the 3C industries, and
the physical proximity can lead to additional savings and efficiency to the Group if the Group’s customers select
these members of the Hon Hai Technology Group as the Approved Vendors.

Lease Income Transaction
Pursuant to the framework lease agreement dated 24 October 2007 (as amended by the respective supplemental
agreements dated 19 November 2010, 17 October 2013, 11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November
2022) between the Company and Hon Hai (the “Framework Lease Income Agreement”), the Group has leased to
the Hon Hai Technology Group premises owned by it or any part thereof located worldwide as agreed between the
parties from time to time for a term up to 31 December 2025 upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out
therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   the rental payable by the Hon Hai Technology Group under the transactions contemplated under the
      Framework Lease Income Agreement (the “Lease Income Transaction”) shall be determined on a fair and
      reasonable basis with reference to the average market rental of other similar local properties in the market; or

(b)   if the average market rental is not available, the rental payable shall be determined on a “cost plus” basis; or

(c)   if both the average market rental basis and the “cost plus” basis are not appropriate or applicable, the rental
      payable under the Lease Income Transaction shall be agreed between the relevant parties based on
      reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the Lease Income Transaction
constitutes a continuing connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the
Lease Income Transaction for the three years ending 31 December 2025 at US$11 million for 2023, US$14 million
for 2024 and US$18 million for 2025.

The Group has its own premises (including but not limited to vacant land, bare sites, manufacturing plants, offices,
buildings, structures and dormitories, and the related or ancillary facilities), and may have surplus space from time
to time. The Company considers it in its best interests to lease out such surplus space and generate additional
income for the Group at prices comparable to the market and/or above the costs attributable to the leased
premises pursuant to the relevant agreement in respect of the Lease Income Transaction.

General Services Income Transaction
Pursuant to the framework general services agreement entered into between the Company and Hon Hai on
24 October 2007 (as amended by the respective supplemental agreements dated 19 November 2010, 17 October
2013, 11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) (the “General Services Income Agreement”), the
Group has agreed to provide, or procure third parties to provide, to the Hon Hai Technology Group general
administrative, support, utility and other services as the Group and the Hon Hai Technology Group may agree from
time to time for a term up to 31 December 2025 upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein at a
price determined as follows:

(a)   where there is a price determined by the relevant government authority, at such government-determined
      price; or

(b)   where there is no government-determined price, at the market price; or



106    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(c)   where there is no government-determined price or market price, at a price to be agreed between the parties
      on the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or

(d)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      relevant parties based upon reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under
the General Services Income Agreement (the “General Services Income Transaction”) constitute a continuing
connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the General Services Income
Transaction for the three years ending 31 December 2025 at US$3 million for 2023, US$5 million for 2024 and
US$7 million for 2025.

Certain production facilities of the Hon Hai Technology Group are located at premises owned and managed by the
Group and leased to the Hon Hai Technology Group under the Lease Income Transaction (the lease of premises by
the Group to the Hon Hai Technology Group contemplated under the Framework Lease Income Agreement).
Within such premises, the Group provides a number of general administrative, support, utility and other related
services to all tenants, including the Hon Hai Technology Group, which are necessary for the tenants to carry out
their operations in such locations. The Hon Hai Technology Group also utilises some other services provided by the
Group, such as product testing, specialist inspection and information technology and communication services. The
Company considers it in its best interests to generate more income as well as enhance utilisation of its resources as
long as the services are provided at prices that are considered to be fair and reasonable to the Company.

Annual Consideration
The total consideration of each continuing connected transaction not falling under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing
Rules as undertaken by the Group during the current period is as follows:

                                                                                                                Total
                                                                                                        consideration
                                                                                                  for the year ended
 Continuing connected transaction                                  Paying group                   31 December 2023
                                                                                                            (US$’000)

 Purchase Transaction                                              Group                                     490,947

 Product Sales Transaction                                         Hon Hai Technology Group                1,522,952

 Non-real Property Lease Expense Transaction                       Group                                            62

 Consolidated Services and Sub-contracting Expense Transaction     Group                                      43,917

 Equipment Purchase Transaction                                    Group                                           596

 Sub-contracting Income Transaction                                Hon Hai Technology Group                   72,221

 General Services Expense Transaction                              Group                                          8,652

 Equipment Sale Transaction                                        Hon Hai Technology Group                   23,601

 Lease Expense Transaction                                         Group                                          6,589




                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     107
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                               Total
                                                                                                       consideration
                                                                                                 for the year ended
 Continuing connected transaction                                  Paying group                  31 December 2023
                                                                                                           (US$’000)

 Lease Income Transaction                                          Hon Hai Technology Group                    5,259

 General Services Income Transaction                               Hon Hai Technology Group                     732

Annual Review
Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Board engaged the auditor of the Company to report on the
continuing connected transactions of the Group not falling under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules. The
Company’s auditor was engaged to report on such continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong
Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews
of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on
Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in
respect of such continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. The auditor
has reported its findings and conclusions to the Board.

Following specific enquiries with the Company’s chief financial officer (in his own capacity and on behalf of the
Company’s management designated for the purpose of assisting the Board with the Group’s overall policies on
enterprise risk management and internal controls) and the recommendation from the Company’s audit committee,
the independent non-executive directors of the Company have reviewed the transactions and the findings and
conclusions and confirmed that the transactions have been entered into:

1.    in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

2.    on normal commercial terms or better; and

3.    in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
      interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

Furthermore, in respect of the continuing connected transactions of the Group for the current period not falling
under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules, the Company has followed the pricing policies set out in the relevant
agreements governing them, and the independent non-executive directors of the Company have confirmed that
the internal control procedures put in place by the Company are adequate and effective to ensure that such
continuing connected transactions were conducted in accordance with such pricing policies.

For more details, please refer to the section headed “Accountability and Audit” of the Company’s 2023 corporate
governance report, which forms part of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report of the
directors.




108    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The related party transactions referred to in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements have also constituted
continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, amongst which the Non-real
Property Lease Income Transaction (as defined in the Company’s announcement dated 10 November 2022) has
constituted a de minimis continuing connected transaction of the Company exempt from the independent
shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements pursuant to Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing
Rules. Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 10 November 2022 for details.

The Company confirms that it has complied with the requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules.

SHARE OPTION SCHEMES AND SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND BFIH
SHARE OPTION SCHEME
Adoption of Existing Share Option Scheme and Existing Share Scheme and
Consequential Termination of Former Share Option Scheme and Former Share Scheme
A former share option scheme of the Company (the “Former Share Option Scheme”) and a former share scheme
of the Company (the “Former Share Scheme”) were adopted by the shareholders of the Company at the
extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 26 November 2013.

The Former Share Option Scheme and the Former Share Scheme were valid and effective for a period of 10 years
from 26 November 2013 until 25 November 2023, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with their respective
terms.

In July 2022, the Stock Exchange announced amendments to the pre-existing Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules which
took effect from 1 January 2023 (the “Existing Chapter 17”). The Existing Chapter 17 applies to both the Former
Share Option Scheme and the Former Share Scheme, subject to certain transitional arrangements. In order to
ensure the continuity of a share option scheme and a share scheme for the Group to attract, reward, motivate and
retain the eligible participants which would comply with the new requirements of the Existing Chapter 17, pursuant
to the approval of the Board on 10 March 2023 and the approval of the Company’s shareholders on 19 May 2023,
the Company adopted the existing share option scheme (the “Existing Share Option Scheme”) and the existing
share scheme (the “Existing Share Scheme”) of the Company and consequentially terminated the Former Share
Option Scheme and the Former Share Scheme, in all cases with effect from the close of the 2023 AGM.

For details, please refer to the Company’s circular as issued and published on 13 April 2023, announcement in
relation to the poll results of the 2023 AGM as issued and published on 19 May 2023 and 2023 interim report as
issued and published on 14 September 2023.

The Existing Share Option Scheme and the Existing Share Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10
years from 19 May 2023 until 18 May 2033, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with their respective terms.

Apart from the Existing Share Option Scheme, the Existing Share Scheme, the BFIH Share Option Scheme (as
defined below) and potential entitlements pursuant to Hon Hai’s articles of incorporation (pursuant to which,
among other things, Hon Hai shares may be distributed as part of compensation to employees, including the
Company’s directors, upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein) and also potential entitlements
to any and all scrip dividends (which any director of the Company may from time to time have as a shareholder of
the Company and/or Hon Hai in respect of the relevant shares then held by him/her) pursuant to any scrip dividend




                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   109
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


scheme in respect of any dividend as may be announced by the Company and/or Hon Hai from time to time, at no
time during the current period was the Company, any of its subsidiaries, its holding company or any subsidiaries of
the Company’s holding company a party to any arrangement to enable the directors of the Company to acquire
benefits by means of acquisitions of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

Furthermore, the number of shares that may be issued in respect of options (if any) and awards granted under all
schemes of the Company (i.e. the Former Share Option Scheme, the Former Share Scheme, the Existing Share
Option Scheme and the Existing Share Scheme) during the current year is zero, even when divided by the weighted
average number of shares in issue for the current year (i.e. 7,914,531,751 shares).

Further details of the Former Share Scheme, the Former Share Option Scheme, the Existing Share Scheme and the
Existing Share Option Scheme are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements.

Former Share Option Scheme
The purpose of the Former Share Option Scheme is to attract skilled and experienced personnel, to incentivise them
to remain with the Group and to give effect to the Group’s customer-focused corporate culture, and to motivate
them to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group, by providing them with the opportunity to
acquire equity interests in the Company.

Subject to the terms of the Former Share Option Scheme, the Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s))
may, at its/their absolute discretion, offer any employees, management members and directors of the Company, or
any of its subsidiaries, and third party service providers, including employees of Hon Hai and its subsidiaries
(collectively, the “Eligible Persons”), options to subscribe for shares on the terms set out in the Former Share Option
Scheme.

The total number of shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Former Share Option Scheme
shall be 757,380,227 shares, representing approximately 9.6% of the total number of issued shares of the
Company as at the date of this report of the directors.

The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of options granted and to be granted to each
grantee in any 12-month period up to the date of the latest grant shall not exceed 1% of the total number of
issued shares of the Company from time to time.

The minimum period for which the options must be held before they can be exercised and the period within which
the options must be exercised (the “vesting period”) will be specified by the Board (or its duly authorised officer(s)
or delegate(s)) at the time of the offer of grant. The vesting period is up to six years (or such other period which
must not be more than 10 years from the date of grant of the relevant options) as determined by the Board (or its
duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) at the time of granting the relevant options. An offer of grant of an option
must be accepted by the date being a date not more than 30 days after the date of the offer. The amount payable
on acceptance of an offer is HK$1.00.

The subscription price for shares in respect of an option grant shall be the highest of: (i) the closing price of the
shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant, which must be a business day;
and (ii) the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five
business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the shares.




110    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Since the adoption of the Former Share Option Scheme on 26 November 2013 until the termination of the Former
Share Option Scheme on 19 May 2023, no option had been granted under the Former Share Option Scheme. It
follows that the total number of shares in respect of which options might be granted under the Former Share
Option Scheme had remained 757,380,227 shares.

757,380,227 shares (representing 9.6% of the total number of shares in issue as at the date of this report of the
directors) when divided by 7,914,531,751 shares (representing the weighted average number of shares in issue for
the current year) was 0.09569.

Former Share Scheme
The purpose of the Former Share Scheme is to attract skilled and experienced personnel, to incentivise them to
remain with the Group and to give effect to the Group’s customer-focused corporate culture, and to motivate
them to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group, by providing them with the opportunity to
acquire equity interests in the Company.

The Former Share Scheme provides (among other things) that: (a) for grants to the beneficiaries who are not
connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, the trustee for the Former Share Scheme (being
a professional institution) shall subscribe, on behalf of the beneficiaries, for new shares at nominal value from the
Company; and (b) for grants to the beneficiaries who are connected persons of the Company, the trustee shall
purchase, on behalf of the beneficiaries, shares from the market.

The Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) may determine as to which of the Eligible Persons should
be entitled to receive grants of shares under the Former Share Scheme, together with the number of shares to
which each proposed beneficiary should be entitled.

In accordance with the Former Share Scheme, the maximum number of shares which may be subscribed for by the
trustee on behalf of the beneficiaries who are not connected persons of the Company, during the period between
one annual general meeting and the subsequent annual general meeting, must not exceed 2% of the Company’s
total number of issued shares as at the date of the earlier annual general meeting. There is no maximum number of
shares to be purchased by the trustee on behalf of the beneficiaries who are connected persons of the Company.
However, if any proposed grant of shares to any connected person would result in the total number of shares
granted and to be granted to such connected person during the 12-month period immediately preceding the date
of such proposed grant exceeding 1% of the total number of issued shares of the Company as at the date of such
proposed grant, then such proposed grant must be approved by the shareholders of the Company in general
meeting, at which such connected person and his/her associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) shall abstain from
voting.

The shares granted will be subject to lock-up periods of up to three years commencing from the date of grant,
which will vary from beneficiary to beneficiary as to be determined by the Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or
delegate(s)). An offer of grant of shares (in respect of which no consideration nor purchase price is payable) must
be accepted by the date being a date not more than 30 days after the date of the offer.




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    111
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 23 December 2021, the Company offered 7,328,361 ordinary shares to a
total of 2 beneficiaries pursuant to the Former Share Scheme, of which 7,328,361 ordinary shares were granted
with lock-up periods up to 10 January 2022 from the grant date. No consideration nor purchase price was payable
on acceptance of offer of the shares. 7,328,361 ordinary shares were purchased by the trustee of the Former Share
Scheme from the market in January 2022.

Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 2 November 2022 and the subsequent finalisation by the Board’s
delegate, the Company offered 10,024,204 ordinary shares to a total of 2 beneficiaries pursuant to the Former
Share Scheme, of which 10,024,204 ordinary shares were granted with lock-up periods up to 30 November 2022
from the grant date (i.e. 3 November 2022). No consideration nor purchase price was payable on acceptance of
offer of the shares. 10,024,204 ordinary shares were purchased by the trustee of the Former Share Scheme from
the market in November 2022.

Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 10 March 2023 and the subsequent finalisation by the Board’s delegate,
the Company offered 2,869,153 ordinary shares to a total of 2 beneficiaries pursuant to the Former Share Scheme,
of which 2,869,153 ordinary shares were granted with lock-up periods up to 31 March 2023 from the grant date
(i.e. 13 March 2023). No consideration nor purchase price was payable on acceptance of offer of the shares.
2,869,153 ordinary shares were purchased by the trustee of the Former Share Scheme from the market in March
2023. Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 13 March 2023 for details. Save as disclosed as
aforesaid, no further share was granted under the Former Share Scheme during the period from 1 January 2023 to
19 May 2023 (being the date of termination of the Former Share Scheme).

For details about the shares granted before 2021 pursuant to the Former Share Scheme, please refer to page 137
of the Company’s 2022 annual report as issued and published on 13 April 2023.

Movements of share grants under the Former Share Scheme during the current period (i.e. 1 January 2023 to
31 December 2023) were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                           average
                                                                                                  Number of shares granted under the Former Share Scheme              Closing price                   closing price
                                                                                          Unvested                                                         Unvested   of the Shares                   of the Shares
                                                                                            Award                                                            Award    immediately     Fair value of   immediately
                                                                                            Shares                                Cancelled/                 Shares         before Award Shares             before
                                     Date of      Vesting         Date of                     as of       Granted       Vested     forfeited    Lapsed        as of     the date of at the date of      the date of
                                     grant        period          vesting      Purchase   1 January        during       during       during     during 31 December           grant           grant         vesting
Name of participant                  (dd.mm.yyyy) (dd.mm.yyyy) (dd.mm.yyyy)       price       2023        the year     the year     the year   the year       2023           (HK$)           (HK$)           (HK$)
                                                                                                           (Note 1)                                                                        (Note 2)


CHIH Yu Yang                         13.03.2023   13.03.2023 to   01.04.2023        Nil               0 1,697,181     1,697,181           –          –           0           0.82            0.83            0.85
  (executive director, also acting                  31.03.2023
  as chief executive officer)


LIN Chia-Yi                          13.03.2023   13.03.2023 to   01.04.2023        Nil               0 1,171,972     1,171,972           –          –           0           0.82            0.83            0.85
  (also known as Charles LIN)                       31.03.2023
  (executive director)

Total                                                                                                 0 2,869,153     2,869,153           –          –           0              –               –               –




112            FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


1.       As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 13 March 2023 in respect of the above grants, the Company considered the following facts
         before making such grants:


         (a)    the shorter lock-up period (less than one month) applicable to the above grants was in line with the Company’s remuneration policies in
                force for time being as advised by the Company’s human resources department which had been in force since 2013 when the Former Share
                Scheme was adopted (which was long before the Existing Chapter 17 has become effective on 1 January 2023). In this respect, both the
                Company’s remuneration committee (comprising all the independent non-executive directors of the Company) and the Board (but excluding,
                for the avoidance of doubt, the above grantees) were of the view that such shorter lock-up period was appropriate in the circumstances as a
                timely recognition of the achievements and contributions made by such grantees, having also taken into consideration, among others, (1) the
                base and other form of remuneration available to such grantees; and (2) factors affecting the Group’s business performance which might be
                beyond their control or otherwise irrelevant to their individual contributions; and


         (b)    both the Company’s remuneration committee and the Board (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the above grantees) were of the
                view that following past practice since 2013 when the Former Share Scheme was adopted, the above grants had been made unconditionally
                without any performance targets nor clawback mechanism; that said, such grants were aligned with the purposes of the Former Share
                Scheme by recognising the achievements and contributions made by such grantees and by giving incentives to reward, motivate and retain
                them for the purposes of the Group’s future development, expansion and long-term success.


2.       The fair value of the shares at the date of grant is measured by the quoted market price of the shares at the date of grant. In relation to equity-
         settled share-based payment transactions:


         •      Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others who provide similar services are measured at the fair value of the equity
                instruments at the grant date.


         •      The fair value of services received determined by reference to the fair value of share options or ordinary shares granted at the grant date
                without taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period or recognised
                as an expense in full at the grant date when the share options or ordinary shares granted vest immediately, with a corresponding increase in
                equity (share compensation reserve). The fair value of the ordinary shares granted shall be measured at the market price of the shares, and
                the fair value of the share options granted shall be estimated by applying an option-pricing model.


         •      At the end of the reporting period (i.e. 31 December 2023), the Group revises its estimates of the number of options or ordinary shares that
                are expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates
                during the vesting period, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimates, with a
                corresponding adjustment to share compensation reserve.


         •      When the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share compensation reserve will be transferred to share premium.
                When the share options are forfeited or cancelled after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously
                recognised in share compensation reserve will be transferred to retained profits.


         •      When new ordinary shares are issued pursuant to the award scheme, the fair value of the ordinary shares granted that vest immediately or
                without lock-up period is recognised as an expense in full at the grant date with corresponding increase in equity (share compensation
                reserve). When the ordinary share awards are granted with lock-up period, which has same meaning as vesting period, the fair value of such
                amounts granted at the grant date is expensed on a straight-line basis over the lock-up period.


         •      The cancellation of share options granted is accounted for as an acceleration of vesting. The amount that would otherwise have been
                recognised for services received over the remainder of the vesting period is, therefore, recognised immediately.




                                                                                                              A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3              113
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


In relation to the Former Share Scheme which was terminated on 19 May 2023, pursuant to the Former Share
Scheme and the annual general mandate (the “2022 General Mandate”) granted by the Company’s then
shareholders at the annual general meeting held on 20 May 2022 (the “2022 AGM”), the maximum aggregate
number of shares of the Company that were available for the trustee’s subscription on behalf of those beneficiaries
who were not the Company’s connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) as well as the Company’s related
allotment and issue under the Former Share Scheme and the 2022 General Mandate was limited to 159,460,000
shares, representing 2% of the total number of shares in issue as at the date of the 2022 AGM. Since the grant of
the 2022 General Mandate at the 2022 AGM until the termination of the Former Share Scheme on 19 May 2023,
no shares had been subscribed for by the trustee nor allotted and issued by the Company under the 2022 General
Mandate. Immediately before and immediately after the purchase of 2,869,153 shares during the period from
1 January 2023 to 19 May 2023 as disclosed above, the total number of shares that were available for the trustee’s
subscription on behalf of those beneficiaries who were not the Company’s connected persons as well as the
Company’s related allotment and issue under the Former Share Scheme and the 2022 General Mandate had
remained the same, i.e. 159,460,000 shares. It follows that the total number of shares available for grant under the
2022 General Mandate as at 1 January 2023 and as at 19 May 2023 (being the date on which the Former Share
Scheme was terminated) was 159,460,000 shares, representing approximately 2.02% of the total number of
shares in issue as at the date of this report of the directors. 159,460,000 shares (representing approximately 2.02%
of the total number of shares in issue as at the date of this report of the directors) when divided by 7,914,531,751
shares (representing the weighted average number of shares in issue for the current year) was 0.02015.

Existing Share Option Scheme
The purpose of the Existing Share Option Scheme is to attract and retain capable, skilled and experienced
personnel, to incentivise them to remain with the Group and to give effect to the Group’s customer-focused and
performance-driven corporate culture, and to motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion
and long-term success of the Group, by providing them with the opportunity to acquire equity interests in the
Company.

Subject to the terms of the Existing Share Option Scheme, the Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s))
may, at its/their absolute discretion, offer options to subscribe for shares to any of the directors and other members
of senior management and other employees of the Group (including without limitation any person who is a
proposed grantee as an inducement to enter into an employment contract (or the equivalent) with the Company or
any of its subsidiaries) who may be eligible to participate in the Existing Share Option Scheme in accordance with
the terms set out in the Existing Share Option Scheme (collectively, the “Eligible Participants”).

The total number of shares issuable upon exercise of all options which may be granted pursuant to the Existing
Share Option Scheme and upon being granted pursuant to the Existing Share Scheme (as disclosed below) as at the
adoption date (i.e. 19 May 2023) shall be 791,700,000 shares, representing 10% of the total number of shares in
issue as at 19 May 2023 and approximately 10.03% of the total number of shares in issue as at the date of this
report of the directors. 791,700,000 shares (representing approximately 10.03% of the total number of shares in
issue as at the date of this report of the directors) when divided by 7,914,531,751 shares (representing the
weighted average number of shares in issue for the current year) was 0.10003.

If any options to be granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director, or any of his/its
associates (as defined in the Listing Rules), will result in the total number of the shares granted and to be granted
to such connected person or his/its associate(s) (whether pursuant to the Existing Share Option Scheme or the
Existing Share Scheme) during the 12-month period up to and including the date of such proposed grant
representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the total issued shares of the Company as at the date of such proposed
grant, then such proposed grant will be required to be approved by the independent shareholders of the Company
in general meeting, at which all core connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, such
connected person and their respective associates shall abstain from voting on the relevant resolution(s) at the
general meeting.


114    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


If any proposed grant of an option to any proposed grantee would result in the total number of shares granted and
to be granted to such proposed grantee (whether pursuant to the Existing Share Option Scheme or the Existing
Share Scheme) during the 12-month period up to and including the date of such proposed grant exceeding 1% of
the total number of issued shares of the Company as at the date of such proposed grant, then such proposed grant
must be separately approved by the independent shareholders of the Company in general meeting, at which such
proposed grantee and his/her close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) shall abstain from voting.

The period within which the options must be exercised will be specified by the Board (or its duly authorised
officer(s) or delegate(s)) at the time of grant, which must not be more than 10 years from the date of grant of such
options. All options granted under the Existing Share Option Scheme will be subject to a vesting period of a
minimum of one year (subject to a shorter period under any one or more of certain specific circumstances) and up
to six years (or such other period which must not be more than 10 years from the date of grant of the relevant
options) as determined by the Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) at the time of granting the
relevant option, which will vary from option holder to option holder. When making an offer to grant an option to a
proposed grantee, the Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) may in its absolute discretion specify
any one or more of the relevant conditions, including (if applicable) satisfactory performance target(s) achievement
rating which shall be achieved by the proposed grantee before his exercise of such option as well as the clawback
mechanism adopted by the Board as more particularly described at page 21 of the Company’s circular as issued
and published on 13 April 2023. An offer of grant of an option must be accepted by the date being a date not
more than 30 days after the date of the offer. The amount payable upon acceptance of an option is HK$1.00.

The amount payable for each share to be subscribed for upon exercise of an option shall be determined by the
Board and shall be the highest of: (a) the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily
quotations sheet on the date of grant, which must be a business day; (b) the average closing price of the shares as
stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of
grant; and (c) the nominal value of a share.

Since its adoption, no option has been granted under the Existing Share Option Scheme. As discussed below, since
no new shares have been subscribed for by the trustee nor allotted and issued by the Company under the Existing
Share Scheme during the current year, it follows that the total number of shares that might be issued in respect of
options and awards that might be granted under the Existing Share Option Scheme and the Existing Share Scheme
respectively during the current year had remained 791,700,000 shares (representing 10% of the total number of
shares in issue as at 19 May 2023). 791,700,000 shares (representing the aforesaid total number of shares) when
divided by 7,914,531,751 shares (representing the weighted average number of shares in issue for the current
year) was 0.10003.

Please also refer to note 36 to the consolidated financial statements.

Existing Share Scheme
The purpose of the Existing Share Scheme is to attract and retain capable, skilled and experienced personnel, to
incentivise them to remain with the Group and to give effect to the Group’s customer-focused and performance-
driven corporate culture, and to motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion and long-term
success of the Group, by providing them with the opportunity to acquire equity interests in the Company.

The Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) may propose or determine (a) which Eligible Participants
shall be entitled to receive grants of shares under the Existing Share Scheme; (b) the number of shares to which
each such Eligible Participant shall be entitled; (c) making the relevant grants of shares to the beneficiaries under
the Existing Share Scheme subject to such conditions as the Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s))
may deem appropriate at its discretion; and (d) the lock-up period applicable to each grant of shares to a
beneficiary, in each case upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Existing Share Scheme.



                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    115
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


An offer for grant of shares (in respect of which no consideration nor purchase price is payable) must be accepted
by the date being a date not more than 30 days after the date of the offer.

If any proposed grant of shares to any connected person in relation to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any
of his/its associates will result in the total number of the shares granted and to be granted to such connected
person or his/its associate(s) (whether pursuant to the Existing Share Option Scheme or the Existing Share Scheme)
during the 12-month period up to and including the date of such proposed grant representing in aggregate over
0.1% of the total issued shares of the Company as at the date of such proposed grant, then such proposed grant
will be required to be approved by the independent shareholders of the Company in general meeting, at which all
core connected persons of the Company, such connected person and their respective associates shall abstain from
voting on the relevant resolution(s) at the general meeting.

If any proposed grant of shares to any proposed grantee would result in the total number of shares granted and to
be granted to such proposed grantee (whether pursuant to the Existing Share Option Scheme or the Existing Share
Scheme) during the 12-month period up to and including the date of such proposed grant exceeding 1% of the
total number of issued shares of the Company as at the date of such proposed grant, then such proposed grant
must be separately approved by the independent shareholders of the Company in general meeting, at which such
proposed grantee and his/her close associates shall abstain from voting.

For grants to beneficiaries who are not connected persons of the Company, the trustee for the Existing Share
Scheme (being a professional institution) shall subscribe, on behalf of such beneficiaries, for new shares at nominal
value from the Company, whereas for grants to beneficiaries who are connected persons of the Company, the
trustee shall purchase, on behalf of such beneficiaries, shares in the open market at the prevailing market price
reasonably obtainable by it, so that such grants will not constitute connected transactions (as defined in the Listing
Rules) of the Company. For details about the trustee for the Existing Share Scheme (previously acting as the trustee
for the Former Share Scheme), please refer to pages 10 and 11 of the Company’s circular as issued and published
on 13 April 2023.

On the date of subscription or purchase of shares (as the case may be) by the trustee on behalf of the relevant
beneficiaries, the beneficial ownership of the shares and the related income arising therefrom as held by the trustee
which are referable to the beneficiary is vested in that beneficiary, whereas the legal title of such shares and related
income is vested in and will be held by the trustee at all times during the corresponding lock-up period, in both
cases upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Existing Share Scheme.

Beneficiaries will not be permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of or deal with some or all their shares and the
related income arising therefrom during a lock-up period of a minimum of one year (subject to a shorter period
under any one or more of certain specified circumstances) and up to three years, which will vary from beneficiary to
beneficiary as to be determined by the Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) and communicated to
the trustee, commencing from the date of grant.

When making an offer to grant shares to a proposed beneficiary under the Existing Share Scheme, the Board (or its
duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) may in its absolute discretion specify any one or more of the relevant
conditions, including (if applicable) satisfactory performance target(s) achievement rating which shall be achieved
by the proposed grantee as well as the clawback mechanism adopted by the Board as more particularly described
at page 21 of the Company’s circular as issued and published on 13 April 2023, before vesting of the legal title of
the relevant shares in him.

The shares to be granted to the proposed beneficiaries under the Existing Share Scheme will be granted for free
and will, including those to be granted to the directors and other senior management of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, form part of their remuneration (being a discretionary bonus in the form of a share grant or a
discretionary cash bonus satisfied in the form of shares).


116    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The total number of shares issuable upon being granted pursuant to the Existing Share Scheme and upon exercise
of all options which may be granted pursuant to the Existing Share Option Scheme (as disclosed above) as at the
adoption date (i.e. 19 May 2023) was 791,700,000 shares, representing 10% of the total number of shares in issue
as at the adoption date and approximately 10.03% of the total number of shares in issue as at the date of this
report of the directors.

Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 13 September 2023 and the subsequent finalisation by the Board’s
delegate, the Company offered 3,346,591 ordinary shares to a total of 2 beneficiaries pursuant to the Existing
Share Scheme, of which 3,346,591 ordinary shares were granted with lock-up periods up to 12 September 2024
and 5 November 2024 respectively from the grant dates (i.e. 13 September 2023 and 6 November 2023
respectively). No consideration nor purchase price was payable on acceptance of offer of the shares. A total of
3,346,591 ordinary shares were purchased by the trustee of the Existing Share Scheme from the market in
September 2023 and November 2023 respectively. Please refer to the Company’s announcements dated
13 September 2023 and 6 November 2023 respectively for details. Save as disclosed as aforesaid, no further share
was granted under the Existing Share Scheme during the current period.

Movements of share grants under the Existing Share Scheme during the current period (i.e. 1 January 2023 to
31 December 2023) were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             average
                                                                                                           Number of shares granted under the Existing Share Scheme                  Closing price                      closing price
                                                                                              Unvested                                                                   Unvested    of the Shares                     of the Shares
                                                                                                 Award                                                                      Award     immediately     Fair value of     immediately
                                                                                                 Shares                                   Cancelled/                        Shares          before   Award Shares              before
                                    Date of        Vesting         Date of                         as of       Granted        Vested       forfeited      Lapsed             as of     the date of   at the date of       the date of
                                    grant          period          vesting        Purchase    1 January          during        during         during       during     31 December            grant            grant           vesting
Name of participant                 (dd.mm.yyyy)   (dd.mm.yyyy)    (dd.mm.yyyy)       price        2023        the year      the year       the year     the year             2023           (HK$)            (HK$)             (HK$)
                                                                                                                (Note 1)                                                                                    (Note 2)


CHIH Yu Yang                        06.11.2023     06.11.2023 to   06.11.2024           Nil           0       1,979,598             0              –            –        1,979,598           0.59              0.62                –
 (executive director, also acting                    05.11.2024
 as chief executive officer)

LIN Chia-Yi                         13.09.2023     13.09.2023 to   13.09.2024           Nil           0       1,366,993             0              –            –        1,366,993           0.68              0.71                –
   (also known as Charles LIN)                       12.09.2024
   (executive director)

Total                                                                                                 0       3,346,591             0              –            –        3,346,591              –                 –                –


Notes:

1.          The shares had been granted subject to certain conditions, including the achievement of satisfactory performance targets achievement rating and the
            clawback mechanism adopted by the Board as more particularly described at page 21 of the Company’s circular as issued and published on 13 April
            2023. In relation to the above grants, the performance targets set for Mr. Chih and Mr. Lin (both being the Company’s executive directors)
            respectively are generally summarised as follows (in this respect, it should be pointed out that the specific performance targets set for each of the
            Company’s executive directors represent commercially sensitive information of the Company, particularly in the eyes of the Group’s industry peers):

            Mr. Chih
            In respect of the relevant 12-month period applicable to the above grant: (a) Mr. Chih’s individual performance in terms of his pre-determined
            key performance indicators (“KPIs”); (b) the specific functional targets assigned to Mr. Chih in his dual capacities as the Company’s executive director
            and chief executive officer; (c) the financial and other objectives set for Mr. Chih; (d) the KPIs set for the office of the Company’s chief executive
            officer to which the global members of the Group’s Global Leadership Team directly report; and (e) the additional performance targets as set forth in
            the Directors’ Remuneration Policy of the Company as amended from time to time.

            Mr. Lin
            In respect of the relevant 12-month period applicable to the above grant: (a) Mr. Lin’s individual performance in terms of his pre-determined KPIs;
            (b) the specific functional targets assigned to Mr. Lin in his capacity as the Company’s executive director; (c) the financial and other objectives set for
            Mr. Lin; (d) the KPIs set for the Group’s DMS (Design Manufacturing Solutions) business unit headed by Mr. Lin; and (e) the additional performance
            targets as set forth in the Directors’ Remuneration Policy of the Company as amended from time to time.

2.          The fair value of the shares at the date of grant is measured by the quoted market price of the shares at the date of grant. For details, please see
            Note 2 at page 113 of this report of the directors.




                                                                                                                                                             A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3                                      117
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


As no new shares have been or will be subscribed for by the trustee nor allotted and issued by the Company under
the Existing Share Scheme in respect of the above grants and as discussed above, no options have been granted
under the Existing Share Option Scheme since its adoption, the total number of shares that might be issued in
respect of options and awards that might be granted under the Existing Share Option Scheme and the Existing
Share Scheme respectively during the current year had remained 791,700,000 shares (representing 10% of the
total number of shares in issue as at 19 May 2023). 791,700,000 shares (representing the aforesaid total number
of shares) when divided by 7,914,531,751 shares (representing the weighted average number of shares in issue for
the current year) was 0.10003.

BFIH Share Option Scheme
BFIH adopted a share option scheme (the “BFIH Share Option Scheme”) on 28 May 2021 following the passing of
an ordinary resolution approving the same by the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting of
the Company held on 28 May 2021. The BFIH Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10
years from 28 May 2021 until 27 May 2031, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with its terms.

For the purposes of the Existing Chapter 17, BFIH is not a “principal subsidiary” of the Company on the basis that
during the current period and up to the date of this report of the directors, the revenue, profits or total assets of
BFIH did not, and does not, account for 75% or more of that of the Company under the applicable percentage
ratios (as defined in the Listing Rules) in any of the latest three financial years (including the current period).
Accordingly, the relevant provisions of the Existing Chapter 17 do not apply to the BFIH Share Option Scheme.

As to the amendments to the BFIH Share Option Scheme and the cancellation of the share options granted under
the BFIH Share Option Scheme together with the movements of such cancelled share options (in each case taking
place in 2022), please refer to pages 133 to 135 of the Company’s 2022 annual report as issued and published on
13 April 2023.

The purpose of the BFIH Share Option Scheme is to attract and retain capable and skilled and experienced
personnel, to incentivize them to remain with BFIH and its subsidiaries (the “BFIH Group”) and to give effect to the
BFIH Group’s customer-focused and performance-driven corporate culture, and to motivate them to strive for the
future development and expansion and long-term success of the BFIH Group, by providing them with the
opportunity to acquire equity interests in BFIH.

Subject to the terms of the BFIH Share Option Scheme, the board of directors of BFIH (or its duly authorised
committee, officer(s) or delegate(s)) may, at its absolute discretion, offer to grant to (a) the employees as designated
by BFIH (including directors (other than independent directors as defined under applicable Indian regulations) of the
BFIH Group; and (b) the third party service providers of the BFIH Group, comprising the employees (including directors
(other than independent directors or the foreign equivalent) and members of senior management) of a direct or
indirect holding company (as defined under the India Companies Act) of BFIH (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
the Company and Hon Hai), but excluding in both cases: (i) an employee who is a promoter or a person belonging to
the promoter group; and (ii) a director who either himself or through his relative or through any body corporate,
directly or indirectly, holds more than 10% of the outstanding/issued equity shares of BFIH) (collectively, the “BFIH
Eligible Persons”) options to subscribe for BFIH shares on the terms set out in the BFIH Share Option Scheme.

The total number of BFIH shares in respect of which options may be granted under the BFIH Share Option Scheme
shall be 154,984,498 shares, representing 6.51% of the total number of issued shares of BFIH as at the date of this
report of the directors.

The total number of BFIH shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of options granted and to be granted to
each grantee in any 12-month period up to the date of the latest grant shall not exceed 1% of the total number of
issued shares of BFIH from time to time.



118    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The minimum period for which the options must be held before they can be exercised and the period within which
the options must be exercised (the “BFIH vesting period”) will be specified by the board of directors of BFIH (or its
duly authorised committee, officer(s) or delegate(s)) at the time of the offer of grant. The BFIH vesting period is
from a minimum of one year and up to six years (or such other period which must not be less than one year nor
more than 10 years from the date of grant of the relevant options) as determined by the board of directors of BFIH
(or its duly authorised committee, officer(s) or delegate(s)) at the time of granting the relevant options. The
minimum vesting period of one year shall not apply in case of early vesting of options owing to the grantee’s death
or permanent incapacity, or ill-health, injury or disability not attributable to the grantee’s own misconduct. An offer
of grant of an option under the BFIH Share Option Scheme must be accepted by the date being a date not more
than 30 days after the date of the offer. No amount is payable on acceptance of an option.

The amount payable for each BFIH share to be subscribed for upon exercise of an option under the BFIH Share
Option Scheme shall be determined by the board of directors of BFIH in its absolute discretion and notified to a
BFIH Eligible Person, after having taken into account (among other things) the nominal value and then market value
of a BFIH share, provided that such amount shall not be lower than the nominal value of a BFIH share.

No option was granted under the BFIH Share Option Scheme during the current period. As at 1 January 2023 and
31 December 2023, no option was outstanding under the BFIH Share Option Scheme. Accordingly, no option was
exercisable as at 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023.

Please also refer to note 36 to the consolidated financial statements.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the current period, revenue from sales of goods and rendering of services to the Group’s five largest
customers accounted for approximately 88.98% of the Group’s total revenue from sales of goods and rendering of
services for the current period and revenue from sales of goods and rendering of services to the Group’s largest
customer amounted to approximately 45.61%. Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for
approximately 45.91% of the Group’s total purchases for the current period and purchases from the Group’s
largest supplier amounted to approximately 15.80%.

None of the directors of the Company or any of their close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any
shareholder (which, to the best knowledge of the directors, owns more than 5% of the total number of issued
shares of the Company as at the date of this report of the directors) had any interest in any of the Group’s five
largest customers and five largest suppliers, except that the Hon Hai Technology Group is one of the Group’s five
largest suppliers as well as one of the Group’s five largest customers, and Mr. Chih, Dr. KUO Wen-Yi and
Mr. Chang, being executive directors and a non-executive director respectively of the Company, have interests in
Hon Hai as more particularly described in the section headed “Disclosure of Interests” above of this report of the
directors.

For related matters, please refer to the section headed “Business Review — Discussion and Analysis — Key
Relationships with Customers, Suppliers and Employees” above of this report of the directors.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business
of the Company (other than service contracts with any director or any person engaged in the full-time employment
of the Company) were entered into or existed during the current period.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
As at the latest practicable date prior to the issue of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report of
the directors, to the best knowledge of the directors and based on the information publicly available to the
Company, there was sufficient public float as required by the Listing Rules.



                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    119
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
During the current period and up to the date of this report of the directors, pursuant to the Buy-back Mandates (as
defined in the Company’s circulars dated 14 April 2022 and 14 April 2023 respectively) duly approved by the
Company’s shareholders at the Company’s annual general meetings held on 20 May 2022 and 19 May 2023
respectively, the Company bought back in multiple batches a total of 36,939,000 shares on the Stock Exchange in
cash for an aggregate consideration (before expenses) of HK$25,353,580.00. Among these shares so bought back,
6,739,000 shares, 4,000,000 shares, 3,031,000 shares, 5,969,000 shares and 3,000,000 shares were cancelled on
13 January 2023, 13 April 2023, 11 September 2023, 10 October 2023 and 7 December 2023 respectively,
whereas the remaining 14,200,000 shares were cancelled on 15 January 2024, in all cases in accordance with the
Articles.

The above share buy-backs are summarised as follows:

                                                                                                    Aggregate
                Date of              No. of shares              Price per share             consideration paid
               buy-back              bought back            Highest          Lowest          (before expenses)
                                                               HK$              HK$                       HK$

           3 January 2023                2,161,000             0.86              0.85              1,851,200.00
           4 January 2023                1,078,000             0.87              0.86                932,080.00
           5 January 2023                1,000,000             0.86              0.86                860,000.00
           6 January 2023                2,500,000             0.85              0.84              2,121,070.00
           30 March 2023                   232,000             0.84              0.84                194,880.00
           31 March 2023                 3,768,000             0.85              0.83              3,179,290.00
          15 August 2023                   354,000             0.77              0.77                272,580.00
          23 August 2023                 1,000,000             0.72              0.72                720,000.00
          24 August 2023                   677,000             0.72              0.72                487,440.00
          31 August 2023                 1,000,000             0.68              0.68                680,000.00
       5 September 2023                    400,000             0.72              0.72                288,000.00
       6 September 2023                    400,000             0.71              0.71                284,000.00
       7 September 2023                    400,000             0.71              0.71                284,000.00
      11 September 2023                  1,400,000             0.69              0.68                962,000.00
      15 September 2023                    800,000             0.70              0.70                560,000.00
      18 September 2023                    300,000             0.70              0.70                210,000.00
      20 September 2023                    200,000             0.70              0.70                140,000.00
      21 September 2023                    100,000             0.68              0.68                 68,000.00
      25 September 2023                    288,000             0.68              0.68                195,840.00
      26 September 2023                    981,000             0.68              0.67                661,390.00
      28 September 2023                    400,000             0.66              0.66                264,000.00
      29 September 2023                    300,000             0.66              0.66                198,000.00
      15 November 2023                     800,000             0.60              0.60                480,000.00
      30 November 2023                   2,200,000             0.58              0.58              1,276,000.00
        1 December 2023                  1,800,000             0.59              0.58              1,050,000.00
       4 December 2023                   1,504,000             0.56              0.55                835,200.00
       5 December 2023                   1,000,000             0.54              0.54                540,000.00
      14 December 2023                     664,000             0.55              0.55                365,200.00




120      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                    Aggregate
              Date of               No. of shares              Price per share              consideration paid
             buy-back               bought back            Highest          Lowest           (before expenses)
                                                              HK$              HK$                        HK$

    19 December 2023                      415,000              0.56             0.56                232,400.00
    20 December 2023                    1,621,000              0.57             0.57                923,970.00
    21 December 2023                      300,000              0.58             0.57                173,820.00
    22 December 2023                      296,000              0.59             0.59                174,640.00
    27 December 2023                    1,900,000              0.59             0.58              1,113,640.00
    28 December 2023                      206,000              0.60             0.60                123,600.00
    29 December 2023                       94,000              0.61             0.61                 57,340.00
       2 January 2024                   1,400,000              0.60             0.59                834,000.00
       3 January 2024                     300,000              0.59             0.59                177,000.00
       4 January 2024                   1,600,000              0.59             0.58                931,000.00
        5 January 2024                  1,100,000              0.60             0.59                652,000.00
                                       36,939,000                                                25,353,580.00


For details about each of the above share buy-backs and share cancellations, please refer to the Explanatory
Statements of the Buy-back Mandates as Appendix I to the Company’s circulars dated 14 April 2022 and 14 April
2023 respectively as well as the next day disclosure returns and monthly returns as issued and published from 3
January 2023 to 1 February 2024 (both dates inclusive).

The Board believes that the value of the Company’s shares traded on-market was undervalued. Accordingly, the
Board is of the view that the above share buy-backs are in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a
whole.

Save for the aforesaid, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the
Company’s listed securities during the current period.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the memorandum and articles of association of the Company
in force for the time being and the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands (as amended from time to time).

PENSION SCHEMES
Details of the Group’s pension schemes and the basis of calculation are set out in note 35 to the consolidated
financial statements.

TAX RELIEF
The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to its shareholders by reason of their holding of the
shares of the Company. If the shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding,
disposing of, dealing in, or exercising any rights in relation to the shares of the Company, they are advised to
consult independent professional adviser(s).




                                                                              A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   121
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established and maintained an audit committee in accordance with the requirements of the
Listing Rules, particularly the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules (the “CG
Code”). Its primary duties are to review the Group’s financial reporting process and internal control and enterprise
risk management systems, nominate and monitor external auditor and provide advice and comments to the Board.
The audit committee comprises three independent non-executive directors (among whom one of the independent
non-executive directors has the appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
management expertise as required under the Listing Rules).

The audit committee has reviewed the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the current
period and the annual report incorporating this report of the directors and recommended the same to the Board
for approval.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
None of the directors of the Company is aware of information that would reasonably indicate that the Company is
not, or was not for any part of the current period, in compliance with the code provisions set out in Part 2 of the
CG Code during the current period.

For more details, please refer to the Company’s 2023 corporate governance report, which forms part of the
Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report of the directors.

AUDITOR
The consolidated financial statements have been audited by the Company’s auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
who is due to retire and, being eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment as auditor of the Company at the
forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

On behalf of the Board




CHIH Yu Yang
Acting Chairman

7 March 2024




122    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF FIH MOBILE LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of FIH Mobile Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 128 to 195, which comprise the consolidated statement
of financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for
the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of
our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current year. The matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    123
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTER (Continued)

 Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Fair value measurement of unlisted equity
 investment in relation to HMD Global Oy
 (“HMD”) and expected credit loss (“ECL”) on
 trade receivables due from HMD

 We identified fair value measurement of unlisted equity   Our procedures in relation to evaluating the
 investment in relation to HMD and ECL on trade            appropriateness of the management’s fair value
 receivables from HMD as a key audit matter due to the     measurement of unlisted equity investment in relation to
 involvement of significant estimation uncertainty over    HMD and ECL on trade receivables due from HMD
 the assumptions.                                          included:

 As disclosed in notes 4, 16 and 32 to the consolidated    •    Understanding how the Group’s management
 financial statements, in determining the fair value of         determines the fair value of unlisted equity
 unlisted equity investment in relation to HMD and ECL          investment in relation to HMD and ECL on trade
 on trade receivables due from HMD, the Group                   receivables due from HMD, including the valuation
 engaged independent professional valuers to (i)                model adopted, key assumptions used and the
 perform the valuation of the investment using option-          involvement of independent professional valuers
 pricing method to allocate the equity value of HMD             appointed by the Group;
 derived from cash flow projection based on financial
 budgets and business plan approved by HMD’s               •    Evaluating the competence, capability and
 management for the estimated future cash flow                  objectivity of the valuers;
 discounted to its present value, which required the use
 of key assumptions, including the discount rate,          •    In respect of the fair value measurement of unlisted
 terminal growth rate, budgeted sales and gross margin          equity investment in relation to HMD:
 and taking into account relevant industry growth and
 market development forecasts and (ii) assess the ECL           •    Evaluating the historical reasonableness of the
 on trade receivables due from HMD individually,                     financial budgets prepared by the HMD’s
 including expected probability of default rate, forward             management by comparing the historical
 looking adjustments and the estimated loss given                    budgets with the actual performance;
 default rate, based on market available information.
                                                                •    Evaluating the reasonableness of the budgeted
                                                                     sales and gross margin by considering the
                                                                     financial budgets and business plan approved
                                                                     by the management of HMD, relevant industry
                                                                     growth and market development forecast
                                                                     with reference to the available industry and
                                                                     market data;




124    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTER (Continued)

 Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 The fair value of unlisted equity investment in relation   •   In respect of the ECL on trade receivables from the
 to HMD was determined as US$25,700,000 as at 31                HMD, assessing the reasonableness of key
 December 2023 and fair value loss of US$78,200,000             assumptions adopted by the valuer, including
 was recognised in other comprehensive income for the           expected probability of default rate, forward looking
 year ended 31 December 2023. The gross carrying                adjustments and the estimated loss given default
 amount of the trade receivables due from HMD was               rate, based on market available information; and
 US$215,296,000 as at 31 December 2023 and related
 ECL of US$137,758,000 was recognised in profit or          •   Engaging our valuation expert to evaluate the
 loss for the year ended 31 December 2023.                      appropriateness of the valuation models adopted
                                                                and the selected key assumptions used in respect of
                                                                the fair value of unlisted equity investment in
                                                                relation to HMD and ECL on trade receivables due
                                                                from HMD.

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    125
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other
purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
      to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
      that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
      forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
      on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
      cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
      uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
      consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
      conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
      for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
      opinion.




126    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine the matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe the matter in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Keung To Wai, David.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong
7 March 2024




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    127
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                       Notes        US$’000         US$’000

Revenue                                                                 5          6,445,798      9,394,319
Cost of sales                                                                     (6,335,982)    (9,202,363)
Gross profit                                                                        109,816         191,956
Other income, gains and losses                                          6           229,512         132,630
Impairment loss under expected credit loss model, net of reversal                  (133,823)         (80,534)
Impairment loss recognised for property, plant and equipment                         (4,882)           (3,703)
Selling expenses                                                                     (5,386)           (8,913)
General and administrative expenses                                                (156,914)       (179,644)
Research and development expenses                                                   (57,108)         (74,452)
Interest expenses                                                                   (60,600)         (29,578)
Share of loss of associates                                                            (344)           (3,085)
Share of loss of a joint venture                                                    (20,175)           (4,361)
Loss before tax                                                         7            (99,904)       (59,684)
Income tax expense                                                      10           (20,869)       (12,451)
Loss for the year                                                                  (120,773)        (72,135)
Other comprehensive (expense) income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Fair value loss on investments in equity instruments
   at fair value through other comprehensive income                                  (84,735)       (79,405)
   Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans                                        243            384
                                                                                     (84,492)       (79,021)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                 (15,324)      (221,898)
   Share of translation reserve of associates                                           (337)        (2,712)
   Share of translation reserve of a joint venture                                     1,093          (2,454)
                                                                                     (14,568)      (227,064)
Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of income tax                          (99,060)      (306,085)
Total comprehensive expense for the year                                           (219,833)       (378,220)
Loss for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                            (120,680)        (72,107)
  Non-controlling interests                                                             (93)             (28)
                                                                                   (120,773)        (72,135)
Total comprehensive (expense) income attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                            (220,037)       (377,523)
  Non-controlling interests                                                             204            (697)
                                                                                   (219,833)       (378,220)
Loss per share                                                          12
  Basic                                                                        (US1.52 cents)   (US0.91 cent)
  Diluted                                                                      (US1.52 cents)   (US0.91 cent)



128    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
At 31 December 2023


                                                                    2023               2022
                                                   Notes          US$’000            US$’000

Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                     13             639,374           728,302
  Right-of-use assets                               14              39,019            40,198
  Investment properties                             15                 406            10,189
  Equity instruments at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                           16              62,002           143,610
  Interests in associates                           17              25,270            25,951
  Interest in a joint venture                       18              14,103            33,185
  Deferred tax assets                               19              18,790            14,557
  Deposit for acquisition of right-of-use assets                    26,908            27,366
  Other receivables                                 15              34,625                 –
                                                                   860,497         1,023,358
Current assets
  Inventories                                       20             591,557           731,898
  Trade and other receivables                       21             971,716         1,905,645
  Bank deposits                                     28              50,343            24,280
  Cash and cash equivalents                         28           1,845,323         1,825,109
                                                                 3,458,939         4,486,932
Current liabilities
  Trade and other payables                          22           1,643,013         2,704,356
  Contract liabilities                                             331,543           273,157
  Lease liabilities                                 23               1,235             1,498
  Bank borrowings                                   24             703,676           676,054
  Provision                                         29               2,014             2,779
  Tax payable                                                       55,484            50,588
                                                                 2,736,965         3,708,432
Net current assets                                                 721,974           778,500
Total assets less current liabilities                            1,582,471         1,801,858




                                                           A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   129
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
At 31 December 2023


                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                    Notes         US$’000          US$’000

Capital and reserves
  Share capital                                                      25            316,200         317,550
  Reserves                                                                       1,242,287       1,464,103
Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                     1,558,487       1,781,653
Non-controlling interests                                                            2,885           6,123
Total equity                                                                     1,561,372       1,787,776
Non-current liabilities
  Deferred tax liabilities                                           19             11,236            3,752
  Deferred income                                                    30              7,119            8,067
  Lease liabilities                                                  23              2,744            2,263
                                                                                    21,099          14,082
                                                                                 1,582,471       1,801,858


The consolidated financial statements on pages 128 to 195 were approved and authorised for issue by the board
of directors on 7 March 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




                       CHIH YU YANG                                         KUO WEN-YI
                         DIRECTOR                                            DIRECTOR




130     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                 Shares
                                                            bought-back                                                                                Share                                    Non-
                                     Share        Share        pending       Special    Revaluation         Other          Legal     Translation compensation    Retained                 controlling
                                     capital   premium      cancellation     reserve        reserve       reserve        reserve        reserve       reserve      profits   Sub-total      interests        Total
                                    US$’000     US$’000         US$’000     US$’000        US$’000        US$’000       US$’000         US$’000       US$’000    US$’000      US$’000        US$’000      US$’000
                                                                            (note 26)       (note a)      (note b)      (note 26)


Balance at 1 January 2022           320,400    1,182,629          (1,170)    15,514          12,601          (405)       176,419        139,976          513      313,483    2,159,960         7,309     2,167,269
Loss for the year                         –            –               –           –              –             –                –            –             –     (72,107)     (72,107)           (28)     (72,135)
Other comprehensive (expense)
  income for the year                     –            –               –           –        (79,405)          384                –     (226,395)            –           –     (305,416)         (669)     (306,085)

Total comprehensive (expense)
  income for the year                     –            –               –           –        (79,405)          384                –     (226,395)            –     (72,107)    (377,523)         (697)     (378,220)

Repurchase of ordinary shares
  (note 25)                               –            –        (10,276)           –              –             –                –            –             –           –      (10,276)             –      (10,276)
Cancellation of ordinary shares      (2,850)      (7,426)        10,276            –              –             –                –            –             –           –            –              –            –
Disposal of equity instruments
  at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                    –            –               –           –         (1,459)            –                –            –             –       1,459            –              –            –
Payment made for equity-settled
  share-based payment                     –            –               –           –              –             –                –            –        (1,197)          –       (1,197)             –       (1,197)
Recognition of equity-settled
  share-based payment (note 36)           –            –               –           –              –             –                –            –          684            –         684          9,516       10,200
Cancellation of equity-settled
  share-based payment (note 36)           –            –               –           –              –             –                –            –             –      10,005      10,005        (10,005)            –

Balance at 31 December 2022         317,550    1,175,203         (1,170)     15,514         (68,263)          (21)       176,419        (86,419)            –     252,840    1,781,653         6,123     1,787,776
Loss for the year                         –            –               –           –              –             –                –            –             –    (120,680)    (120,680)          (93)     (120,773)
Other comprehensive (expense)
  income for the year                     –            –               –           –        (84,735)          243                –      (14,865)            –           –      (99,357)          297       (99,060)

Total comprehensive (expense)
  income for the year                     –            –               –           –        (84,735)          243                –      (14,865)            –    (120,680)    (220,037)          204      (219,833)

Repurchase of ordinary shares
  (note 25)                               –            –         (2,908)           –              –             –                –            –             –           –       (2,908)             –       (2,908)
Cancellation of ordinary shares      (1,350)      (2,014)         3,364            –              –             –                –            –             –           –            –              –            –
Disposal of equity instruments
  at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                    –            –               –           –          6,277             –                –            –             –      (6,277)           –              –            –
Payment made for equity-settled
  share-based payment                     –            –               –           –              –             –                –            –        (1,512)          –       (1,512)             –       (1,512)
Recognition of equity-settled
  share-based payment (note 36)           –            –               –           –              –             –                –            –         1,291           –        1,291              –        1,291
Capital reduction of a subsidiary         –            –               –           –              –             –                –            –             –           –            –        (3,442)       (3,442)

Balance at 31 December 2023         316,200    1,173,189           (714)     15,514        (146,721)          222        176,419       (101,284)         (221)    125,883    1,558,487         2,885     1,561,372


Notes:


(a)           The revaluation reserve represents the change in fair value of equity investments classified as financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income.


(b)           The other reserve represents the remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans and the effects of changes in ownership in certain subsidiaries
              when there was no change in control.




                                                                                                                                                     A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3                          131
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                 2023        2022
                                                                      Note     US$’000     US$’000

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Loss before tax
Adjustments for:                                                               (99,904)     (59,684)
  Depreciation and amortisation                                                147,043     165,431
  Write-down of inventories                                                     22,868       27,071
  Net gain on disposal and write-off of property,
     plant and equipment                                                        (4,968)     (1,422)
  Interest expenses                                                             60,600      29,578
  Share of loss of associates                                                      344        3,085
  Share of loss of a joint venture                                              20,175        4,361
  Impairment loss under expected credit loss model, net of reversal            133,823      80,534
  Impairment loss recognised for property, plant and equipment                   4,882        3,703
  Deferred income released to income                                              (816)      (1,128)
  Interest income                                                              (52,499)    (44,111)
  Gain on disposal of investment properties                                    (78,452)      (6,235)
  Gain on disposal of assets classified as held for sale                       (23,085)           –
  Equity-settled share-based payments                                            1,291      10,200
  Write-off of trade and other payables                                         (7,675)           –
  Gain on early termination of leases                                 14             –         (267)
  Net fair value loss arising on equity instruments
     at fair value through profit or loss                                             –      1,900
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                        123,627    213,016
Decrease in inventories                                                         140,917     29,135
Decrease (increase) in trade and other receivables                              960,726      (4,573)
Decrease in trade and other payables                                         (1,214,020)     (8,577)
Increase in contract liabilities                                                 58,560    168,284
Decrease in provision                                                              (750)     (3,140)
Cash generated from operations                                                  69,060     394,145
Income taxes paid, net                                                         (12,259)     (27,027)
Interest received                                                               47,368       43,493
Payments made for share-based payments expenses                                 (1,512)       (1,197)
NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                             102,657     409,414




132    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                     Note          US$’000            US$’000

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                           (93,174)         (143,295)
Placement of bank deposits for investing purpose                                    (26,264)           (11,219)
Purchase of equity instruments at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                                              (3,228)            (4,701)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                              32,088              4,284
Proceeds from disposal of investment properties                      15              25,440              2,891
Proceeds from disposal of assets classified as held for sale          6              25,027                  –
Proceeds from disposal of equity instruments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                             24            6,334
Advance payment received from disposal of investment properties      15                    –           18,745
NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                               (40,087)         (126,961)
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Bank borrowings raised                                                            1,936,557         3,048,913
Bank borrowings repaid                                                           (1,907,903)       (3,220,650)
Interest on bank borrowings paid                                                    (56,781)           (27,085)
Payments on repurchase of ordinary shares                                            (2,908)           (10,276)
Payment on capital reduction of a subsidiary                                         (3,442)                  –
Repayments of lease liabilities                                                      (2,335)             (3,958)
Interest on lease liabilities paid                                                     (319)               (967)
NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                               (37,131)         (214,023)
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                            25,439            68,430

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR                                1,825,109         1,884,719

EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES                                               (5,225)        (128,040)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR,
 REPRESENTING BANK BALANCES AND CASH                                              1,845,323         1,825,109




                                                                            A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


1. GENERAL
      FIH Mobile Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with
      limited liability on 8 February 2000 under the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s shares
      have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”)
      since 3 February 2005. The Company’s parent company is Foxconn (Far East) Limited (incorporated in the
      Cayman Islands) and its ultimate holding company is Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. Ltd. (“Hon Hai”)
      (incorporated in Taiwan and its shares are listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation). The addresses
      of the registered office and principal place of business in Hong Kong of the Company are disclosed in the
      section headed “Corporate Information” in the annual report.

      The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged
      as a vertically integrated manufacturing services provider for handset industry worldwide. The Group provides
      a wide range of manufacturing services to its customers in connection with production of handsets. The
      principal activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in note 37.

      The consolidated financial statements are presented in United States Dollars (“US$”) which is also the
      functional currency of the Company.

2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
   REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
      New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
      In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs issued by the
      International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for
      the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2023 for the preparation of the consolidated financial
      statements:

      IFRS 17 (including the June 2020 and             Insurance Contracts
         December 2021 Amendments to IFRS 17)
      Amendments to IAS 8                              Definition of Accounting Estimates
      Amendments to IAS 12                             Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                          from a Single Transaction
      Amendments to IAS 12                             International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules
      Amendments to IAS 1 and                          Disclosure of Accounting Policies
       IFRS Practice Statement 2

      Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had
      no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or
      on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.


      2.1 Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
          arising from a Single Transaction
           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments narrow
           the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets in paragraphs
           15 and 24 of IAS 12 “Income Taxes” (“IAS 12”) so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on
           initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

           The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial position and
           performance.

134    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
   REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)
     New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     (Continued)
     2.2 Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 12 International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model
         Rules
          The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. IAS 12 is amended to add
          the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities that are
          related to tax law enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two model rules published
          by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “Pillar Two legislation”). The
          amendments require that entities apply the amendments immediately upon issuance and retrospectively.
          The amendments also require that entities to disclose separately its current tax expense/income related
          to Pillar Two income taxes in periods which the Pillar Two legislation is in effect, and the qualitative and
          quantitative information about its exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the Pillar Two
          legislation is enacted or substantially enacted but not yet in effect in annual reporting periods beginning
          on or after 1 January 2023.

          The Group is yet to apply the temporary exception during the current year because the Group’s entities
          are operating in jurisdictions which the Pillar Two legislation has not yet been enacted or substantially
          enacted. The Group will disclose known or reasonably estimable information that helps users of financial
          statements to understand the Group’s exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in the Group’s annual
          consolidated financial statements when the Pillar Two legislation is enacted or substantially enacted and
          will disclose separately current tax expense/income related to Pillar Two income taxes when it is in
          effect.

     2.3 Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of
         Accounting Policies
          The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. IAS 1 “Presentation of
          Financial Statements” is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies”
          with “material accounting policy information”. Accounting policy information is material if, when
          considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably
          be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make
          on the basis of those financial statements.

          The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature
          of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However,
          not all accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself
          material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such information
          must not obscure material accounting policy information.

          IFRS Practice Statement 2 “Making Materiality Judgements” (the “Practice Statement”) is also amended
          to illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy disclosures
          and to judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements.
          Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement.

          The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
          performance but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies.

                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
   REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)
      Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
      The Group has not early applied the following amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are not yet
      effective:

      Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                             Associate or Joint Venture1
      Amendments to IFRS 16                                Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
      Amendments to IAS 1                                  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current2
      Amendments to IAS 1                                  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
      Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                       Supplier Finance Arrangements2
      Amendments to IAS 21                                 Lack of Exchangeability3

      1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
      2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
      3
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025


      The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all amendments to IFRSs will have no material
      impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB.
            In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules
            Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
            financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period.

      3.2 Material accounting policy information
            Investments in associates and joint ventures
            The results and assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures are incorporated in these
            consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting.

            The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint
            venture may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the
            investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 “Impairment of
            Assets” (“IAS 36”) as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair
            value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to
            any assets, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of
            that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount
            of the investment subsequently increases.

            Revenue from contracts with customers
            The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
            the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.
            The revenue of the Group is recognised at a point in time. Under the transfer-of-control approach in
            IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”, revenue from manufacturing services (including
            sales of goods and processing service) to the Group’s customers in connection with the production of
            handsets are recognised when the goods are passed to the customers, which is the point of time when
            the customer has the ability to direct the use of the goods and obtain substantially all of the remaining
            benefits of the goods.


136       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
          Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)
          For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations (including sales of goods and
          processing service), the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a
          relative stand-alone selling price basis.

          The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is
          determined at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised good
          or service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group
          estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any
          performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled
          in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

          Principal versus agent
          When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
          whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services
          itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other
          party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

          The Group is a principal as it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
          transferred to a customer.

          Financial instruments
          Financial assets
          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
          Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

          •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
                flows; and

          •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

          All other financial assets of the Group are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss
          (“FVTPL”), except that at initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to
          present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income
          (“OCI”) if that equity investment is not held for trading.

          A financial asset is held-for-trading if:

          •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

          •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

          •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.


                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Financial instruments (Continued)
          Financial assets (Continued)
          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
          (i)    Amortised cost and interest income
                 Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                 subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate
                 to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently
                 become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
                 impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost
                 of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired
                 financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest
                 income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the
                 financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the
                 asset is no longer credit-impaired.

          (ii)   Equity instruments designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)
                 Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction
                 costs. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in
                 fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated in the revaluation reserve; and are not subject to
                 impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on
                 disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

                 Dividends on these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the
                 Group’s right to receive the dividends is established in accordance with IFRS 9 “Financial
                 Instruments” (“IFRS 9”), unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
                 investment. Dividends are included in the “other income, gains and losses” line item in profit or
                 loss.

          Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
          The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial
          assets (including trade receivables, other receivables, bank deposits and bank balances) which are
          subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to
          reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

          Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
          relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
          expected to result from default events that are possible within twelve months after the reporting date.

          Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that
          are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current
          conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.


138    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Financial instruments (Continued)
          Financial assets (Continued)
          Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
          The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables.

          For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there
          has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL.
          The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the
          likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

          (i)   Significant increase in credit risk
                In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
                the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In
                making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that
                is available without undue cost or effort.

                In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
                has increased significantly:

                •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                      available) or internal credit rating;

                •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase
                      in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                      expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

                •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                      technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s
                      ability to meet its debt obligations.

                Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
                increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past
                due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

                The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has
                been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria
                are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Financial instruments (Continued)
          Financial assets (Continued)
          Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
          (ii)    Definition of default
                  For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                  information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                  unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking account any collaterals
                  held by the Group).

                  Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is
                  more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
                  demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

          (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
                  A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
                  the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
                  asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                  (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                  (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                  (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                        financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would
                        not otherwise consider; or

                  (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                        reorganisation.

          (iv)    Write-off policy
                  The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is
                  in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                  counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.
                  Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
                  recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a
                  derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




140    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Financial instruments (Continued)
          Financial assets (Continued)
          Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
          (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL
                The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking
                information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
                determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. Except for credit-impaired
                debtors and debtors with increasing credit risk which are assessed individually, the Group uses a
                practical expedient in estimating ECL on remaining debtors using a provision matrix taking into
                consideration historical credit loss experience, and forward looking information that is available
                without undue cost or effort.

                Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group
                in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted
                at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

          Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
          financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of
          the financial asset.

          The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
          adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables, where the corresponding
          adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

          Financial liabilities and equity
          Classification as debt or equity
          Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
          the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
          instrument.

          Equity instruments
          An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
          deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds
          received, net of direct issue costs.

          Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No
          gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s
          own equity instruments.

          Financial liabilities at amortised cost
          Financial liabilities including borrowings, trade and other payables are subsequently measured at
          amortised cost, using the effective interest method.


                                                                               A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
   UNCERTAINTY
      In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the directors of the Company are required to make
      judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
      readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
      experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
      estimates.

      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
      estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
      or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

      Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
      The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the
      directors of the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that
      have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

      Timing of revenue recognition
      In determining the timing of revenue recognised for manufactured goods, the directors of the Company have
      considered the Group has no enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date based on its
      legal advisor’s opinion. In cases where the Group’s right has changed, the timing of recognition of such
      revenue may vary.

      Significant influence over interest in an associate
      Although the Group has less than 20% equity interests in Diabell Co., Ltd. (“Diabell”), the management
      considers the Group has significant influence over Diabell by virtue of its right to appoint one out of five
      directors to the board of directors of Diabell (see note 17).

      Key sources of estimation uncertainty
      The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
      at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
      amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

      Fair value measurement of unlisted equity investment in relation to HMD Global Oy (“HMD”) and
      ECL on trade receivables due from HMD
      In determining the fair values of unlisted equity investment in relation to HMD, the Group engaged
      independent professional valuers to perform valuation of the investment using option-pricing method to
      allocate equity value of HMD derived from the cash flow projection based on financial budgets and business
      plan approved by HMD management for the estimated future cash flow discounted to its present value,
      which requires the use of key assumptions, including the discount rate, terminal growth rate, budgeted sales
      and gross margin and taking into account relevant industry growth and market development forecasts where
      applicable. Any changes in the key assumptions may affect the amount of fair value. As at 31 December
      2023, the fair value of unlisted equity investment in relation to HMD was US$25,700,000 (2022:
      US$103,900,000) and fair value loss of US$78,200,000 (2022: US$80,748,000) was recognised in other
      comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2023, details of which are disclosed in note 16.

142    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
   UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Fair value measurement of unlisted equity investment in relation to HMD Global Oy (“HMD”) and
     ECL on trade receivables due from HMD (Continued)
     As at 31 December 2023, the management has considered that due to the continued deterioration of HMD’s
     financial performance, there was a significant increase in credit risk in the trade receivables due from HMD.
     The Group engaged an independent profession valuer to assist in the estimation of the ECL provision on the
     trade receivables due from HMD by determining an appropriate expected probability of default rate, the
     estimated loss given default rate and forward looking adjustments.

     As at 31 December 2023, the gross carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables due from HMD was
     US$215,296,000 (2022: US$226,428,000). Based on management’s assessment, the Group has recognised
     impairment loss under expected credit loss model of US$137,758,000 (2022: US$77,465,000) for the year
     ended 31 December 2023, details of which are disclosed in note 32.

     Estimated allowance for inventories
     The Group’s management reviews the future sales plan and the inventory aging list to identify slow-moving
     and obsolete inventories that are no longer suitable for use in operation and then estimates the net realisable
     value based on the estimated selling prices and market condition to the extent that such condition exists at
     the end of reporting period, less the estimated cost of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.
     Where the net realisable value is less than the carrying amount, write-down on inventories will be made. As
     at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of inventories is approximately US$591,557,000 (2022:
     US$731,898,000) and write-down on inventories of US$22,868,000 (2022: US$27,071,000) has recognised
     for the year ended 31 December 2023.

     Income taxes
     As at 31 December 2023, a deferred tax asset of US$4,892,000 (2022: Nil) in relation to unused tax losses of
     US$19,437,000 (2022: Nil) has been recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.
     No deferred tax asset has been recognised on the tax losses of US$2,027,679,000 (2022: US$2,079,531,000)
     either due to the unpredictability of future profit streams or because it is not probable that unused tax losses
     will be available for utilisation before their expiry. The realisability of the deferred tax asset mainly depends on
     whether sufficient future taxable profits or taxable temporary differences will be available in the future.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, no deferred tax has been provided for the undistributed profits of
     US$917,198,000 (2022: US$849,315,000) in subsidiaries in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) as the
     Group is in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that
     such differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

     Deferred tax assets were recognised for other deductible temporary differences of approximately
     US$60,322,000 (2022: US$37,738,000) on allowances for inventories and trade and other receivables,
     warranty provision, accelerated accounting depreciation and other accrued expenses. At 31 December 2023,
     the Group has not recognised deductible temporary differences on allowances for inventories and trade and
     other receivables, warranty provision, deferred income and other accrued expenses of approximately
     US$325,885,000 (2022: US$187,610,000) as it is not probable that taxable profit will be available against
     which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
   UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
      Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
      Income taxes (Continued)
      In cases where the actual future taxable profits generated are less or more than expected, or change in facts
      and circumstances which result in the Group being unable to control the timing of the reversal of the
      temporary difference, a material reversal or further recognition of deferred tax assets or liabilities may arise,
      which would be recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such a reversal or recognition takes place.

      Estimated impairment of property, plant and equipment
      Property, plant and equipment are stated at costs less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. In
      determining whether an asset is impaired, the management has to exercise judgement and make estimation,
      particularly in assessing: (i) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset
      recoverable amount; (ii) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount.
      The recoverable amounts, being the fair value less costs of disposal, of the relevant assets have been
      estimated individually by the Group’s management. In estimating the fair value of these assets, the
      management uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available,
      the management engages third party qualified valuers to perform the valuation. The management will first
      consider and adopt Level 2 inputs where inputs can be observable, other than quoted prices in the active
      market. When Level 2 inputs are not available, the Group will adopt valuation techniques that include Level 3
      inputs. As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment were
      US$639,374,000 (2022: US$728,302,000). Impairment losses of US$4,882,000 (2022: US$3,703,000) was
      recognised in profit or loss during the year. Details of the impairment of property, plant and equipment are
      disclosed in note 13.

5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      The management determines its operating segments based on internal reports reviewed by the chief
      operating decision maker, the Chief Executive Officer, for the purpose of allocating resources to the segment
      and to assess its performance.

      The Group’s operations are organised into three operating segments based on the location of customers —
      Asia, Europe and America.

      Segment revenue and results
      The Group’s revenue is from contracts with customers and mainly arising from the manufacturing services
      (including sales of goods and processing service) amounting to US$6,445,798,000 (2022: US$9,394,319,000)
      to its customers in connection with the production of handsets.

      The Group applies the practical expedient that information regarding the transaction prices allocated to the
      remaining performance obligation for contracts with customer is not disclosed as the original expected
      duration of the contracts are less than one year.




144    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Segment revenue and results (Continued)
     As at 1 January 2022, contract liabilities amounted to US$105,207,000. All the contract liabilities at the
     beginning of the reporting period were included in the revenue recognised in the reporting period.

     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segments:

                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                      US$’000           US$’000

     Segment revenue (external sales)
       Asia                                                                         3,798,328         5,797,599
       Europe                                                                       1,050,945         1,152,224
       America                                                                      1,596,525         2,444,496
     Total                                                                          6,445,798         9,394,319
     Segment profit (loss)
       Asia                                                                            70,072           108,217
       Europe                                                                        (127,511)          (51,242)
       America                                                                         47,890            70,817
                                                                                       (9,549)          127,792
     Other income, gains and losses                                                   209,668           107,347
     Impairment loss recognised for property, plant and equipment                      (4,882)             (3,703)
     General and administrative expenses                                             (156,914)         (179,644)
     Research and development expenses                                                (57,108)           (74,452)
     Interest expenses                                                                (60,600)           (29,578)
     Share of loss of associates                                                         (344)             (3,085)
     Share of loss of a joint venture                                                 (20,175)             (4,361)
     Loss before tax                                                                   (99,904)          (59,684)


     Segment profit (loss) represents the gross profit earned (loss incurred) by each segment and the service
     income and certain gains and losses (included in other income, gains and losses) after deducting all selling
     expenses and impairment loss under expected credit loss model, net of reversal. This is the measure reported
     to the Chief Executive Officer for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.




                                                                              A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Segment assets and liabilities
      The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by operating segments:

                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000

      Segment assets

       Allocated
        Asia                                                                              585,995         1,396,586
        Europe                                                                             72,710            97,812
        America                                                                           300,558           392,846
        Total                                                                             959,263         1,887,244
        Unallocated
         Property, plant and equipment                                                    620,132           710,449
        Inventories                                                                       577,136           711,938
         Cash and bank deposits                                                         1,706,572         1,660,599
        Others                                                                            326,229           315,357
      Corporate assets                                                                    130,104           224,703
      Consolidated total assets                                                         4,319,436         5,510,290
      Segment liabilities

       Allocated
        Asia                                                                               22,885            26,789
        Europe                                                                             17,530            17,737
        America                                                                           311,082           263,099
        Total                                                                             351,497           307,625
        Unallocated
         Trade and other payables                                                       1,619,520         2,670,446
        Others                                                                             11,098            11,827
      Corporate liabilities                                                               775,949           732,616
      Consolidated total liabilities                                                    2,758,064         3,722,514


      For the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources among segments, trade
      receivables from Asia operations are allocated to Asia, Europe and America segments based on customers’
      locations, while certain property, plant and equipment, inventories, trade and other receivables and cash and
      cash equivalents relating to Europe and America operations are allocated to Europe and America segments.
      Segment liabilities represent certain trade and other payables, contract liabilities and provision were allocated
      to Asia, Europe and America segments.




146    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
     Other information


                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                         Asia     Europe      America     Unallocated     Consolidated
                                                      US$’000    US$’000      US$’000        US$’000          US$’000

     Amounts included in the measurement of
      segment profit or loss or segment
      assets and liabilities:

       Capital additions                                    –         –          2,874           90,300        93,174
       Depreciation and amortisation*                 109,779       373          2,860           34,031       147,043
       Net (loss) gain on disposal and write-off of
        property, plant and equipment                       –          –            (1)           4,969          4,968
       Gain on disposal of investment properties            –          –             –           78,452         78,452
       Gain on disposal of assets classified as
        held for sale                                       –      8,746             –           14,339         23,085
       Impairment loss recognised for property,
        plant and equipment                                 –          –             –            4,882          4,882
       Impairment loss under expected credit
        loss model, net of reversal                    (4,105)   137,305          623                 –       133,823
       Provision for warranty                           1,661          –            –                 –         1,661

     Amounts regularly provided to the chief
      operating decision maker but not included in
      the measurement of segment profit or loss:

      Write-down of inventories to net
       realisable value                                21,221          –         1,647                –         22,868




                                                                               A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3       147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
      Other information (Continued)


                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                      Asia            Europe            America         Unallocated      Consolidated
                                                                  US$’000            US$’000            US$’000           US$’000           US$’000

      Amounts included in the measurement of
       segment profit or loss or segment
       assets and liabilities:

        Capital additions                                               –                   –              5,669           137,626             143,295
        Depreciation and amortisation*                            133,203                 611              1,232            30,385             165,431
        Net gain on disposal and write-off of
         property, plant and equipment                                    –                   –                  –             1,422              1,422
        Gain on disposal of investment properties                         –                   –                  –             6,235              6,235
        Impairment loss recognised for property,
         plant and equipment                                              –                   –                  –             3,703              3,703
        Impairment loss under expected credit
         loss model, net of reversal                                 6,008             74,312                 214                   –           80,534
        Provision for warranty                                       7,575                  –                 186                   –            7,761

      Amounts regularly provided to the chief
       operating decision maker but not
       included in the measurement of
       segment profit or loss:

        Net fair value loss arising on equity
         instruments at FVTPL                                             –                   –                  –             1,900              1,900
        Write-down of inventories to net
        realisable value                                           24,998                     –            2,073                    –           27,071

      *     Substantially all depreciation and amortisation included in segment profit are expensed through cost of sales while the related property, plant
            and equipment are excluded from segment assets.




148       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Geographical information
     Majority of the Group’s segment revenue based on location of customers are attributed to the PRC included
     in Asia.

     The Group’s operations are located in the PRC, Republic of India (“India”), United Mexican States (“Mexico”),
     Socialist Republic of Vietnam (“Vietnam”), the United States of America (“USA”) and other countries.

     Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers and its non-current assets, both presented
     based on the Group’s geographical location of operations are as follows:

                                                                     Revenue from                             Non-current
                                                                   external customers                             assets
                                                                      2023            2022                    2023          2022
                                                                   US$’000        US$’000                   US$’000       US$’000

     PRC                                                         5,132,104              7,493,354            465,533             600,953
     India                                                       1,263,777              1,854,244            100,845              96,367
     Mexico                                                         48,200                 46,721             18,882              15,949
     Vietnam                                                         1,717                      –            115,925              86,780
     USA                                                                 –                      –                360                 955
     Other countries                                                     –                      –             43,535              64,187
                                                                 6,445,798              9,394,319            745,080             865,191

     Note: Non-current assets excluded financial instruments and deferred tax assets.



     Information about major customers
     Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total sales of the Group
     are as follows:

                                                                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                                                            US$’000              US$’000

     Customer A1                                                                                           2,940,210           3,427,153
     Customer B1 & 2                                                                                       1,034,685           1,972,894
     Customer C1                                                                                             848,008           1,844,388

     1
            Revenue arising from provision of manufacturing services mainly to customers located in Asia and Europe and in connection with the
            production of handsets.

     2
            The customer represented Hon Hai and its subsidiaries other than the members of the Group.




                                                                                                     A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3       149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


6. OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                                                          2023                     2022
                                                                                                                        US$’000                  US$’000

      An analysis of the Group’s other income, gains and losses is as follows:

      Interest income from bank deposits and bank balances                                                                52,499                   44,111
      Service income                                                                                                      11,099                   25,283
      Sales of materials and scraps                                                                                       12,161                    2,170
      Repairs and modifications of mouldings                                                                              13,850                    8,751
      Net foreign exchange gain                                                                                            5,497                   13,205
      Government subsidies (note a)                                                                                       24,018                   28,362
      Rental income                                                                                                        9,493                    5,885
      Net gain on disposal and write-off of property, plant and equipment                                                  4,968                    1,422
      Gain on disposal of investment properties (note 15)                                                                 78,452                    6,235
      Gain on disposal of assets classified as held for sale (note b)                                                     23,085                        –
      Compensation loss to lessees (note 15)                                                                             (12,787)                       –
      Write-off of trade and other payables                                                                                7,675                        –
      Net fair value loss on financial assets at FVTPL
         — equity instruments                                                                                                    –                  (1,900)
      Others                                                                                                                  (498)                   (894)
                                                                                                                         229,512                 132,630

      Notes:


      (a)      This mainly represented subsidies granted for the Group’s operations in the PRC. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group
               recognised government grants of US$157,000 (2023: Nil) in respect of COVID-19-related subsidies, of which are mainly employment support
               scheme provided by local government.


      (b)      According to an arbitral award issued by the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission on 6 June 2023, the Group has
               disposed of certain property, plant and equipment in Beijing, the PRC, at a consideration of RMB106,918,900 (equivalent to approximately
               US$15,100,000) to 北京亦莊城市更新有限公司 (Beijing E-Town Urban Renewal Co., Ltd. for identification purposes only) which is a party
               independent of the Group. As at 30 June 2023, the directors of the Company considered that the held-for-sale criteria as set out in IFRS 5
               “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” (“IFRS 5”) were met, by taking into account the fact that the subject assets
               were immediately available for sale, and the sale was to be highly probable as appropriate level of management had committed to a plan to
               sell the assets. Accordingly, the respective assets were classified as assets held for sale as at 30 June 2023. The disposal was completed on 26
               September 2023 in which the carrying amount of the property, plant and equipment at date of disposal was US$761,000 and the Group has
               recognised a gain on disposal of assets classified as held for sale of US$14,339,000 in the current year. The details of the transaction are set
               out in the Company’s announcement dated 7 June 2023.


               On 7 July 2023, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with a subsidiary of 鴻海精密工業股份有限公司 (Hon Hai Precision
               Industry Co. Ltd. for identification purposes only) (“Hon Hai”), the ultimate holding company of the Company, to dispose of certain property,
               plant and equipment and investment properties in Hungary at a consideration of US$9,927,000. As at 30 June 2023, the directors of the
               Company considered that the held-for-sale criteria as set out in IFRS 5 were met, by taking into account the fact that the subject assets were
               immediately available for sale, and the sale was to be highly probable as appropriate level of management had committed to a plan to sell
               the assets. Accordingly, the respective assets were classified as assets held for sale as at 30 June 2023. The disposal was completed on 7 July
               2023 in which the carrying amounts of the property, plant and equipment as well as investment properties at date of disposal were
               US$1,060,000 and US$121,000 respectively and the Group has recognised a gain on disposal of assets classified as held for sale of
               US$8,746,000 in the current year. The details of the transaction are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 7 July 2023.




150     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


7. LOSS BEFORE TAX

                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                               US$’000            US$’000

     Loss before tax for the year has been arrived at after charging:

     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                              142,787           159,567
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                          3,331             3,534
     Depreciation of investment properties                                          925             2,330
     Total depreciation and amortisation                                        147,043           165,431
     Less: Amount capitalised in inventories                                   (117,195)         (135,046)
           Amount included in research and development expenses                  (3,959)            (5,474)
                                                                                 25,889            24,911
     Interest on:
        Bank borrowings                                                          60,281            28,611
        Lease liabilities                                                           319               967
                                                                                 60,600            29,578
     Staff costs
       Directors’ emoluments (note 8)                                             2,523             2,406
       Retirement benefit scheme contributions (excluding directors)             11,856            16,918
       Other staff costs                                                        255,901           351,932
     Total staff costs                                                          270,280           371,256
     Less: Amount capitalised in inventories                                   (169,211)         (247,170)
           Amount included in research and development expenses                 (18,189)           (28,521)
                                                                                 82,880            95,565
     Auditor’s remuneration                                                         663             1,073
     Cost of inventories recognised as expense                                6,311,453         9,167,531
     Provision for warranty                                                       1,661             7,761
     Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                           22,868            27,071




                                                                        A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
      The emoluments paid or payable to each of the directors and the chief executive of the Company were as
      follows:

                                                                   Other emoluments
                                                                      Performance-       Retirement
                                                           Basic           based or          benefit
                                                    salaries and      discretionary          scheme
       2023                                Fees      allowances              bonus     contributions     Total
                                        US$’000          US$’000           US$’000          US$’000    US$’000
                                                                              (note)

       Chih Yu Yang (also acting
          as the chief executive)             –             227                 739               –       966
       Kuo Wen-Yi                             –             393                 191              20       604
       Lin Chia-Yi (also know as
          Charles Lin) (appointed on
          10 March 2023)                      –             113                 514               3       630
       Meng Hsiao-Yi
          (resigned on 10 March 2023)         –              24                 155               –       179
       Chang Chuan-Wang
          (appointed on 29 June 2023)        12               –                   –               –        12
       Lau Siu Ki                            40              12                   –               –        52
       Chen Shu Chuan
          (also known as Nadia Chen)
          (appointed on 19 May 2023)         25               –                   –               –        25
       Chiu Yen-Tsen (also known as
          Chiu Yen-Chen, Dennis)
          (appointed on 29 June 2023)        20               –                   –               –        20
       Daniel Joseph Mehan
          (resigned on 29 June 2023)         20               –                   –               –        20
       Tao Yun Chih
          (retired on 19 May 2023)           15               –                   –               –        15
                                            132             769               1,599              23      2,523




152    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

                                                                                      Other emoluments
                                                                                          Performance-           Retirement
                                                                              Basic            based or               benefit
                                                                       salaries and        discretionary             scheme
      2022                                              Fees            allowances                bonus        contributions                Total
                                                     US$’000               US$’000             US$’000             US$’000               US$’000
                                                                                                  (note)

      Chih Yu Yang (also acting
        as the chief executive)                              –                 236                  914                    –                1,150
      Kuo Wen-Yi                                             –                 393                  240                    –                  633
      Meng Hsiao-Yi (resigned on
        10 March 2023)                                      –                  161                  330                    –                  491
      Lau Siu Ki                                           40                   12                    –                    –                   52
      Daniel Joseph Mehan (resigned on
        29 June 2023)                                      40                     –                    –                   –                   40
      Tao Yun Chih (retired on
        19 May 2023)                                       40                     –                    –                   –                   40
                                                          120                  802                1,484                    –                2,406

     Note: The performance-based or discretionary bonus, including share-based payments, is determined by reference to the individual performance of
             the directors and approved by the remuneration committee of the Company.



     The chief executive of the Company is also a director and therefore the emoluments of the chief executive
     have been included in the amount disclosed above. The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were
     for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The
     independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
     Company.

     Neither the chief executive nor any of the directors waived any emoluments. Neither any of the directors nor
     the five highest paid individuals (note 9) were paid as compensation for loss of office and as incentive to join
     or upon joining the Group during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.




                                                                                                     A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3             153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


9. EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
      The aggregate emoluments of the five highest paid individuals included two (2022: three) executive directors
      of the Company, whose emoluments are included in note 8 above. The emoluments of the remaining three
      individuals (2022: two individuals) were as follows, in which one of the individuals was appointed as director
      during the year. Both of the director’s emolument and employee’s emolument of that individual were
      included below.

                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                        US$’000          US$’000

      Salaries, housing allowances and other benefits                                        492              250
      Retirement benefits                                                                     13                7
      Performance-related incentive payments                                                 753              557
                                                                                           1,258              814


      Their emoluments were within the following bands:

                                                                                      Number of employees
                                                                                         2023           2022

      HK$2,000,000 to HK$2,500,000                                                             2                 –
      HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                             –                 1
      HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                             –                 1
      HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                             1                 –
                                                                                               3                 2




154    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                              US$’000               US$’000

     Current tax
     — Hong Kong                                                                                    –                     –
     — Other jurisdictions                                                                     17,484                10,140
                                                                                               17,484                10,140
     Overprovision in prior years
       — Hong Kong                                                                                    –                   –
       — Other jurisdictions                                                                          –              (1,640)
                                                                                                      –              (1,640)
                                                                                               17,484                 8,500
     Deferred tax (note 19)
       — Current year                                                                            3,385                3,951
                                                                                               20,869                12,451


     No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made as the Group does not have assessable profits in Hong
     Kong.

     Tax charge mainly consists of income tax in the PRC attributable to the assessable profits of the Company’s
     subsidiaries established in the PRC. Under the law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and
     Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% (2022: 25%). One of
     the Company’s PRC subsidiaries was awarded with the Advanced — Technology Enterprise Certificate and
     entitled for a tax reduction from 25% to 15% for a period of three years, i.e. effective from 2022. Besides,
     another one of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries was entitled to a concessionary tax rate of 15% under the
     China’s “Great Western Expansion” campaign. Except these subsidiaries, other PRC subsidiaries are subject to
     Enterprise Income Tax at 25% (2022: 25%).

     Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.

     According to a joint circular of the Ministry of Finance and State Administration of Taxation in the PRC, Cai
     Shui 2010 No.1, only the profits earned by foreign-investment enterprise prior to 1 January 2008, when
     distributed to foreign investors, can be grandfathered and exempted from withholding tax. Whereas, dividend
     distributed out of the profits generated thereafter shall be subject to the Enterprise Income Tax at 5% or 10%
     and withheld by the PRC entities, pursuant to Articles 3 and 27 of the EIT Law and Article 91 of its Detailed
     Implementation Rules.




                                                                                     A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3       155
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
      The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the loss before tax as per the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                                            2023                  2022
                                                                                                          US$’000               US$’000

      Loss before tax                                                                                      (99,904)              (59,684)
      Income tax credit at the PRC income tax rate of 25%
         (2022: 25%) for the year (note)                                                                   (24,976)              (14,921)
      Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                                                           (618)                1,055
      Effect of income taxed at concessionary tax rates                                                        210                   213
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                                  1,423                11,452
      Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                                      (5,034)              (17,176)
      Tax effect of tax losses/deductible temporary differences not recognised                              44,734                31,607
      Tax effect of share of loss of associates                                                                 86                   771
      Tax effect of share of loss of a joint venture                                                         5,044                 1,090
      Overprovision in prior years                                                                               –                (1,640)
      Income tax expense for the year                                                                       20,869                12,451

      Note: The domestic income tax rate of 25% (2022: 25%) represents the PRC Enterprise Income Tax rate on which the Group’s operations are
            substantially based.


11. DIVIDENDS
      No dividend was paid, declared or proposed for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, nor has any
      dividend been proposed since the end of the reporting period.

12. LOSS PER SHARE
      The calculation of the loss per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the following
      data:

                                                                                                            2023                  2022
                                                                                                          US$’000               US$’000

      Loss attributable to the owners of the Company

      Loss for the purposes of basic and diluted loss per share                                           (120,680)              (72,107)


                                                                                                               2023                 2022

      Number of shares

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic
       and diluted loss (2022: basic and diluted loss) per share                                   7,914,531,751        7,961,423,605


      The calculation of diluted loss per share for both current and prior years does not assume the anti-dilutive
      impact from the share options issued by its subsidiary as detailed in note 36(b) and the potential ordinary
      shares as detailed in note 36(c).


156     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                  Fixtures
                                                    Land and      Plant and           and      Construction
                                                    buildings     machinery     equipment       in progress        Total
                                                     US$’000        US$’000       US$’000           US$’000      US$’000

     COST
     At 1 January 2022                               814,272      1,027,090       122,274              7,575    1,971,211
     Exchange adjustments                             (56,544)     (101,553)        (6,899)           (1,208)    (166,204)
     Additions                                           7,328      107,864          4,090           24,013       143,295
     Disposals and write-off                            (8,029)      (56,224)       (4,823)                –       (69,076)
     Transfers from right-of-use assets                      –           376             –                 –           376
     Transfers                                           2,095         8,402           560          (11,057)             –
     At 31 December 2022                             759,122        985,955       115,202            19,323     1,879,602
     Exchange adjustments                              (6,786)       (12,700)         (200)            (210)       (19,896)
     Additions                                          8,437         37,033         3,849           43,855         93,174
     Disposals and write-off                           (8,422)     (156,494)        (8,744)               –      (173,660)
     Transfer to assets held for sale (note 6)       (22,186)           (976)         (196)               –        (23,358)
     Transfers                                          4,243         25,815         1,358          (31,416)             –
     At 31 December 2023                             734,408        878,633       111,269           31,552      1,755,862
     DEPRECIATION AND IMPAIRMENT
     At 1 January 2022                               457,220        613,393         86,940                 –    1,157,553
     Exchange adjustments                             (33,703)       (61,774)        (8,124)               –     (103,601)
     Charge for the year                               39,660       112,950           6,957                –      159,567
     Eliminated on disposals and write-off            (15,418)       (46,312)        (4,484)               –       (66,214)
     Transfers from right-of-use assets                     –            292              –                –           292
     Impairment loss recognised in profit or loss       1,071          2,632              –                –         3,703
     At 31 December 2022                             448,830        621,181         81,289                 –    1,151,300
     Exchange adjustments                              (5,443)        (7,676)          (225)               –       (13,344)
     Charge for the year                               36,789       100,200           5,798                –      142,787
     Eliminated on disposals and write-off              (8,292)    (130,889)         (8,419)               –     (147,600)
     Transfer to assets held for sale (note 6)        (20,369)          (976)          (192)               –       (21,537)
     Impairment loss recognised in profit or loss            –         4,882              –                –         4,882
     At 31 December 2023                             451,515        586,722         78,251                 –    1,116,488
     CARRYING VALUES
     At 31 December 2023                             282,893        291,911         33,018          31,552       639,374
     At 31 December 2022                             310,292        364,774         33,913          19,323       728,302


     Included in the land and buildings are freehold land, located in Mexico and India (2022: Hungary, Mexico and
     India), having an aggregate cost of approximately US$8,170,000 (2022: US$9,126,000). All buildings of the
     Group are situated outside Hong Kong.




                                                                                    A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3       157
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      The Group’s property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and
      accumulated impairment losses, if any. The above items of property, plant and equipment (other than
      freehold land and construction in progress) are depreciated using the straight-line method, after taking into
      account their estimated residual values, over the following periods:

      Land and buildings                  Shorter of 20–40 years and the lease terms
      Plant and machinery                 5–10 years
      Fixtures and equipment              3–5 years

      At 31 December 2023, the directors of the Company appointed independent professional appraisers to
      perform appraisals on the Group’s property, plant and equipment with impairment indicators, such as
      changing market environment which result in revenue decrease and assets being idle during the year and
      determined that a number of those assets were impaired. As a result, impairment losses of US$4,882,000
      (2022: US$3,703,000) has been recognised in profit or loss in respect of plant and machinery (2022: land and
      buildings and plant and machinery) for the year.

14. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                          Leasehold       Land and      Plant and      Fixtures and
                                               land       buildings     machinery        equipment         Total
                                            US$’000        US$’000        US$’000           US$’000      US$’000

      As at 31 December 2023
      Carrying amount                         35,267          3,752              –               –         39,019
      As at 31 December 2022
      Carrying amount                         36,604          3,461            133               –         40,198
      For the year ended
        31 December 2023
      Depreciation charge                        935          2,265            131               –          3,331
      For the year ended
        31 December 2022
      Depreciation charge                      1,001          2,039            443              51          3,534




158    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


14. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)

                                                                                    Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                   31 December        31 December
                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                       US$’000            US$’000

     Expense relating to short-term leases                                                 23,199            33,505

     Total cash outflow for leases                                                         25,853            38,430

     Additions to right-of-use assets                                                       2,628                1,365


     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

     During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group obtained ownership of certain leased assets with an
     aggregate carrying amount of US$84,000 (2023: Nil) at the end of the lease terms, which were subsequently
     classified as property, plant and equipment.

     For both years, the Group leases leasehold land and buildings, plant and machinery and fixtures and
     equipment for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of one to three years without
     extension and termination option. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range
     of different terms and conditions. Lease assets may not be used as security for borrowing purpose.

     In addition, the Group owns several industrial buildings where its manufacturing facilities are primarily located
     and office buildings. The Group is the registered owner of these property interests, including the underlying
     leasehold lands. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these property interests. The leasehold
     land components of these owned properties are presented separately only if the payments made can be
     allocated reliably.

     During the year, the Group entered into several (2022: one) new lease agreements for the use of leased
     properties, machinery and office equipment for two to four years (2022: three years). On the lease
     commencement, the Company recognised US$2,628,000 (2022: US$1,365,000) of right-of-use assets and
     US$2,628,000 (2022: US$1,365,000) of lease liabilities.

     During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group early terminated lease agreements with remaining
     lease term of one to two years and derecognised right-of-use assets of US$13,986,000 and lease liabilities of
     US$14,253,000 resulting in a gain on early termination of leases of US$267,000.

     The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for certain premises, motor vehicles and office equipment.
     As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term
     leases to which the short-term lease expense incurred during the year.




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      159
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
      Investment properties are stated at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and any accumulated
      impairment.

      The Group leases out buildings under operating leases with fixed rentals payable monthly. The leases typically
      run for an initial period of one to two years (2022: one to two years), with unilateral rights to extend the lease
      beyond initial period held by lessees only.

      As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, certain investment properties are leased to the related parties of the
      Group but the Group had not contracted with the related parties for any future minimum lease payments.

      The Group is not exposed to foreign currency risk as a result of the lease arrangements, as all leases are
      denominated in the respective functional currencies of group entities. The lease contracts do not contain
      residual value guarantee and/or lessee’s option to purchase the property at the end of lease term.

                                                                                                             US$’000

      COST
      At 1 January 2022                                                                                        80,858
      Exchange adjustment                                                                                      (9,289)
      Disposal (note)                                                                                          (1,598)
      At 31 December 2022                                                                                      69,971
      Exchange adjustment                                                                                       2,955
      Disposal (note)                                                                                         (39,311)
      Transfer to assets held for sale (note 6)                                                               (32,502)
      At 31 December 2023                                                                                       1,113
      DEPRECIATION
      At 1 January 2022                                                                                        66,203
      Exchange adjustment                                                                                      (8,144)
      Provided for the year                                                                                     2,330
      Eliminated on disposal (note)                                                                              (607)
      At 31 December 2022                                                                                      59,782
      Exchange adjustment                                                                                       2,883
      Provided for the year                                                                                       925
      Eliminated on disposal (note)                                                                           (30,502)
      Transfer to assets held for sale (note 6)                                                               (32,381)
      At 31 December 2023                                                                                         707
      CARRYING VALUES
      At 31 December 2023                                                                                         406
      At 31 December 2022                                                                                      10,189




160    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
     Note: On 2 November 2022, the Group entered into compensation agreements (the “Agreements”) with government authority in Hangzhou,
           Zhejiang Province, the PRC (the “Purchaser”). Pursuant to the Agreements, the Purchaser shall resume the ownership of two properties, 中國
           浙江省杭州經濟技術開發區11號大街58號、58-2號及58-3號 (Nos. 58, 58-2 and 58-3, 11th Avenue, Hangzhou Economic and Technological
           Development Zone, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, the PRC) (“Property A”) and 中國浙江省杭州經濟技術開發區 M14-11-10 (M14-11-10,
           Hangzhou Economic and Technological Development Zone, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, the PRC) (“Property B”) at a cash compensation of
           RMB607,669,300 (equivalent to approximately US$87,261,000) and RMB48,728,111 (equivalent to approximately US$7,227,000)
           respectively, details of which are set out in the Company’s discloseable transaction announcement dated 2 November 2022.


           On 15 December 2022, the Group’s land use right and the relevant certificates have been cancelled and the Purchaser has resumed the
           ownership of Property B. Part of the compensation amounting to RMB19,491,244 (equivalent to approximately US$2,891,000) has been
           received by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 and the remaining balance of RMB29,236,867 (equivalent to approximately
           US$4,336,000) was included in “trade and other receivables” as at 31 December 2022 which was subsequently received by the Group in the
           current year.


           During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has received an advance of RMB121,533,860 (equivalent to approximately
           US$18,745,000) from the Purchaser in respect of Property A, which was included in “trade and other payables” as at 31 December 2022. On
           6 April 2023, the Group’s land use right, property ownership and the relevant certificates have been cancelled and the Purchaser has resumed
           the ownership of Property A. The carrying amount of investment property at date of disposal is US$8,809,000. During the current year, the
           Group has made provision for compensation to the lessees of Property A of RMB90,630,000 (equivalent to approximately US$12,787,000),
           which is included in “other income, gains and losses”, in which the compensation to lessees shall be settled out of the compensation for
           disposal of Property A. The Group has further received part of the compensation of RMB150,285,790 (equivalent to approximately
           US$21,104,000) during the current year. The remaining balance is RMB245,219,650 (equivalent to approximately US$34,625,000) which
           was included in “other receivables” under non-current assets as at 31 December 2023. Accordingly, the Group has recognised a gain on
           disposal of investment property of US$78,452,000 during the current year, which is included in “other income, gains and losses”.



     The fair value of the Group’s investment properties at 31 December 2023 was US$4,318,000 (2022:
     US$99,406,000). The fair value has been arrived at based on a valuation carried out by independent valuers
     not connected with the Group. The fair value was determined by reference to recent market prices for similar
     properties in the same locations and conditions. In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and
     best use of the properties is their current use.

     The above investment properties are depreciated using the straight-line method, after taking into account
     their estimated residual value, over 20 years.




                                                                                                       A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3              161
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


16. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

                                                                                                                         2023                    2022
                                                                                                                       US$’000                 US$’000

      Equity securities listed in USA (note a)                                                                              420                  2,060
      Unlisted equity securities (note b)                                                                                61,582                141,550
                                                                                                                         62,002                143,610

      Notes:


      (a)      The above listed equity investments represent ordinary shares of entities listed in USA. These investments are not held for trading, instead,
               they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity
               instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not
               be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and realising their performance potential in the
               long run.


      (b)      The above unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s equity interest in several private entities established in the PRC, India, USA,
               Taiwan and Finland. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they
               are held for long-term strategic purposes.


               As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, included in unlisted equity securities above, there is the Group’s investment in HMD, a company
               incorporated in the Republic of Finland, which is engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of telecommunication devices, software
               and related services, of approximately US$25,700,000 (2022: US$103,900,000) and fair value loss of US$78,200,000 (2022: US$80,748,000)
               was recognised in other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2023.


               In determining the fair value of unlisted equity investment in relation to HMD, the Group engage independent professional valuers to perform
               a valuation. The amount is determined using option-pricing method with expected volatility, expected life and risk-free rate as the key inputs
               to allocate equity value of HMD derived from cash flow projection based on financial budgets and business plan approved by HMD’s
               management for the estimated future cash flow discounted to its present value, which requires the use of key assumptions, including the
               discount rate, terminal growth rate, budgeted sales and gross margin and taking into account relevant industry growth and market
               development forecasts.



17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                                         2023                    2022
                                                                                                                       US$’000                 US$’000

      Cost of investments in associates, less impairment                                                                 12,357                  12,357
      Share of post-acquisition profit and other comprehensive income,
        net of dividend received                                                                                         12,913                  13,594
                                                                                                                         25,270                  25,951




162     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
     At 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group had interests in the following associates:

                                                                                                      Proportion of
                                                                                                     nominal value             Proportion
                                                   Place of            Principal   Class of         of issued capital/          of voting
      Name of                    Form              incorporation/      place of    share/             interest held            power held
      associate                  of entity         registration        operation   interest held      by the Group            by the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                                     2023           2022      2023         2022

      Diabell Co., Ltd. (note)   Limited company   Republic of Korea   Korea       Ordinary        19.998%     19.998%        20%          20% Designing, developing,
                                                     (“Korea”)                                                                                   manufacturing and selling
                                                                                                                                                 hinges and window lens
                                                                                                                                                 for handsets as well as
                                                                                                                                                 connectors, switches,
                                                                                                                                                 metal decoration, vibration
                                                                                                                                                    motors and related
                                                                                                                                                    products


      Rooti Labs Limited         Limited company   Cayman Islands      Taiwan      Ordinary        22.22%       22.22%      22.22%      22.22% Research and development
                                                                                                                                                 of wearable products


      杭州耕德電子有限公司 Limited company                   PRC                 PRC         Equity             35%          35%      33.33%      33.33% Engaging in the business of
       (known as                                                                                                                                 design, development and
       Hangzhou Gengde                                                                                                                           manufacturing of
       Electronics Co., Ltd.)                                                                                                                    electronic devices and
                                                                                                                                                 handset accessories

     Note: Diabell Co., Ltd. is a private limited company established in Korea. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group is able to
              exercise significant influence over Diabell Co., Ltd. because it has the right to appoint one out of five directors of Diabell Co., Ltd..



     Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material
     Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s associate is set out below. The summarised
     financial information below represents amounts shown in the associate’s financial statements prepared in
     accordance with IFRSs.

                                                                                                                           Year ended                  Year ended
                                                                                                                            31.12.2023                 31.12.2022
                                                                                                                              US$’000                     US$’000

     Total loss for the year                                                                                                         (2,836)                 (11,067)
     Other comprehensive expense                                                                                                      (868)                    (8,373)
     Total comprehensive expense                                                                                                     (3,704)                 (19,440)
     Group’s share of loss and other comprehensive expense of associates
       for the year                                                                                                                   (681)                    (5,797)




                                                                                                                     A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3                       163
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


18. INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE

                                                                                                                  2023                         2022
                                                                                                                US$’000                      US$’000

      Cost of investment in a joint venture                                                                        40,000                      40,000
      Share of post-acquisition loss and other comprehensive expense                                              (25,897)                     (6,815)
                                                                                                                   14,103                      33,185


      At 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group had interest in the following joint venture:

                                                                                          Proportion of
                                                                                          nominal value         Proportion
                                             Place of         Principal                     of issued            of voting
       Name of             Form              incorporation/   place of      Class of       capital held         power held
       joint venture       of entity         registration     operation     shares held   by the Group         by the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                          2023          2022   2023         2022

       Mobile Drive        Limited company   Netherlands      Netherlands   Ordinary      50%          50%     50%          50% Research and development
        Netherlands B.V.                                                                                                          of communication systems,
        (“Mobile Drive”)                                                                                                          handsets as well as other
                                                                                                                                  software, hardware and
                                                                                                                                  related systems


      Summarised financial information of a material joint venture
      Summarised financial information in respect of the joint venture is set out below. The summarised financial
      information below represents amounts shown in the joint venture’s financial statements prepared in
      accordance with IFRSs.

      The joint venture is accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.

      Mobile Drive


                                                                                                                  2023                         2022
                                                                                                                US$’000                      US$’000

      Current assets                                                                                               51,960                      77,867
      Non-current assets                                                                                             5,913                     38,259
      Current liabilities                                                                                         (27,945)                    (47,810)
      Non-current liabilities                                                                                        (1,723)                    (1,947)




164    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


18. INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE (Continued)
     Summarised financial information of a material joint venture (Continued)
     Mobile Drive (Continued)
     The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:

                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                      US$’000           US$’000

     Cash and cash equivalents                                                          28,910           33,741
     Current financial liabilities
       (excluding trade and other payables and provision)                               (6,230)          (14,378)
     Non-current financial liabilities
       (excluding trade and other payables and provision)                               (1,343)           (1,242)


                                                                                  Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                   31.12.2023        31.12.2022
                                                                                     US$’000            US$’000

     Revenue                                                                            39,924           63,588
     Loss for the year                                                                 (40,350)           (8,722)
     Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year                                   2,186            (4,909)
     Total other comprehensive expense for the year                                    (38,164)          (13,631)
     The above loss for the year includes the following:

     Depreciation and amortisation                                                       2,004                2,254
     Interest income                                                                       945                  84
     Interest expense                                                                      237                 188


     Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in Mobile
     Drive recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                      US$’000           US$’000

     Net assets of Mobile Drive                                                         28,205           66,369
     Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in Mobile Drive                         50%              50%
     Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Mobile Drive                            14,103           33,185




                                                                              A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


19. DEFERRED TAXATION
      The following are the major deferred tax (assets) and liabilities recognised and movements thereon for the
      year:

                                              Allowances
                                          for inventories                        Accelerated
                                                and trade                                tax
                                                and other        Warranty       (accounting)
                                              receivables        provision      depreciation         Tax losses            Others              Total
                                                  US$’000         US$’000            US$’000           US$’000            US$’000            US$’000
                                                                                                                            (note)

      At 1 January 2022                           (2,922)             (443)             3,901             (3,986)          (11,967)          (15,417)
      Charge (credit) to profit or loss
        for the year                               1,125               151             (7,201)            4,118              5,758             3,951
      Exchange adjustments                           162                27                 38              (132)               566               661
      At 31 December 2022                         (1,635)             (265)            (3,262)                 –            (5,643)          (10,805)
      (Credit) charge to profit or loss
        for the year                                (254)               62                252             (4,933)            8,258             3,385
      Exchange adjustments                            28                 2                 40                 41              (245)             (134)
      At 31 December 2023                         (1,861)             (201)            (2,970)            (4,892)            2,370             (7,554)


      Note: Others mainly represent temporary difference arising from accrued expenses and other receivables from disposal of investment properties.



      For the purposes of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax
      assets and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances (after offset)
      for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                                      2023                  2022
                                                                                                                    US$’000               US$’000

      Deferred tax assets                                                                                           (18,790)               (14,557)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                       11,236                  3,752
                                                                                                                     (7,554)               (10,805)


      Deferred tax assets were recognised for other deductible temporary differences of approximately
      US$60,322,000 (2022: US$37,738,000) on allowances for inventories and trade and other receivables,
      warranty provision, accelerated accounting depreciation and other accrued expenses.




166     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


19. DEFERRED TAXATION (Continued)
     At 31 December 2023, the Group has not recognised deductible temporary differences on allowances for
     inventories and trade and other receivables, warranty provision, deferred income and other accrued expenses
     of approximately US$325,885,000 (2022: US$187,610,000) as it is not probable that taxable profit will be
     available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised.

     At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately US$2,047,116,000
     (2022: US$2,079,531,000) available for offset against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised
     in respect of approximately US$19,437,000 (2022: Nil) of such losses. No deferred tax asset has been
     recognised in respect of the remaining tax losses of US$2,027,679,000 (2022: US$2,079,531,000) either due
     to the unpredictability of future profit streams or because it is not probable that the unused tax losses will be
     available for utilisation before their expiry. Included in unrecognised tax losses are losses of approximately
     US$534,221,000 (2022: US$384,433,000) which will expire by five consecutive years. Other losses may be
     carried forward indefinitely.

     By reference to financial budgets, management believes that there will be sufficient future taxable profits or
     taxable temporary differences available in the future for the realisation of deferred tax assets which have been
     recognised in respect of tax losses and other temporary differences.

     Under the EIT Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by PRC
     subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. No deferred tax liability has been recognised in respect of
     temporary differences associated with undistributed earnings of subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards of
     approximately US$917,198,000 (2022: US$849,315,000) as at the end of the reporting period because the
     Group is in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that
     such differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

20. INVENTORIES

                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                         US$’000           US$’000

     Raw materials                                                                       371,822           484,217
     Work-in-progress                                                                     94,621           110,589
     Finished goods                                                                      125,114           137,092
                                                                                         591,557           731,898




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    167
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


21. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                        US$’000           US$’000

      Trade receivables                                                                  958,516         1,744,534
      Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                 (225,333)           (91,668)
                                                                                         733,183         1,652,866
      Other taxes recoverable                                                            122,291           142,095
      Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                        116,242           110,684
      Total trade and other receivables                                                  971,716         1,905,645


      As at 1 January 2022, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to US$1,695,575,000.

      The Group generally issues invoices to the customers when the goods are passed to the customers, except for
      certain orders that the Group may also collect advance payments from customers. The Group normally allows
      an average credit period ranged from 30 to 90 days to its trade customers, except certain customers with a
      good track record which may be granted a longer credit period.

      During the year ended 31 December 2023, certain trade receivables were derecognised under factoring
      arrangement with financial institutes at cash proceeds of US$1,780,174,000 (2022: US$2,402,526,000).

      The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables net of allowance for credit losses as presented based on
      the invoice dates at the end of the reporting period, which approximated the respective revenue recognition
      dates:

                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                        US$’000           US$’000

      0–90 days                                                                          685,387         1,476,163
      91–180 days                                                                         39,082            83,477
      181–360 days                                                                         7,733            89,506
      Over 360 days                                                                          981             3,720
                                                                                         733,183         1,652,866


      As at 31 December 2023, included in the Group’s trade receivables balances are debtors with aggregate
      carrying amount of US$258,666,000 (2022: US$228,567,000) which are past due as at the reporting date.
      Out of the past due balances, US$8,714,000 (2022: US$93,226,000) has been past due over 90 days or more
      and is not considered as in default based on the credit quality of the debtors. The Group does not hold any
      collateral over these balances.

      Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in note 32.




168    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


22. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                                 2023                   2022
                                                                                                               US$’000                US$’000

     Trade payables                                                                                          1,091,218              1,981,288
     Other tax payables                                                                                         78,216                 65,327
     Accrued staff costs and employee benefits                                                                 115,541                137,637
     Others                                                                                                    358,038                520,104
                                                                                                             1,643,013              2,704,356

     The following is the aged analysis of trade payables as presented based on the invoice dates at the end of the
     reporting period:

                                                                                                                 2023                   2022
                                                                                                               US$’000                US$’000

     0–90 days                                                                                               1,049,531              1,790,822
     91–180 days                                                                                                28,469                167,299
     181–360 days                                                                                                4,476                  5,087
     Over 360 days                                                                                               8,742                 18,080
                                                                                                             1,091,218              1,981,288

23. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                 2023                   2022
                                                                                                               US$’000                US$’000

     Within one year                                                                                               1,235                  1,498
     Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                                             1,201                     70
     Within a period of more than two years but not more than five years                                           1,543                  2,193
                                                                                                                   3,979                  3,761
     Less: Amount due for settlement within twelve months
         shown under current liabilities                                                                          (1,235)                 (1,498)
     Amount due for settlement over twelve months
      shown under non-current liabilities                                                                          2,744                  2,263

     Note: During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group early terminated lease agreements details of which are set out in note 14.

24. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                                                 2023                   2022
                                                                                                               US$’000                US$’000

     Bank loans — due within one year                                                                           703,676               676,054
     Analysis of bank borrowings by currency:
     US$                                                                                                        703,676               563,800
     RMB                                                                                                              –               112,254

     The bank borrowings as at 31 December 2023 are unsecured, obtained with original maturity of one to seven
     months (2022: one to seven months) and carry interest at fixed interest rate ranging from 5.96% to 6.25%
     (2022: 2.20% to 5.41%) per annum. Out of total bank borrowings, bank borrowings of US$234,300,000
     (2022: US$195,000,000) contain a repayment on demand clause. The weighted average effective interest
     rate on the bank borrowings is 6.06% per annum (2022: 4.65% per annum).
                                                                                                     A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3           169
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


25. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                     Number of
                                                                                        shares           Amount
                                                                                                         US$’000

      Ordinary shares of US$0.04 each, authorised:
        Balance at 1 January 2022, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023          20,000,000,000         800,000
      Ordinary shares of US$0.04 each, issued and fully paid:
        Balance at 1 January 2022                                                  8,010,000,000         320,400
        Repurchase and cancellation of shares                                        (71,261,000)          (2,850)
        Balance at 31 December 2022                                                7,938,739,000         317,550
        Repurchase and cancellation of shares                                        (33,739,000)          (1,350)
        Balance at 31 December 2023                                                7,905,000,000         316,200


      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through the
      Stock Exchange as follows:

                                                         Number
                                                         ordinary                                      Aggregate
                                                        shares of          Price per share          consideration
       Month of repurchases                          US$0.04 each      Highest          Lowest               paid
                                                                          HK$              HK$           HK$’000

       January                                           6,739,000         0.87             0.84           5,764
       March                                             4,000,000         0.85             0.83           3,374
       August                                            3,031,000         0.77             0.68           2,160
       September                                         5,969,000         0.72             0.66           4,115
       November                                          3,000,000         0.60             0.58           1,756
       December                                          9,800,000         0.61             0.54           5,590
                                                        32,539,000                                        22,759
                                                                                                         US$’000

       Equivalent to                                                                                       2,908


      22,739,000 ordinary shares were repurchased and cancelled during the year ended 31 December 2023.
      Remaining 9,800,000 ordinary shares were cancelled subsequently on 15 January 2024.




170    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


25. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
     During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through the
     Stock Exchange as follows:

                                                  Number
                                               of ordinary                                            Aggregate
                                                 shares of                Price per share           consideration
      Month of repurchases                   US$0.04 each            Highest           Lowest                paid
                                                                        HK$               HK$           HK$’000

      January                                  10,000,000               1.41              1.37            13,900
      March                                     7,100,000               1.08              1.04             7,559
      April                                    12,900,000               1.09              1.02            13,572
      June                                     11,000,000               1.13              1.01            11,812
      July                                     14,000,000               1.12              1.04            14,930
      August                                    9,261,000               1.04              1.01             9,530
      November                                  5,500,000               0.84              0.80             4,494
      December                                  5,500,000               0.90              0.81             4,645
                                               75,261,000                                                 80,442
                                                                                                         US$’000

      Equivalent to                                                                                       10,276


     64,261,000 ordinary shares were repurchased and cancelled during the year ended 31 December 2022.
     Remaining 11,000,000 ordinary shares were cancelled subsequently on 9 January 2023.

     None of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
     during both years.

26. RESERVES
     The Group’s special reserve represents the difference between the paid-in capital of the subsidiaries acquired
     pursuant to the group reorganisation in 2004 and the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued in
     exchange therefrom.

     The Group’s legal reserve represents statutory reserve attributable to the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC
     and Taiwan. As required by the laws in the PRC and Taiwan, appropriations are made from the profit of these
     subsidiaries to the legal reserve until the balance reaches 50% of the registered capital of the relevant
     subsidiaries. This reserve can only be used to make up losses incurred or to increase capital.




                                                                               A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   171
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


27. DERIVATIVES
      Currency derivatives
      The Group utilises currency derivatives to hedge significant future transactions and cash flows. The Group
      utilises forward foreign exchange contracts to manage its exchange rate exposures. The instruments adopted
      are primarily to hedge the currencies used in the Group’s principal markets.

      During the current year, a loss from the forward foreign exchange contracts of US$166,000 (2022: loss of
      US$342,000) was recognised in profit or loss and included in other income, gains and losses.

      At the end of the reporting period, notional amount of major outstanding forward foreign exchange
      contracts that the Group has committed are as below:

                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                        US$’000           US$’000

      US$                                                                                 73,000            85,000


      As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of the Group’s currency derivatives is estimated to be approximately
      US$62,000 assets (2022: US$228,000 assets), based on the difference between the market forward rate at
      the end of the reporting period for the remaining duration of the outstanding contracts and their contracted
      forward rates, and is included as other receivables (2022: other receivables) at the end of the reporting
      period. The contracts outstanding as at 31 December 2023 mainly related to buying of Mexican Peso
      (“MXN”) (2022: MXN) with maturities in the first quarter of 2024 (2022: first quarter of 2023).

28. BANK DEPOSITS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
      Bank deposits carry interest at prevailing market rate of 7.40% (2022: 6.86%) per annum on average, with
      original maturity of over three months.

      Cash and cash equivalents include bank balances and cash which comprise cash held by the Group and short
      term bank deposits with an original maturity of three months or less. The deposits carry interest at prevailing
      market rate of 4.60% (2022: 3.74%) per annum on average.

      For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group performed impairment assessment on bank
      balances and concluded that the probability of defaults of the counterparty banks are insignificant and
      accordingly, no allowance for credit losses is provided.

      Details of impairment assessment of bank deposits and bank balances are set out in note 32.




172    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


28. BANK DEPOSITS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (Continued)
     Analysis of bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents by currency:

                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                   US$’000            US$’000

     US$                                                                            422,013           571,463
     RMB                                                                          1,218,393           953,639
     INR                                                                            194,223           234,115
     Brazilian Real                                                                   9,096             7,709
     New Taiwan Dollar                                                               36,127            67,487
     Others                                                                          15,814            14,976
                                                                                  1,895,666         1,849,389


29. PROVISION

                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                   US$’000            US$’000

     At 1 January                                                                      2,779             6,323
     Exchange adjustments                                                                (14)             (404)
     Provision for the year                                                            1,661             7,761
     Utilisation of provision/upon expiry of the warranty period                      (2,412)          (10,901)
     At 31 December                                                                    2,014                2,779


     The provision represents management’s best estimate of the Group’s warranty liability under twelve to
     twenty-four months’ warranty granted on handset products, based on prior experience and industry averages
     for defective products.

30. DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                   US$’000            US$’000

     Government subsidies                                                              7,119                8,067


     Government subsidies granted to the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC are released to income over the
     useful lives of the related depreciable assets.




                                                                            A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      173
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


31. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                             2023               2022
                                                                                           US$’000            US$’000

      Commitments for the acquisition of property,
        plant and equipment contracted but not provided for                                  32,025              6,283


32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      (a) Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                             2023               2022
                                                                                           US$’000            US$’000

           Financial assets
           Fair value through profit or loss
             Derivatives (included in other receivables)                                          62               228
           Financial assets at amortised cost                                             2,763,063         3,538,849
           Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                      62,002           143,610
           Financial liabilities
           At amortised cost
             Trade and other payables                                                     1,438,644         2,524,200
             Bank borrowings                                                                703,676           676,054
                                                                                          2,142,320         3,200,254


      (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies
           The Group’s major financial instruments include derivatives, bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents,
           equity instruments at FVTOCI, trade and other receivables, trade and other payables and bank
           borrowings. Details of the financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated
           with these financial instruments and lease liabilities include market risk (currency risk, other price risk
           and interest rate risk), credit risk and impairment assessment and liquidity risk. The policies on how to
           mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to
           ensure appropriate measures are implemented in a timely and effective manner.

           Market risk
           Interest rate risk
           The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate bank borrowings (see note
           24 for details of these bank borrowings) and lease liabilities (see note 23 for details). The directors of the
           Company monitor interest rate exposures and will consider hedging significant interest rate risk should
           the need arise.

           Cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances and deposits is considered
           insignificant as most of them are short-term in nature. Accordingly, no interest rate sensitivity analysis is
           presented.

174    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
          Market risk (Continued)
          Other price risk
          The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities measured at
          FVTOCI. For equity securities listed in USA, the management manages this exposure by maintaining a
          portfolio of investments with different risks. In addition, the Group also invested in certain unquoted
          equity securities in PRC, India, USA, Taiwan and Finland for investees engaged in the development,
          manufacture and sale of telecommunication devices, software and related services for long term
          strategic purposes which had been designated as FVTOCI. Sensitivity analysis for unquoted equity
          securities with fair value measurement categorised within Level 3 were disclosed in note 32(c). The
          Group has organised an investment team to monitor the price risk and will consider hedging the risk
          exposure should the need arise.

          Currency risk
          The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency
          exposures. Foreign currency risk arises when the Group’s recognised assets and liabilities are
          denominated in a currency that is not the group entity’s functional currency.

          The Group manages its foreign currency exposures by non-financial techniques such as managing the
          transaction currency, leading and lagging payments, receivable management, etc. In addition, the
          Group sometimes obtains bank borrowings in various foreign currencies and enters into short-term
          forward foreign currency contracts less than two months (2022: less than four months) for hedging
          purpose. The Group utilises a variety of forward foreign currency contracts to hedge its exposure to
          foreign currencies on a regular basis. In response to the rapid volatility in the foreign exchange market,
          the Group adopted a strategy of squaring RMB positions at earlier stage to reduce the currency
          exposure.

          As at 31 December 2023, total notional amount of outstanding forward foreign exchange contracts
          that the Group has committed is approximately US$73,000,000 (2022: US$85,000,000), and their fair
          values are estimated to be approximately US$62,000 assets (2022: US$228,000 assets), and are
          included as other receivables (2022: other receivables), at the end of the reporting period. The contracts
          mainly related to buying of MXN (2022: MXN) with maturities in first quarter (2022: first quarter) of the
          following year.

          The monetary assets and liabilities of group entities, which are denominated in a currency (i.e. RMB, INR
          and New Taiwan Dollar) other than their respective functional currency, are mainly cash and cash
          equivalents, trade and other receivables, trade and other payables and bank borrowings, the carrying
          amounts are summarised as follows:

                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                       US$’000           US$’000

          Assets                                                                      1,216,304        2,038,107
          Liabilities                                                                  (999,151)       (1,504,408)




                                                                               A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    175
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
          Market risk (Continued)
          Currency risk (Continued)
          As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, majority of Group’s bank borrowings were denominated in US$,
          bank borrowings denominated in a currency other than their respective functional currency were
          included in the monetary liabilities disclosed above.

          Exchange rate sensitivity
          At the end of the reporting period, in respect of monetary items (excluding derivatives) denominated in
          currency other than the functional currency of respective group entities, if exchange rates of the foreign
          currency against US$ had been appreciated/depreciated by 3% (2022: 3%) and all other variables were
          held constant, the Group’s post-tax loss would decrease/increase by approximately US$6,275,000 (2022:
          US$15,841,000) for the year and the Group’s translation reserve would increase/decrease by
          US$87,657,000 (2022: US$85,657,000) for the year. In the current year, global currency market was
          tremendously volatile. Exchange rates of US$ versus other currencies fluctuated over the year which
          affected the translation of the monetary items, such as forward foreign exchange contracts, trade and
          other receivables, trade and other payables and bank borrowings of the Group, especially RMB and INR
          (2022: RMB and INR), RMB/US$ exchange rate ranged between 0.1384 and 0.1479 and INR/US$
          exchange rate ranged between 0.0120 and 0.0123 (2022: RMB/US$ exchange rate ranged between
          0.1393 and 0.1582 and INR/US$ exchange rate ranged between 0.0121 and 0.0134) in the current
          year. The effect of such fluctuation is closely monitored by the management of the Group to minimise
          the related effect on the overall result of the Group.

          Credit risk and impairment assessment
          The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the event of the counterparties’ failure to perform their
          obligations as at reporting period and in relation to each class of recognised financial assets is the
          carrying amount of those assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position. The Group
          does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancement to cover its credit risks associated with its
          financial assets.

          Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers
          A major portion of the Group’s trade receivables are receivables from industry leaders or multinational
          customers with good financial background. Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an
          internal credit scoring system to assess the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by
          customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers are reviewed twice a year. Other monitoring
          procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In this regard,
          the management considers that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

          In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
          determination of credit limits and monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
          recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on
          debtors credit-impaired and certain debtor with increasing credit risk individually and/or based on
          provision matrix for remaining debtors. Details of the quantitative disclosures are set out below in this
          note.



176    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
          Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
          Bank deposits and bank balances
          The credit risk on bank deposits and bank balances is limited because the counterparties are banks with
          higher credit ratings and assigned by international credit-rating agencies. The Group assessed 12m ECL
          for bank deposits and bank balances by reference to information relating to probability of default and
          loss given default of the respective credit rating grades published by external credit rating agencies.
          Based on the average loss rates, the 12m ECL on bank deposits and bank balances is considered to be
          insignificant and therefore no loss allowance was recognised.

          Other receivables
          For other receivables and deposits, the management makes periodic individual assessment on the
          recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past experience,
          and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking
          information. The management believes that there are no significant increase in credit risk of these
          amounts since initial recognition and the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the year
          ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group assessed the ECL for other receivables and deposits are
          insignificant and thus no loss allowance is recognised.

          The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which included bank
          deposits, bank balances, other receivables and trade receivables, which are subject to ECL assessment:

                                    External        Internal      12m or                             Gross
                              Notes credit rating   credit rating lifetime ECL                 carrying amount
                                                                                                 2023        2022
                                                                                              US$’000      US$’000

          Financial assets
            at amortised
            cost

          Bank deposits        28     Ba3–Aa3       N/A           12m ECL                       50,343       24,280

          Bank balances        28     Ba3–A1        N/A           12m ECL                    1,845,323    1,825,109

          Other receivables    21     N/A           (note a)      12m ECL                      134,214       36,594

          Trade receivables    21     N/A           (note b)      Lifetime ECL                 951,042    1,736,588
                                                                     (not credit-impaired)

                                                    (note b)        (credit-impaired)            7,474           7,946




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      177
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
          Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
          Notes:


          (a)      For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group uses past due information to assess whether credit risk has increased
                   significantly since initial recognition. Based on the historical default rate, repayment history and forecast of future condition on
                   economy and debtors, the directors of the Company considered the expected credit loss for other receivables is immaterial.


          (b)      For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. Except
                   for debtors credit-impaired and certain debtor with increasing credit risk, the Group determines the expected credit losses on these
                   items by using a provision matrix. The Group uses debtors’ past due status to assess the impairment for its customers because these
                   customers consist of a large number of customers with common risk characteristics that are representative of the customers’ abilities
                   to pay all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms.


                   As at 31 December 2023, the management had assessed the ECL of trade receivable due from HMD with a gross carrying amount of
                   US$215,296,000 (2022: US$226,428,000) individually. Management had considered that due to deterioration of HMD’s financial
                   performance, there was a significant increase in credit risk of the trade receivables due from HMD. Management had appointed an
                   external valuer to assist in the estimation of the ECL provision of the trade receivable by determining an appropriate probability of
                   default rate, estimated loss given default rate and forward looking adjustments. Based on the result of the assessment, a lifetime ECL
                   (not credit-impaired) of US$137,758,000 (2022: US$77,465,000) was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2023.


                   During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group reversed ECL of US$3,935,000 (2022: recognised ECL of US$3,069,000), based
                   on the provision matrix on the remaining balance of trade receivables that are not individually assessed. Average loss rates of 0.05%
                   to 38.57% (2022: 0.05% to 37.66%) were applied by the Group to the trade receivable with gross carrying amount of
                   US$735,746,000 (2022: US$1,510,160,000) which are assessed on a collective basis by using provision matrix within lifetime ECL (not
                   credit-impaired).


                   Debtor that is credit-impaired, which was evident to management the debtor was in financial difficulty, with gross carrying amount of
                   US$7,474,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: US$7,946,000) was assessed individually. Impairment allowance of US$7,474,000
                   (2022: US$7,946,000) was made on this credit-impaired debtors which was the differences between the gross carrying amount and
                   the cash flow that the Group expects to receive.


                   The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the debtors and forward-
                   looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure
                   relevant information about specific debtors is updated.




178    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
          Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
          Notes: (Continued)


          (b)    (Continued)


                 The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables under the simplified
                 approach.


                                                                                 Lifetime ECL
                                                                                  (not credit-               Credit-
                                                                                    impaired)              impaired                 Total
                                                                                      US$’000               US$’000              US$’000


                 As at 1 January 2022                                                   3,966                 8,676               12,642
                 Changes due to financial instruments recognised
                   as at 1 January 2022:
                   — Impairment losses reversed                                         (3,500)                   –                (3,500)
                 Impairment losses recognised for
                   new financial assets originated                                     84,034                     –               84,034
                 Exchange adjustments                                                    (778)                 (730)               (1,508)

                 As at 31 December 2022                                                83,722                 7,946               91,668
                 Changes due to financial instruments recognised
                   as at 1 January 2023:
                   — Impairment losses reversed                                         (6,018)                   –                (6,018)
                   — Impairment losses recognised                                     137,758                     –              137,758


                 Impairment losses recognised for
                   new financial assets originated                                      2,083                     –                 2,083
                 Exchange adjustments                                                     314                  (472)                 (158)

                 As at 31 December 2023                                               217,859                 7,474              225,333



          Liquidity risk
          Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the directors of the Company, which has
          built an appropriate liquidity risk management framework. The Group manages liquidity risk by
          maintaining adequate cash and cash equivalents, banking facilities and borrowing facilities, by
          continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial
          assets and liabilities.

          The Group’s objective is to balance the fund’s continuity and flexibility through the use of bank
          borrowings. The maturity periods of the Group’s bank borrowings are one to seven months (2022: one
          to seven months) and the maturity periods of other financial liabilities and lease liabilities are within
          three months to five years. Out of the total bank borrowings, bank borrowings of US$234,300,000
          (2022: US$195,000,000) contain a repayment on demand clause.

          As at 31 December 2023, the Group has available unutilised banking facilities of approximately
          US$1,755,399,000 (2022: US$1,733,244,000). There was no pledge of assets in relation to the banking
          facilities as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.




                                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3       179
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments
          Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
          Fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3, which are described as follows:

          •           Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that
                      the entity can access at the measurement date;

          •           Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for
                      the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

          •           Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

          Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
          following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in
          particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as different levels of the fair value
          hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Level 1 to 3) based on the degree to
          which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the
          fair value measurements.

                                                                                                                                                                             Sensitivity/
                                                                                                                                                                             relationship of
                                                                                         Fair value   Valuation technique(s)             Significant                         unobservable
              Financial assets                           Fair value as at                hierarchy    and key inputs                     unobservable input(s)               inputs to fair value
                                                 31.12.2023               31.12.2022
                                                   US$’000                   US$’000


              Forward foreign exchange          Assets — 62            Assets — 228      Level 2      Fair value derived from            N/A                                 N/A
                contracts classified as                                                                  observable forward exchange
                other receivables                                                                        rates at the end of the
                                                                                                         reporting period

              Equity instruments at FVTOCI     Listed equity             Listed equity   Level 1      Quoted bid prices in an active     N/A                                 N/A
                                             investments —            investments —                     market
                                                        420                     2,060

              Equity instruments at FVTOCI   Unlisted equity          Unlisted equity    Level 2      Fair value derived from market     N/A                                 N/A
                                             instruments —            instruments —                      value of the shares of equity
                                                      25,228                  24,441                     instruments in recent
                                                                                                         investment transactions

              Equity instruments at FVTOCI   Unlisted equity          Unlisted equity    Level 3      Option-pricing method, with        Budged sales and gross margin       The higher the budgeted sales
                                             instruments —            instruments —                     expected volatility, expected      taken into account the relevant     and gross margin, the
                                                      36,354                 117,109                    life and risk-free rate as the     industry growth forecasts and       higher the fair value, and
                                                                                                        key inputs, to allocate equity     financial budgets approved by       vice versa
                                                                                                        value of investees                 the investee’s management and
                                                                                                        determined using income            expectation for the market        The higher the terminal
                                                                                                        approach — discounted cash         development                         growth rate, the higher the
                                                                                                        flow method was used to                                                fair value, and vice versa
                                                                                                        capture the present value of     Terminal growth rate, taking into
                                                                                                        the expected return                 the account the management’s     The lower the WACC, the
                                                                                                                                            experience and knowledge of        higher the fair value, and
                                                                                                                                            market conditions of the           vice versa
                                                                                                                                            specific industries

                                                                                                                                         Weighted average cost of capital
                                                                                                                                           (“WACC”) was 21.10% (2022:
                                                                                                                                           ranged from 13.61% to
                                                                                                                                           40.00%) respectively



180    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)
          Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets


                                                                                                                   Financial               Financial
                                                                                                                   assets at               assets at
                                                                                                                      FVTPL                  FVTOCI
                                                                                                                    US$’000                 US$’000

          At 1 January 2022                                                                                             1,900                207,738
          Net fair value loss
            — in profit or loss                                                                                        (1,900)                      –
            — in OCI                                                                                                        –                 (81,415)
          Transfer into Level 3 (note a)                                                                                    –                   2,475
          Transfer out from Level 3 (note b)                                                                                –                 (11,300)
          Exchange adjustments                                                                                              –                    (389)
          At 31 December 2022                                                                                                  –             117,109
          Net fair value loss
            — in OCI                                                                                                           –              (78,515)
          Transfer into Level 3 (note a)                                                                                       –                3,075
          Transfer out from Level 3 (note b)                                                                                   –               (4,656)
          Exchange adjustments                                                                                                 –                 (659)
          At 31 December 2023                                                                                                  –               36,354

          Notes:


          (a)      For the relevant financial assets, the recent transaction prices used in prior year to determine the fair value was no longer available,
                   therefore, the valuation method was changed and the fair value hierarchy was changed from Level 2 to Level 3.


          (b)      For the relevant financial asset, the recent transaction price was used to determine the fair value during the year, therefore the
                   valuation method was changed and the fair value hierarchy was changed from Level 3 to Level 2.



          For the other financial assets and financial liabilities, the directors of the Company consider that the
          carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recognised in the consolidated financial
          statements approximate their fair values.

          Of the total gains or losses for the year ended 31 December 2022, loss of US$1,900,000 (2023: Nil)
          related to financial assets at FVTPL held at the end of the current reporting period. Fair value gains on
          financial assets at FVTPL were included in ‘other income, gains and losses’.

          Included in other comprehensive income, loss of US$78,515,000 (2022: loss of US$81,415,000) relates
          to unlisted equity securities classified as equity instruments at FVTOCI held at the end of the current
          reporting period and is reported as changes of revaluation reserve.




                                                                                                          A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3               181
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (d) Financial assets and financial liabilities subject to offsetting
          The disclosures set out in the table below include financial assets and financial liabilities that are offset
          in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.

          The Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off certain bank balances with bank
          borrowings at the same bank that are due to be settled on the same date and the Group intends to
          settle these balances on a net basis.

                                                                            As at 31 December 2023
                                                                                     Gross amounts
                                                                                      of recognised
                                                                                             financial        Net amounts of
                                                                                          (liabilities)        financial assets
                                                         Gross amounts              assets set off in             presented in
                                                           of recognised           the consolidated          the consolidated
            Financial assets/liabilities                 financial assets              statement of               statement of
            subject to offsetting                              (liabilities)      financial position        financial position
                                                                  US$’000                     US$’000                  US$’000

            Bank balances                                                  –                           –                       –
            Bank borrowings                                                –                           –                       –
            Interest receivables                                           –                           –                       –
            Interest payables                                              –                           –                       –


                                                                                As at 31 December 2022
                                                                                       Gross amounts
                                                                                        of recognised           Net amounts of
                                                                                  financial (liabilities)        financial assets
                                                          Gross amounts               assets set off in             presented in
                                                            of recognised            the consolidated         the consolidated
            Financial assets/liabilities                  financial assets               statement of               statement of
            subject to offsetting                               (liabilities)       financial position        financial position
                                                                  US$’000                     US$’000                   US$’000

            Bank balances                                         220,026                    (220,026)                         –
            Bank borrowings                                      (220,026)                    220,026                          –
            Interest receivables                                     3,102                       (2,977)                    125
            Interest payables                                       (2,977)                      2,977                         –


          During the year, net interest income of US$3,186,000 (2022: US$2,567,000) relating to the above
          arrangement was included in interest income.



182    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


33. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
     and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or
     future cash flows will be classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
     financing activities.

                                                          Interest
                                                         payables
                                                     (included in
                                                            other            Bank            Lease
                                                        payables)     borrowings         liabilities         Total
                                                          US$’000         US$’000          US$’000         US$’000
                                                                         (note 24)        (note 23)

     At 1 January 2022                                        699          857,490          23,176          881,365
     Financing cash flows                                 (27,085)        (171,737)          (4,925)       (203,747)
     New lease entered (note 14)                                –                 –           1,365           1,365
     Leases terminated (note 14)                                –                 –        (14,253)         (14,253)
     Interest expenses                                     28,611                 –             967          29,578
     Exchange adjustments                                       –            (9,699)         (2,569)        (12,268)
     At 31 December 2022                                    2,225         676,054             3,761        682,040
     Financing cash flows                                 (56,781)         28,654            (2,654)       (30,781)
     New lease entered (note 14)                                –               –             2,628          2,628
     Interest expenses                                     60,281               –               319         60,600
     Exchange adjustments                                       –          (1,032)              (75)        (1,107)
     At 31 December 2023                                    5,725         703,676            3,979         713,380




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    183
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      (a) Other than as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group entered into
           the following transactions with related parties, including Hon Hai and its subsidiaries and associates
           other than the members of the Group.

                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                                     US$’000           US$’000

           Hon Hai
             Sales of goods                                                           994,863        1,637,054
             Purchase of goods                                                         82,116          153,663
             Sales of property, plant and equipment                                         –                4
             Lease expense — real properties (note)                                       624              667
             Subcontracting income                                                     36,607           28,250
             Consolidated services and subcontracting expense                           8,091           13,926
             General services income                                                      540              839
           Subsidiaries of Hon Hai
             Sales of goods                                                            37,955          315,830
             Purchase of goods                                                        145,912          305,896
             Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                    568            1,957
             Sales of property, plant and equipment                                    33,853              957
             Lease income — real properties                                             5,240            5,401
             Lease income — non-real properties                                            10                –
             Lease expense — real properties (note)                                     5,881            4,846
             Lease expense — non-real properties (note)                                    62            3,584
             Subcontracting income                                                     25,179           33,465
             Consolidated services and subcontracting expense                          35,153           70,932
             General services income                                                      192              763
             General services expense                                                   8,637           20,189
           Associates of Hon Hai
             Sales of goods                                                           490,134          840,498
             Purchase of goods                                                        262,919          365,400
             Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                     28                –
             Sales of property, plant and equipment                                         –              106
             Lease income — real properties                                                19               61
             Lease expense — real properties (note)                                        84               86
             Subcontracting income                                                     10,435           15,291
             Consolidated services and subcontracting expense                             673            1,196
             General services expense                                                      15                6

           Note: The amounts represent short-term lease expenses during the year.




184    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
     (b) At the end of the reporting period, the Group has the following balances due from/to related parties
          included in:

                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                      US$’000            US$’000

          Trade receivables:
            Hon Hai                                                                    182,401           581,001
            Subsidiaries of Hon Hai                                                     22,251            23,268
            Associates of Hon Hai                                                       73,025           143,433
                                                                                       277,677           747,702
          Other receivables:
            Hon Hai                                                                          16                  28
            Subsidiaries of Hon Hai                                                       2,410                 131
            Associates of Hon Hai                                                             –                  25
                                                                                          2,426                 184
                                                                                       280,103           747,886
          Trade payables:
            Hon Hai                                                                     17,714            33,210
            Subsidiaries of Hon Hai                                                     45,423           116,682
            Associates of Hon Hai                                                       28,911            75,396
                                                                                        92,048           225,288
          Other payables:
            Hon Hai                                                                          72                   70
            Subsidiaries of Hon Hai                                                       2,158                2,225
            Associates of Hon Hai                                                            20                    8
                                                                                          2,250                2,303
                                                                                        94,298           227,591


          Balances due from/to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and are repayable within one year.




                                                                               A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      185
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (c) Compensation of key management personnel
           The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                         2023            2022
                                                                                       US$’000         US$’000

           Short-term benefits                                                            3,480          4,760
           Share-based payments                                                           1,291            684
                                                                                          4,771          5,444


      (d) During the year, the Group enter into the following transactions with a joint venture:

                                                                                         2023            2022
                                                                                       US$’000         US$’000

           Sales of goods                                                                13,171         40,746
           Other income                                                                   4,384          2,790
           Other expense                                                                    161            192
                                                                                         17,716         43,728


           The amount due from a joint venture was US$10,784,000 (2022: US$24,321,000), which was interest-
           free with credit period of 90 days and included in trade and other receivables as at 31 December 2023.

      (e) During the year, the Group enter into the following transactions with associates:

                                                                                         2023            2022
                                                                                       US$’000         US$’000

           Sales of goods                                                                 3,931            461
           Purchase of goods                                                                  –              5
           Other income                                                                   2,221          1,897
           Other expense                                                                      –              2


           The amounts due from associates were US$4,181,000 (2022: US$539,000), which were interest-free,
           repayable on demand and included in trade and other receivables as at 31 December 2023.




186    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


35. RETIREMENT BENEFITS PLANS
     Majority of the employees of the Company’s subsidiaries are members of state-managed retirement benefit
     schemes operated by the government in the PRC. These subsidiaries in the PRC are required to contribute a
     specified percentage ranging from 5% to 20% of their payroll costs to the retirement benefit schemes to
     fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit schemes is to make
     the specified contributions.

     Certain subsidiaries of the Company operate defined benefit plans in Taiwan and Korea. Under the schemes,
     the employees are entitled to retirement benefits on attainment of a retirement age ranging from 55 to 60.
     The most recent actuarial valuations of plan assets and the present values of the defined benefit obligations
     were carried out at 31 December 2023 by independent valuers, Greatfine Wealth Management Consulting
     Inc. and Aon Hewitt Korea, respectively. The present values of the defined benefit obligations, the related
     current service cost and past service cost were measured using the projected unit credit method.

     The principal actuarial assumptions used were as follows:

                                                                                          2023                2022

     Discount rate                                                                      1.00%             1.00%
     Expected rate of salary increases                                                  3.00%             3.00%


     The actuarial valuations showed that the market value of plan assets was US$5,932,000 (2022:
     US$5,797,000) and that the actuarial value of these assets represented 201% (2022: 203%) of the benefits
     that had accrued to members.

     The Group also operates a number of defined contribution schemes in other overseas locations. Arrangements
     for these staff retirement benefits vary from country to country and are made in accordance with local
     regulations and custom.

36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
     (a) Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company
          On 26 November 2013, the Company adopted a share option scheme (the “Former Share Option
          Scheme”) for the Company to reward, motivate and retain eligible persons. In order to ensure the
          continuity of a share option scheme for the Group to attract, reward, motivate and retain the eligible
          participants which would comply with the new requirements of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, the
          Company adopted the existing share option scheme (the “Existing Share Option Scheme”) and
          consequentially terminated the Former Share Option Scheme. Details of the Existing Share Option
          Scheme are set out in the Company’s circular dated 14 April 2023, and the Existing Share Option
          Scheme was subsequently approved by the Company’s shareholders on 19 May 2023. Since the
          adoption of the Existing Share Option Scheme on 19 May 2023, no option has been granted under the
          Existing Share Option Scheme.




                                                                              A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     187
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a) Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
          Under the Existing Share Option Scheme, the board of directors of the Company or its duly authorised
          officer(s) or delegate(s) may grant options to eligible employees, including directors of the Company and
          its subsidiaries, to subscribe for shares in the Company. The option granted will be subject to vesting
          period (as determined by the board of directors of the Company or its duly authorised officer(s) or
          delegate(s) at the time of granting the option) of a minimum of one year and up to six years or such
          other period which must not be more than ten years from the date of grant of the relevant option.

          The total number of shares issuable upon exercise of all options which may be granted pursuant to the
          Existing Share Option Scheme and upon being granted pursuant to the Existing Share Scheme (as
          disclosed below) as at the adoption date (i.e. 19 May 2023) shall be 791,700,000 shares, representing
          10% of the total number of shares in issue as at 19 May 2023 and approximately 10.03% of the total
          number of shares in issue as at the approval date of these consolidated financial statements.

          If any options to be granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director, or
          any of his/its associates (as defined in the Listing Rules), will result in the total number of the shares
          granted and to be granted to such connected person or his/its associate(s) (whether pursuant to the
          Existing Share Option Scheme or the Existing Share Scheme) during the 12-month period up to and
          including the date of such proposed grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the total issued
          shares of the Company as at the date of such proposed grant, then such proposed grant will be
          required to be approved by the independent shareholders of the Company in general meeting, at which
          all core connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, such connected person and
          their respective associates shall abstain from voting on the relevant resolution(s) at the general meeting.

          If any proposed grant of an option to any proposed grantee would result in the total number of shares
          granted and to be granted to such proposed grantee (whether pursuant to the Existing Share Option
          Scheme or the Existing Share Scheme) during the 12-month period up to and including the date of such
          proposed grant exceeding 1% of the total number of issued shares of the Company as at the date of
          such proposed grant, then such proposed grant must be separately approved by the independent
          shareholders of the Company in general meeting, at which such proposed grantee and his/her close
          associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) shall abstain from voting.

          The period within which the options must be exercised will be specified by the Board (or its duly
          authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) at the time of grant, which must not be more than 10 years from
          the date of grant of such options. All options granted under the Existing Share Option Scheme will be
          subject to a vesting period of a minimum of one year (subject to a shorter period under any one or more
          of certain specific circumstances) and up to six years (or such other period which must not be more than
          10 years from the date of grant of the relevant options) as determined by the Board (or its duly
          authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) at the time of granting the relevant option, which will vary from
          option holder to option holder. When making an offer to grant an option to a proposed grantee, the
          Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) may in its absolute discretion specify any one or
          more of the relevant conditions, including (if applicable) satisfactory performance target(s) achievement
          rating which shall be achieved by the proposed grantee before his exercise of such option as well as the
          clawback mechanism adopted by the Board as more particularly described at page 21 of the Company’s
          circular as issued and published on 13 April 2023. An offer of grant of an option must be accepted by
          the date being a date not more than 30 days after the date of the offer. The amount payable upon
          acceptance of an option is HK$1.00.



188    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
     (a) Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
          The amount payable for each share to be subscribed for upon exercise of an option shall be determined
          by the Board and shall be the highest of: (a) the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock
          Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant, which must be a business day; (b) the average
          closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business
          days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (c) the nominal value of a share.

          Currently, no options have been granted under the Existing Share Option Scheme and Former Share
          Option Scheme. No share option was exercisable as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.

          No expense in relation to the share options granted by the Company under the Existing Share Option
          Scheme and Former Share Option Scheme was recognised by the Group for the years ended 31
          December 2023 and 2022.

     (b) Equity-settled share option scheme of BFIH
          On 28 May 2021, the Company adopted a share option scheme at the subsidiary level of the Group
          relating to BFIH (an indirect subsidiary of the Company incorporated in India) (the “BFIH Share Option
          Scheme”), which will expire on 27 May 2031.

          The purpose of the BFIH Share Option Scheme is to attract and retain capable and skilled and
          experienced personnel, to incentivize them to remain with BFIH and its subsidiaries (the “BFIH Group”)
          and to give effect to the BFIH Group’s customer-focused and performance-driven corporate culture, and
          to motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion and long-term success of the BFIH
          Group, by providing them with the opportunity to acquire equity interests in BFIH.

          Subject to the terms of the BFIH Share Option Scheme, the board of directors of BFIH (or its duly
          authorised committee, officer(s) or delegate(s)) may, at its absolute discretion, offer to grant to (a) the
          employees as designated by BFIH (including directors (other than independent directors as defined under
          applicable Indian regulations) of the BFIH Group; and (b) the third party service providers of the BFIH
          Group, comprising the employees (including directors (other than independent directors or the foreign
          equivalent) and members of senior management) of a direct or indirect holding company (as defined
          under the India Companies Act) of BFIH (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Company and Hon
          Hai), but excluding in both cases: (i) an employee who is a promoter or a person belonging to the
          promoter group; and (ii) a director who either himself or through his relative or through any body
          corporate, directly or indirectly, holds more than 10% of the outstanding/issued equity shares of BFIH)
          (collectively, the “BFIH Eligible Persons”) options to subscribe for BFIH shares on the terms set out in the
          BFIH Share Option Scheme.

          The total number of BFIH shares in respect of which options may be granted under the BFIH Share
          Option Scheme shall be 154,984,498 shares, representing 6.51% of the total number of issued shares
          of BFIH as at the approval date of these consolidated financial statements.

          The total number of BFIH shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of options granted and to be
          granted to each grantee in any 12-month period up to the date of the latest grant shall not exceed 1%
          of the total number of issued shares of BFIH from time to time.




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    189
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b) Equity-settled share option scheme of BFIH (Continued)
          The minimum period for which the options must be held before they can be exercised and the period
          within which the options must be exercised (the “BFIH vesting period”) will be specified by the board of
          directors of BFIH (or its duly authorised committee, officer(s) or delegate(s)) at the time of the offer of
          grant. The BFIH vesting period is from a minimum of one year and up to six years (or such other period
          which must not be less than one year nor more than 10 years from the date of grant of the relevant
          options) as determined by the board of directors of BFIH (or its duly authorised committee, officer(s) or
          delegate(s)) at the time of granting the relevant options. The minimum vesting period of one year shall
          not apply in case of early vesting of options owing to the grantee’s death or permanent incapacity, or
          ill-health, injury or disability not attributable to the grantee’s own misconduct. An offer of grant of an
          option under the BFIH Share Option Scheme must be accepted by the date being a date not more than
          30 days after the date of the offer. No amount is payable on acceptance of an option.

          The amount payable for each BFIH share to be subscribed for upon exercise of an option under the BFIH
          Share Option Scheme shall be determined by the board of directors of BFIH in its absolute discretion and
          notified to a BFIH Eligible Person, after having taken into account (among other things) the nominal
          value and then market value of a BFIH share, provided that such amount shall not be lower than the
          nominal value of a BFIH share.

          BFIH has proposed that certain amendments be made to the BFIH Share Option Scheme to take into
          account certain Indian regulatory requirements and to remove certain provisions which would no longer
          be applicable to BFIH due to the recent amendments to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Details of the
          proposed amendments are set out in the Company’s circular dated 1 December 2022, which were
          subsequently approved by the Company’s shareholders on 23 December 2022.

          A summary of movements of the cancelled share options under the BFIH Share Option Scheme is as
          follows:

                                                                  Cancelled
                                                                 during the      Balance at
                                                  Balance at    year ended     31 December                 Exercise
                                                   1 January   31 December        2022 and    Vesting          price
            Date of grant                               2022          2022            2023    period      per share    Exercisable period
                                                                                                                INR

            Granted to certain directors of the   24,000,000    (24,000,000)             –    1–3 years          20    23 December 2022 to
              Company on 23 December 2021                                                                                30 November 2029

            Granted to certain employees          59,110,000    (59,110,000)             –    1–3 years          20    1 December 2022 to
              (other than directors of the                                                                               30 November 2029
              Company) on 1 December 2021
                                                  83,110,000    (83,110,000)             –
            Exercisable at
              31 December 2022 and
              31 December 2023                                                           –



190    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
     (b) Equity-settled share option scheme of BFIH (Continued)
          Pursuant to approvals from the board of directors and the shareholders of BFIH and with the consent of
          the relevant grantees, all of the outstanding share options granted by BFIH have been cancelled with
          effect from 12 June 2022.

          No share options expenses were recognised by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 in
          respect of the BFIH Share Option Scheme (2022: US$9,516,000 in relation to share options granted and
          the subsequent cancellation by BFIH).

          As at 31 December 2023, no share option was outstanding under the BFIH Share Option Scheme. No
          share option was exercisable as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.

     (c) Other share-based payment plan
          On 26 November 2013, the Company adopted a share scheme (the “Former Share Scheme”) for the
          Company to reward, motivate and retain eligible persons. In order to ensure the continuity of a share
          scheme for the Group to attract, reward, motivate and retain the eligible participants which would
          comply with the new requirements of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, pursuant to the approval of the
          Company’s board of directors (the “Board”) on 10 March 2023 and the approval of the Company’s
          shareholders on 19 May 2023, the Company adopted the existing share scheme (the “Existing Share
          Scheme”) and consequentially terminated the Former Share Scheme.

          Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 23 December 2021, the Company offered 7,328,361 ordinary
          shares to a total of two beneficiaries pursuant to the Former Share Scheme of which 7,328,361 ordinary
          shares were granted with lock-up periods up to 10 January 2023 from the grant date. No consideration
          was payable on acceptance of offer of the shares. 7,328,361 ordinary shares were purchased by the
          trustee of the Former Share Scheme from the market in January 2022.

          Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 3 November 2022 and the subsequent finalisation by the
          Bond’s delegate, the Company offered 10,024,204 ordinary shares to a total of two beneficiaries
          pursuant to the Former Share Scheme of which 10,024,204 ordinary shares were granted with lock-up
          periods up to 30 November 2022 from the grant date, i.e. 3 November 2022. No consideration was
          payable on acceptance of offer of the shares. 10,024,204 ordinary shares were purchased by the trustee
          of the Former Share Scheme from the market in November 2022.

          Pursuant to the approval of Board on 10 March 2023 and the subsequent finalisation by the Board’s
          delegate, the Company offered 2,869,153 ordinary shares to a total of two beneficiaries pursuant to
          the Former Share Scheme of which 2,869,153 ordinary shares were granted with lock-up periods up to
          31 March 2023 from the grant date, i.e. 13 March 2023. No consideration was payable on acceptance
          of offer of the shares. 2,869,153 ordinary shares were purchased by the trustee of the Former Share
          Scheme from the market in March 2023.




                                                                             A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   191
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (c) Other share-based payment plan (Continued)
              Pursuant to the approval of Board on 13 September 2023 and the subsequent finalisation by the
              Board’s delegate, the Company offered 1,366,993 ordinary shares to a beneficiary pursuant to the
              Existing Share Scheme of which 1,366,993 ordinary shares were granted with a lock-up period up to 12
              September 2024 from the grant date, i.e. 13 September 2023. No consideration was payable on
              acceptance of offer of the shares. 1,366,993 ordinary shares were purchased by the trustee of the
              Existing Share Scheme from the market in September 2023.

              Pursuant to the approval of Board on 13 September 2023 and the subsequent finalisation by the
              Board’s delegate, the Company offered 1,979,598 ordinary shares to a beneficiary pursuant to the
              Existing Share Scheme of which 1,979,598 ordinary shares were granted with a lock-up period up to 5
              November 2024 from the grant date, i.e. 6 November 2023. No consideration was payable on
              acceptance of offer of the shares. 1,979,598 ordinary shares were purchased by the trustee of the
              Existing Share Scheme from the market in November 2023.

              Equity-settled share-based payments of US$1,291,000 (2022: US$684,000) were recognised during the
              year ended 31 December 2023.

37. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
      The Company has the following principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2023 and 2022:

                                                             Place of                  Issued and
                                                             incorporation or             paid-up
                                        Form of              establishment/         share capital/             Attributable equity
       Name of subsidiary               business structure   operation          registered capital        interest held by the Company          Principal activities
                                                                                                        Directly                Indirectly
                                                                                                     2023        2022        2023          2022

       Chiun Mai Communication          Limited company      Taiwan               NT$750,000,000        –           –    87.06%        87.06% Design and manufacture of
         Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                          handsets

       FIH (Hong Kong) Limited          Limited company      Hong Kong/PRC        HK$155,146,001        –           –      100%          100% Trading of handsets

       FIH Co., Ltd.                    Limited company      Taiwan               NT$218,000,000     100%      100%             –             – Provision of services to group
                                                                                                                                                  companies

       FIH Mexico Industry SA de CV     Limited company      Mexico             MXN2,007,283,685        –           –      100%          100% Manufacture of handsets

       富智康精密組件（北京）有限公司                  Wholly foreign       PRC                   US$68,800,000        –           –      100%          100% Manufacture of handsets
        (FIH Precision Component         owned enterprise
        (BeiJing) Co., Ltd.*)

       宏訊電子工業（杭州）有限公司                   Wholly foreign       PRC                  US$126,800,000        –           –      100%          100% Manufacture of handsets
        (Honxun Electrical Industry      owned enterprise
        (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.)

       深圳富泰宏精密工業有限公司                    Wholly foreign       PRC                  US$184,720,000        –           –      100%          100% Manufacture of handsets
        (Shenzhen Futaihong Precision    owned enterprise
        Industrial Co., Ltd.*)

       S&B Industry, Inc.               Corporation          USA                   US$31,817,356        –           –      100%          100% Repair services

       Success World Holdings Limited   Limited company      Hong Kong          HK$1,049,044,500     100%      100%             –             – Investment holding




192    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


37. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                       Place of                   Issued and
                                                                       incorporation or              paid-up
                                                Form of                establishment/          share capital/              Attributable equity
         Name of subsidiary                     business structure     operation           registered capital         interest held by the Company          Principal activities
                                                                                                                    Directly                Indirectly
                                                                                                                 2023        2022        2023          2022

         富智康（南京）通訊有限公司                          Wholly foreign         PRC                    US$17,500,000         –           –       100%         100% Research and development;
          (FIH (Nan Jing) Communications         owned enterprise                                                                                           sales
          Co., Ltd.)

         BFIH                                   Public company         India               INR23,809,449,800        –           –       100%         100% Manufacture of handsets

         Rising Stars Hi-Tech Private Limited   Limited company        India                INR4,500,000,000        –           –       100%         100% Manufacture of electronic
                                                                                                                                                           products

         Bharat Taiwan Corporation              Limited company        Taiwan                 NT$59,000,000         –           –       100%        100%     Research and development
           台灣躍星股份有限公司

         富泰京精密電子（北京）有限公司                        Wholly foreign         PRC                    US$75,000,000             –           –   100%        100%     Manufacture of handsets
          (Futaijing Precision Electronics       owned enterprise
          (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*)

         富泰京精密電子（煙台）有限公司                        Wholly foreign         PRC                    US$20,000,000             –           –   100%        100%     Manufacture of handsets
          (Futaijing Precision Electronics       owned enterprise
          (Yantai) Co., Ltd.*)

         富智康精密電子（廊坊）有限公司                        Sino-foreign jointly   PRC                   US$475,500,000             –           –   100%        100%     Manufacture of handsets
          (FIH Precision Electronics               owned enterprise
          (Lang Fang) Co., Ltd.)

         衡陽富泰宏精密工業有限公司                          Sino-foreign jointly   PRC                    RMB50,000,000             –           –   100%        100%     Manufacturing, import and
          (Hengyang Futaihong Precision            owned enterprise                                                                                           export
          Industrial Co., Ltd*)

         Fushan Technology (Vietnam)            Limited company        Vietnam            VND1,992,300,000,000          –           –   100%        100%     Manufacture of handset
           Limited Liability Company


     *          for identification purposes only



     No debt security has been issued by any of the subsidiaries at any time during the year or is outstanding at
     the end of the year.

     The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected
     the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other insignificant subsidiaries which are mainly inactive
     or engaged in investment holding would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive
     length.




                                                                                                                             A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3                         193
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                        US$’000          US$’000

      ASSETS
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                     2,296,907         2,250,066
      Other receivables and prepayment                                                    4,266             3,246
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                           –            10,000
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                           7,341             5,735
                                                                                      2,308,514         2,269,047
      LIABILITIES
      Bank borrowings                                                                   583,800           513,800
      Other payables                                                                     10,060             5,681
                                                                                        593,860           519,481
      NET ASSETS                                                                      1,714,654         1,749,566
      CAPITAL AND RESERVES
      Share capital                                                                     316,200           317,550
      Share premium                                                                   1,173,189         1,175,203
      Shares bought-back pending cancellation                                              (714)           (1,170)
      Other reserves                                                                    225,979           257,983
      TOTAL EQUITY                                                                    1,714,654         1,749,566


      Under the Companies Act (Revised) Chapter 25 of the Cayman Islands, the share premium of the Company is
      available for distribution or paying dividends to shareholders subject to the provisions of its memorandum or
      articles of association and provided that immediately following the distribution of dividends, the Company is
      able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. At the end of the reporting period,
      the Company’s reserve available for distribution to shareholders amounted to approximately
      US$1,398,675,000 (2022: US$1,432,016,000), consisted of share premium of approximately
      US$1,173,189,000 (2022: US$1,175,203,000) and retained profits of approximately US$226,200,000 (2022:
      US$257,983,000), less shares bought-back pending cancellation of approximately US$714,000 (2022:
      US$1,170,000).




194    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023


38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
     Movement in reserves

                                                          Shares
                                                         bought-
                                                            back            Share
                                          Share         pending      compensation     Retained
                                       premium       cancellation         reserve       profits       Total
                                        US$’000          US$’000          US$’000      US$’000      US$’000

     Balance at 1 January 2022         1,182,629           (1,170)           513       472,427     1,654,399
     Loss for the year                          –               –              –      (214,444)     (214,444)
     Repurchase of ordinary shares              –        (10,276)              –             –        (10,276)
     Cancellation of ordinary shares       (7,426)        10,276               –             –          2,850
     Payment made for equity-settled
       share-based payment                      –               –          (1,197)            –          (1,197)
     Recognition of equity settle
       share-based payment (note 36)            –               –            684              –            684
     Balance at 31 December 2022       1,175,203           (1,170)              –      257,983     1,432,016
     Loss for the year                         –                –               –       (31,783)     (31,783)
     Repurchase of ordinary shares             –           (2,908)              –             –        (2,908)
     Cancellation of ordinary shares      (2,014)           3,364               –             –         1,350
     Payment made for equity-settled
       share-based payment                      –               –          (1,512)            –          (1,512)
     Recognition of equity settle
       share-based payment (note 36)            –               –           1,291             –          1,291
     Balance at 31 December 2023       1,173,189            (714)            (221)     226,200     1,398,454




                                                                         A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      195
FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                                         For the year ended 31 December
                                                      2019                  2020          2021         2022            2023
                                                (US$’million)        (US$’million) (US$’million) (US$’million) (US$’million)
                                                         (Note)

Results

Revenue                                            14,378.66              8,934.75        8,582.56        9,394.32       6,445.80
(Loss) profit from operations                            32.96             (136.80)          79.04          (30.11)        (39.30)
Interest expenses                                       (37.55)              (12.18)          (8.88)        (29.58)        (60.60)
(Loss) profit before tax                                  (4.59)           (148.98)           70.16         (59.69)        (99.90)
Income tax expense                                      (27.93)              (24.86)         (13.74)        (12.45)        (20.87)
(Loss) profit after tax and before
   non-controlling interests                            (32.52)            (173.84)          56.42          (72.14)       (120.77)
Non-controlling interests                                 (0.11)             (0.10)           (0.09)          0.03           0.09
Net (loss) profit for the year                          (32.63)            (173.94)          56.33          (72.11)       (120.68)


                                                      2019                 2020              2021            2022            2023
                                                (US$’million)        (US$’million)     (US$’million)   (US$’million) (US$’million)

Assets and liabilities

Total assets                                         7,002.52             6,032.07        5,979.69        5,510.29       4,319.44
Total liabilities                                   (4,901.92)           (3,950.00)      (3,812.42)      (3,722.52)     (2,758.06)
Non-controlling interests                                (6.11)               (6.64)          (7.31)          (6.12)        (2.89)
Capital and reserves                                 2,094.49             2,075.43        2,159.96        1,781.65       1,558.49

Note: The financial information for the year 2019 was from continuing operations.




196       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


INTRODUCTION
This corporate governance report is issued as of 7 March 2024.

The Company has adopted the corporate governance compliance manual (the “Manual”) since 15 April 2010, as
amended and supplemented from time to time. The purpose of the Manual is to set out the corporate governance
practices from time to time adopted by the Company and the compliance procedures that apply in specific areas,
with the aim to providing an overview of the requirements of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in
Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules (the “CG Code”) and the related rules set out in the Listing Rules and the SFO
respectively and also setting out certain guidelines for the implementation of corporate governance measures of
the Company.

As an overview, for the purposes of corporate governance enhancements and better compliance with applicable
requirements under the Listing Rules, during the year ended 31 December 2023 (the “year under review”) and up
to the date of this report, the Company has adopted and implemented the following principal documents since 20
December 2023, in addition to the documents referred to in pages 162 and 163 of the Company’s 2023 interim
report as issued and published on 14 September 2023:

•    Overview on Core Corporate Governance Practices, which is accessible on the Company’s website and
     summarizes the overall framework of the Company’s core corporate governance practices, covering (among
     other things) the Manual, the Board committees, accountability and audit as well as the linkage between
     corporate governance and environmental, social and governance (“ESG”).

•    Statements regarding Corporate Communications, which are accessible on the Company’s website and
     provide for (among other things) the scope of the Company’s corporate communications, the means of
     dissemination of such corporate communications and the election by the Company’s shareholders of the
     language and means of receipt of such corporate communications.

•    Corporate Communication and Crisis Reporting Guideline, which serves (among other things) to effectively
     control the release of the Group’s public information, manage participation in external activities and timely
     respond to corporate crisis, ensuring consistent external communications by the Company.

•    Revised Corporate Vision, Values and Mission as more particularly described below in the section headed
     “Corporate Vision, Mission and Values and Alignment with Corporate Culture” of this report.

•    Revised Shareholders Communication Policy as more particularly described below in the section headed
     “Shareholder and Other Key Stakeholder Communications — Communications with Shareholders” of this
     report.

•    Revised, and further revised, Overview on Mechanisms for Independent Views and Inputs available to the
     Board as more particularly described below in the section headed “Overview on Mechanisms for Independent
     Views and Inputs” of this report.

•    Revised form of Independence Confirmation Letter from each of the Company’s independent non-executive
     directors, to the effect that the Letter would be addressed to the Company in place of the Stock Exchange
     due to the recent amendments to applicable requirements under the Listing Rules, together with some
     housekeeping amendments as a matter of interpretation/clarification.

                                                                              A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   197
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•     In the ESG context, the following policies which are accessible on the Company’s website, details of which
      have been set out in the Company’s 2023 environmental, social and governance report (“2023 ESG Report”)
      as issued and published simultaneously upon the issuance and publication of the Company’s 2023 annual
      report incorporating this report:

      (a)   Global Code of Conduct, which serves (among other things) to make CSR (Corporate Social
            Responsibility) and sustainability a part of the Group’s core competencies and to demonstrate the
            Company’s core values of global operations.

      (b)   Responsibility Standards, which serve (among other things) to provide an explicit interpretation of the
            requirements of the aforesaid Global Code of Conduct and are supplemental thereto.

      (c)   Chapter on Employee Human Rights, which provides for (among other things) the beliefs and key
            requirements relating to employee human rights in support of the Company’s core commitment to
            uphold and promote respects for human rights.

CORPORATE VISION, MISSION AND VALUES AND ALIGNMENT WITH
CORPORATE CULTURE
Corporate Vision, Mission and Values
On the basis of the views and recommendations from the corporate governance committee, on 20 December
2023, the Board conducted an ad-hoc review of the Company’s corporate vision, mission and values together with
their alignment with its corporate culture and adopted their revised version, basically to provide for the Company’s
adoption and implementation of its own global code of conduct and other relevant policies; adoption of care,
confidence, determination and integrity as the Group’s common core values; and explicit references to the ESG
Committee and other functional units as designated by the Board to operate and enforce the corresponding
policies, systems and measures. The Company’s corporate vision, mission and values together with their alignment
with its corporate culture mentioned below refer to their latest version as so revised.

In compliance with Paragraph A.1.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code, the Company has adopted and maintained the
following corporate vision, mission and values of the Group to guide the Group and its operations:

Vision:       Creating comprehensive smart living experiences for the Group’s customers across the globe.

Mission:      The Group’s corporate mission focuses on five aspects:

              (i)     Long-term value creation: The Group believes in long-term value creation for its people and its
                      customers to drive long-term sustainable business growth.

              (ii)    Business sustainability: The Group is devoted to establishing a solid and stable foundation for
                      sustainable growth, though stability does not mean that the Group is at a standstill. The Group
                      is ready to embrace change through strategic business planning and execution.

              (iii)   Constant pursuit of improvement: The Group and its employees will always strive to succeed
                      and improve the business to ensure global competitiveness within the industry.

              (iv)    Innovation: The Group is committed to the research and development of emerging
                      technologies, the acquisition and application of new knowledge, and protection of intellectual
                      properties in pursuit of technological and science breakthroughs.


198     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


              (v)     Global perspective: The Group is one of the global industry leaders, and offers its customers
                      advanced, integrated technologies and a strong production scale across its strategic global
                      network.

Values:       The Group operates its business with care, confidence, determination and integrity:

              (i)     Care: The Group cares and respects others and applies these values to its day-to-day operations.

              (ii)    Confidence: The Group always acts with a strong desire to succeed and is confident that it can
                      achieve.

              (iii)   Determination: The Group has an unwavering commitment to deliver against all odds.

              (iv)    Integrity: The Group does what it says with honesty and integrity.

Alignment with Corporate Culture
The Group’s corporate culture is the driving force for achieving its corporate vision, mission and values (forming
part of the Manual), all of which underpin the Group’s long-term success and sustainable performance where the
Group’s shareholders/investors, customers, suppliers, employees and other key stakeholders could benefit in the
shared value of its business success.

To achieve the Group’s vision, mission and values, as well as its long-term success and sustainability as a business
and as an organisation to act lawfully, ethically and responsibly across all levels, the Group upholds a corporate
culture of integrity and management with dignity. The Group expects its directors, officers and employees to
demonstrate high standards of ethical attitudes and behaviours in the Group’s operations and relations with its
stakeholders. In particular, the Group takes care, confidence, determination and integrity as the common core
values of the Group, which are reinforced by the actions and attitudes of its employees to help create economic
growth under the vision of achieving corporate sustainable operation, fulfilling social citizenship responsibilities and
working together with global brand customers to create a comprehensive smart life and enhance human well-
being. The Company’s board of directors (the “Board”) and management lead and shape the Group’s corporate
culture. As the leader of the Company, all directors must understand the Group’s corporate culture. As a tone from
the top, the directors have acted lawfully, ethically and responsibly with integrity, led by example, and promoted
the Group’s corporate culture, with an aim to instilling and continually reinforcing such culture with the Group’s
values of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly, particularly through the Board’s behaviour and attitudes to
continuously influence such culture. The Group’s senior and middle management should support this by setting the
example and conveying the Board’s messages and desired culture to their team members.

The Group’s corporate culture has been reflected consistently, fostered and developed in various policies, systems
and measures implemented and maintained by the Group (including without limitation the Group’s global code of
conduct, the Manual, the anti- corruption code of conduct, the whistle-blowing policies and the system of internal
controls and enterprise risk management (“ERM”)) which are subject to regular review and promoted across the
organisation, as well as reinforced by training and appropriate actions (including disciplinary actions in the event of
serious or repeated unethical acts or improper conducts), in support and furtherance of the Group’s commitment
to high standards of ethical attitudes and behaviours in its business conduct and to ensure good practices across
the organisation. Please also see the section headed “Accountability and Audit” below of this report for more
details about the Group’s governance practices.



                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   199
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board designates the roles and responsibilities for operating and enforcing these policies, systems and
measures, which are functionally designated to, among others, the Board Committees, the Chief Executive Officer,
the Chief Operating Officer (if any), the Chief Financial Officer, the ERM Team, the ESG Committee as well as the
corresponding heads/leaders of other functional units namely human resources, supply chain/procurement services,
legal and compliance, company secretarial services, strategic investments, corporate communications, investor
relations and internal audit departments/divisions. During the year under review, the Company Secretary of the
Company obtained the respective confirmations from such heads/leaders that such policies, systems and measures
have remained, and would remain, consistent with the Company’s corporate vision, mission and values as well as
corporate culture.

To build and develop a better corporate culture, the Board should pay attention to accountability, transparency,
effective communications, open and bilateral dialogues, proactive engagement, provision of training and also hints
of potential cultural weaknesses (e.g. a high rate of staff turnover, a low level of communication/engagement and
a lack of transparency within the Group); implement and maintain measures for assessing and monitoring culture
and its embedding in the organisation; and evaluate the effectiveness of such measures.

During the year under review, the Group organised a series of training initiatives, including without limitation: (1)
training to promote, implement and maintain the Company’s corporate vision, mission and values as well as
corporate culture across the Group at different workforce levels (comprising senior management, middle
management and general staff) to ensure that their behaviours are aligned with the Company’s corporate vision,
mission and values as well as corporate culture; and (2) refresher and update training to reinforce and develop a
stronger culture of compliance, internal controls and ERM within the Group. For details, please refer to
“People-Oriented” and “Performance Data Table — Social Performance — Average training hours” of the
Company’s 2023 ESG Report as issued and published simultaneously upon the issuance and publication of the
Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report.

In order to promote, implement/enhance and maintain the Company’s corporate vision, mission and values as well
as corporate culture on the external front vis-a-vis the Group’s customers, suppliers, shareholders/investors and
other key stakeholders dealing with the Group, the Company has published its corporate vision, mission and values
on its website, and also covered this “Corporate Vision, Mission and Values and Alignment with Corporate
Culture” section in this report.

Also, during the stakeholder engagement exercise in preparation for the Company’s 2023 ESG Report as conducted
in the year under review, an online survey was distributed to certain external and internal stakeholders (including
customers, suppliers, investors, non-governmental organisations, and employees) of the Group to gather
perspectives and suggestions on various ESG issues. The online survey covered a range of topics, including
perceptions of the Company’s corporate vision, mission and values as well as corporate culture. The Group has
received nearly 850 responses from its key stakeholders, focusing specifically on climate, renewable energy,
employee development, and corporate governance issues. The result of the online survey has been analysed by the
Company’s ESG task force team and presented to the Company’s senior management, with consideration of the
next steps for future enhancement.




200    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In addition, the Group is generally committed to fostering an environment of open communications by continuing
to explore more cost-effective communication channels and intervals, such as utilising digital communication
channels like emails and internal communication platforms, as opposed to physical face-to-face interactions.

However, as to the forums available for sharing ideas and concerns on any misconduct or misalignment identified
and how they are being dealt with, the channels available under the Group’s whistle-blowing policies as mentioned
above remain the most appropriate ones where issues/concerns and complaints concerning fraudulent acts,
unethical acts or improper business conduct can be raised through such channels, while whistle-blower identities
are protected without fear of reprisal, victimisation, subsequent discrimination or any other unfavourable prejudice
and all issues/concerns and complaints will be handled confidentially, timely, fairly and professionally by the Group’s
chief internal auditor for further investigation and appropriate follow-up actions.

The Group assesses and monitors its corporate culture on the basis of different specific indicators, including without
limitation: (i) staff turnover rate; (ii) level of communications or engagements across the Board, senior management,
middle management and employees at all levels; and (iii) the level of transparency across the Group. For details
about (i), please refer to the Performance Data Table (Social Performance — Employee turnover rate) of the 2023
ESG Report. For details about (ii) and (iii), please refer to the section headed “Overview on Mechanisms for
Independent Views and Inputs” below of this report.

The Group believes that its success as a business and as an organisation is underpinned by its strong corporate
governance, solid corporate vision, mission and values as well as positive and progressive corporate culture. During
the year under review, the challenging operating environment faced by the Group created a lot of headwinds, and
the Group has expected to continue to operate in an environment riddled with external shocks on a global scale.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Group believes that the Group’s resilience lies in its ability to not only traverse
adverse and challenging conditions but adapt and persist and stay on course. Through the Group’s efforts in
promoting and developing the corporate culture upon the basis of its corporate vision, mission and values
(particularly the values of confidence and determination) in the year under review, the Group has achieved a lower
employee turnover rate for the year under review as compared with that in 2022.

Board’s Evaluations
On the basis of the views and recommendations from the corporate governance committee, the Board will annually
review the Company’s corporate vision, mission and values together with their alignment with its corporate culture
to ensure their implementation and effectiveness. At the meetings held on 7 March 2024, on the basis of the
recommendations from the corporate governance committee as well as the aforesaid confirmations obtained by
the Company Secretary, the Board considered that: (1) the Group’s vision, mission and values as described above
have remained appropriate and effective and relevant to the Company’s needs, and have also reflected both the
then current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practices; (2) the Group’s corporate culture
as described above has remained appropriate and effective as the Group’s desired culture in support and
furtherance of its corporate vision, mission and values; and (3) the Group’s corporate vision, mission and values
have continued to align with the Group’s corporate culture.




                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   201
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


OVERVIEW ON MECHANISMS FOR INDEPENDENT VIEWS AND INPUTS
The Company refers to the mechanisms (the “Mechanisms”) which have been established and operated under
certain existing policies, systems and measures of the Group to ensure that independent views and inputs have
been and will be available to the Board. For the purposes of compliance with Paragraph B.1.4 of Part 2 of the CG
Code, an overview of the Mechanisms (forming part of the Manual) is set out in this report.

On the basis of the views and recommendations from the corporate governance committee: (a) on 10 March 2023,
the Board conducted an annual review of the Mechanisms and adopted the revised Mechanisms, basically to make
some housekeeping amendments to reflect establishment of the ESG Committee, add references to the latest ESG
report in the ESG context, etc.; and (b) on 7 March 2024, the Board conducted an annual review of the
Mechanisms and adopted the further revised Mechanisms, basically to provide for the Company’s adoption and
implementation of its own global code of conduct and other relevant policies; the implementation and monitoring
of the global code of conduct by the ESG Committee, the ESG task force team and other designated functional
departments; and updates on sharing of the relevant information by the internal audit services department. The
Mechanisms mentioned below refer to their latest version as so revised and further revised.

The Mechanisms are highlighted and summarised as follows:

(a) Communications and Independent Elements within the Board
      •     The Company’s board meeting procedures provide (among other things) that: (1) Board meetings are
            held no less frequently than four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals; (2) any director of the
            Company may at any time summon a Board meeting; and (3) any director of the Company may include
            any matter in the agenda for a regular Board meeting.

      •     The Company’s chairman/acting chairman holds a meeting with the Company’s independent non-
            executive directors without the presence of other directors at least once per year. In addition, he should
            encourage directors with different views to voice their concerns and facilitate effective contributions of
            the independent non-executive directors.

      •     The Company’s procedures for seeking independent professional advice sets forth the procedures under
            which a director of the Company can seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances
            at the Company’s expense in the furtherance of his duties as the Company’s director.

      •     Every Board member is entitled to have access to the advice and services of the Company’s company
            secretary.

      •     The Board has a balanced composition of executive and independent non-executive directors so that
            there is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent
            judgement.

      •     The Board members do not have any financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships
            with each other.

      •     The Company’s policies and procedures governing director’s potential/actual conflicts of interests
            provide (among other things) that in relation to any proposed material transaction involving any Group
            member which may give rise to any potential/actual conflicts of interests on the part of a director of the
            Company, such director shall not participate in the discussions relating to such proposed material
            transaction and shall also abstain from voting on the resolutions proposed in respect thereof.



202       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


   •   The independent non-executive directors of the Company provide the Company with the benefit of a
       wide range of their skills, expertise and varied backgrounds and qualifications and brought independent
       judgement on issues of strategic direction, policy, development and performance through their
       contributions at Board meetings and (as appropriate) committee meetings. In this respect, the Board (on
       the basis of the recommendations from the Company’s nomination committee) annually re-assesses the
       independence of each of the Company’s independent non-executive directors.

(b) Communications between the management and the Board
   •   Two members of the Company’s senior management, namely CHEN Hui Chung, John (the Company’s Head
       of Finance and Treasurer) and TAM Kam Wah, Danny (the Company’s Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”)) have
       been invited and participated in Board meetings and Board committee meetings and hence have open
       dialogues and proactive engagements with the Board members in the meetings, so that senior
       management’s views can be brought to the Board’s attention in the decision-making process.

   •   In addition, the CFO has been providing to the Board: (1) a monthly management update (“MMU”)
       covering (among other things) unaudited monthly management accounts; financial highlights covering
       turnover breakdown, sales, profit and loss, segment information; and updates on significant investments
       and projects; (2) at each regular Board meeting, a quarterly business overview and outlook relating to
       the Group (the “Quarterly Business Overview and Outlook”); and (3) in his own capacity and on behalf
       of the management, a bi-annually confirmation on the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s
       system of internal controls and enterprise risk management. Corresponding communication platforms
       have been established and maintained accordingly.

   •   The aforesaid two members of the Company’s senior management regularly discuss with each other the
       Group’s performance and material issues/concerns/difficulties (including any material issues/concerns
       raised to him/them by the Group’s middle management and general staff respectively), and frequently
       participate in the Monthly Business Review (MBR) meetings chaired by the Company’s Chief Executive
       Officer (“CEO”) and attended by the Company’s Business Control Head, during which the Group’s
       business unit heads/managers report to CEO on the operation and performance of their respective
       business units and identify the respective problems, difficulties and risks faced by them, whereas CEO
       critically reviews the same and gives instructions/guidances/recommendations to the respective business
       unit heads/managers on how to rectify the issues and make improvements. In this respect, CFO cum
       senior management reviews the MBR meeting papers, minutes and related materials, and also
       constantly checks with the business unit and functional unit heads/managers as to the latest business
       outlook, the challenges, their respective issues/concerns, etc. and then includes the relevant information
       (in case of appropriate escalation, including any material issues/concerns disclosed by the Group’s
       business unit and functional unit heads/managers) in the MMUs, the Quarterly Business Review and
       Outlook and (as appropriate) the relevant Board meeting agenda items and the corresponding Board
       meeting papers and related presentation materials. Corresponding communication platforms have been
       established and maintained accordingly.

(c) Communications between the management and the employees at all levels
   •   Staff members have the opportunities through different channels (such as routine meetings,
       performance appraisals, town halls, etc.) to raise issues/concerns to their respective supervisors and
       managers, who (in case of appropriate escalation) will report the relevant issues/concerns to senior
       management (direct or through middle management, as the case may be). Please see (b) above
       regarding escalation of the relevant issues/concerns from middle management through senior
       management to the Board, as and when necessary.



                                                                            A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   203
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      •     The Company’s human resources department will continue to explore more cost-effective
            communication channels and intervals, e.g. utilising digital communication channels like emails and
            internal communication platforms, as opposed to physical face-to-face interactions.

      •     In the ESG context, please refer to the Company’s latest ESG report.

(d) Communications between the management and all stakeholders
      •     Similar to the relevant mechanism under the Company’s shareholders communication policy, the
            Company’s company secretary or handling officer of the Company’s investor relations department or
            the Company’s relevant functional owner (as the case may be) will review the enquiries, requests,
            comments or suggestions from the relevant stakeholder and (as appropriate) forward the same: (1) to
            the Board (through the Company’s company secretary, as appropriate) if the same falls within the
            Board’s purview; (2) to the members of the relevant Board committee (through the Company’s
            secretary, as appropriate) if the same falls within such Board committee’s area of responsibility; and (3)
            to the appropriate senior management team members (or their corresponding delegates) if the same
            relates to ordinary business matters.

      •     In the ESG context, please refer to the Company’s latest ESG report.

      (i)   Shareholders/             The Company has formulated and maintained the shareholders
            Investors                 communication policy setting out the framework that the Company has put in
                                      place to maintain and promote effective communication and ongoing
                                      dialogue with its shareholders so as to enable them to engage actively with
                                      the Company through different means of communication and exercise their
                                      rights in the capacity as shareholders in an informed manner. The shareholders
                                      communication policy provides for (among other things) the procedures by
                                      which enquiries, requests, comments or suggestions may be put forward to
                                      the Company, and that the annual general meetings and other general
                                      meetings of the Company are the primary forum for communication with the
                                      shareholders and for the shareholders’ exchange of views and participation in
                                      discussions with the Board. Please also see the above regarding the
                                      mechanism for escalation of the relevant enquiries, requests, comments or
                                      suggestions from any such shareholders to the Board, as and when necessary,
                                      under the Company’s shareholders communication policy.

                                      Moreover, the Company has formulated and maintained the memorandum
                                      on shareholder rights (setting out, among other things, its shareholders’ right
                                      to convene the Company’s extraordinary general meeting and right to add
                                      resolutions to the meeting agenda) as well as the procedures for shareholders
                                      to propose candidates for election as a director of the Company. In particular,
                                      the Company’s company secretary will escalate such requisition or proposal
                                      from any such shareholders to the Board under the Company’s memorandum
                                      on shareholder rights.




204       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                     As to the investment community generally, the Company’s shareholders
                     communication policy provides (among other things) that for the sake of
                     comprehensiveness, the Company may upon invitation have results briefings
                     and one-on-one meetings with analysts and journalists. Please see the above
                     regarding the mechanism for escalation of the relevant enquiries, requests,
                     comments or suggestions from any such analysts and journalists to the Board,
                     as and when necessary.

  (ii)   Employees   On top of the Mechanism under (c) above, the Group is committed to creating
                     a good corporate culture and has established and maintained its whistle-
                     blowing policies and the related procedures which apply to the Group’s key
                     stakeholders (including all current and former directors, officers and other
                     employees (both permanent and temporary); customers; suppliers; joint
                     venture partners; and other business partners) (the “Whistle-blowing Policies
                     and Procedures”). Issues/concerns and complaints concerning fraudulent acts,
                     unethical acts or improper business conduct can be raised through established
                     hotlines and other channels. Whistle-blower identities are protected without
                     fear of reprisal, victimisation, subsequent discrimination or any other
                     unfavourable prejudice. All issues/concerns and complaints will be handled
                     confidentially, timely, fairly and professionally by the Group’s Chief Internal
                     Auditor for further investigation and appropriate follow-up actions. Please see
                     the above regarding the mechanism for escalation of the relevant issues/
                     concerns/complaints from any such key stakeholders to the Board, as and
                     when necessary. The Whistle-blowing Policies and Procedures will be reviewed
                     regularly according to changes to the business and/or regulatory environments
                     and requirements.

                     In addition, as to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-extortion and anti-money-
                     laundering, the Group has implemented and maintained the code of conduct
                     and the code of ethics (including the anti-corruption code of conduct) which
                     apply to its directors, officers and employees by way of policies, rules and
                     principles, administering appropriate and prohibited individual behaviours
                     within the Group.

                     Moreover, the Company has adopted the global code of conduct (the “CoC”)
                     as supplemented by the related responsibility standards, both of which are
                     accessible on the Company’s website under the “ESG — Resources — Policies,
                     Guidelines and Others” section. The CoC sets out the Group’s standards
                     relating to (among other things) ethics and management systems which are
                     highlighted and summarised as follows:

                     •    The ethics standards include (among other things) the protection of
                          identity and non-retaliation which requires that: (1) programs that
                          ensure the confidentiality, anonymity and protection of supplier and
                          employee whistleblowers are to be maintained, unless prohibited by law;
                          (2) anonymous complaints with clear and specific descriptions of person/
                          time/place/event are to be accepted and protected; and (3) the Company
                          should have a communication process for its personnel to be able to
                          raise any concerns without fear of retaliation.


                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   205
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                            •    The standards relating to management systems include (among other
                                 things): (1) training programmes for managers and workers to
                                 implement policies, procedures and improvement objectives, and core
                                 curriculums (such as orientation training and CoC training) should be
                                 arranged for new employees, and employees in service should take at
                                 least two hours of CoC training per year (for details, please see (e)
                                 below); (2) communication with processes for communicating clear and
                                 accurate information about the Company’s policies, performance,
                                 practices and expectations to workers, suppliers and customers; (3)
                                 ongoing processes, including an effective grievance mechanism, to
                                 assess workers’ understanding of and obtain feedback on or violations
                                 against practices and conditions covered by the CoC and to foster
                                 continuous improvement, and also, workers must be given a safe
                                 environment to provide grievance and feedback without fear of reprisal
                                 or retaliation; and (4) a process to communicate the CoC requirements
                                 to suppliers.

                            Compliance with the CoC is implemented and monitored by the Company’s
                            ESG Committee (chaired by CEO), the ESG task force team, the human
                            resources department, the internal audit services department and other
                            relevant functional departments.

                            Furthermore, the Company has adopted the chapter on employee human
                            rights, which is accessible on the Company’s website under the “ESG —
                            Resources — Policies, Guidelines and Others” section. The chapter on
                            employee human rights covers (among other things) the following beliefs and
                            key requirements: (1) provide a variety of effective channels, anonymous ones
                            included, for stakeholders to raise suggestions and appeals or report any
                            violations and ethical concerns; and (2) protect whistleblowers from workplace
                            violence/unlawful infringement.

      (iii) Suppliers       Formal business communications are scheduled and held on a regular basis
                            between the Group’s suppliers and the Company’s sourcing teams as follows:

                            •    Such communications are held in the form of QBR (Quarterly Business
                                 Review) between the parties, usually once in every quarter.

                            •    Key business stakeholders from the Company’s sourcing teams and
                                 suppliers are invited to participate in QBR, including the Company’s
                                 sourcing officer responsible for the commodity and the responsible
                                 supplier representative.

                            •    Subjects covered in QBR usually are near-term business issues, supply
                                 and pricing in the past and coming quarters, performance review,
                                 supplier feedback and any outstanding near or longer term challenges.



206    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                   Also, clear and specific requirements in conducting business with the Group
                   are communicated to all suppliers in legally binding documentation which is
                   required to be signed off between the Group and each of its suppliers and
                   presented in the Group’s supplier qualification process, i.e., only after all
                   required documentation is signed can business start to commence between
                   the Group and its supplier. Anti-corruption covenants and undertakings on
                   the part of supplier as well as ethics audit are included in the following
                   documentation:

                   •    Master Purchase Agreement;

                   •    Supplier’s Undertaking; and

                   •    Supplier SER (Social and Environmental Responsibility) Audit Checklist.

                   The Company’s internal audit services department shares information related
                   to the department (including concepts and cases involving internal controls
                   and enterprise risk management) online through the employee service and
                   mass messaging communication application “iPound” subscribed by all
                   employees of the Group, and provides guidance on information related to this
                   aspect.

                   As mentioned in (ii) above:

                   •    the Whistle-blowing Policies and Procedures apply to suppliers. As such,
                        suppliers are able to raise issues/concerns to the Company pursuant to
                        the Whistle-blowing Policies and Procedures. Please see the above
                        regarding the mechanism for escalation of the relevant issues/concerns
                        from any such suppliers to the Board, as and when necessary.

                   •    the protection of identity and non-retaliation under the Whistle-blowing
                        Policies and Procedures applies to suppliers. As such, the confidentiality
                        and anonymity of supplier whistleblowers is protected.

  (iv) Customers   Formal business communications are scheduled and held on a regular basis
                   between each of the Group’s customers and the Group’s handling business
                   unit project manager facing such customer. As to the Group’s major
                   customers, such communications include (among others) weekly, quarterly
                   and annual business review meetings; regular product review meetings;
                   regular production, sales and quality review meetings; and other ad-hoc
                   meetings when necessary.




                                                             A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   207
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                    Also, the Group has established and maintained customer complaint handling
                                    procedures to respond to product-related and service-related complaints in a
                                    systematic manner. Once the factory/business units receive complaints from
                                    customers, they will verify the complaint information followed by a check on
                                    the production process to investigate into the circumstances underlying and
                                    leading to the complaint. If the complaint is evidenced to be valid, the factory/
                                    business units will propose remedial measures to customers and conduct
                                    performance tracking. After customer complaint cases are closed, the cases
                                    are filed for record tracking and continuous enhancement purposes. Please
                                    see the above regarding the mechanism for escalation of the relevant
                                    complaints from any such customers to the Board, as and when necessary.

                                    In addition, the Group requires (as a prerequisite to the establishment of
                                    business relationship) its customers to strictly enforce high standards of anti-
                                    corruption.

                                    As mentioned in (ii) above:

                                    •     the Whistle-blowing Policies and Procedures apply to customers. As
                                          such, customers are able to raise issues/concerns to the Company
                                          pursuant to the Whistle-blowing Policies and Procedures. Please see the
                                          above regarding the mechanism for escalation of the relevant issues/
                                          concerns from any such customers to the Board, as and when necessary.

                                    •     the protection of identity and non-retaliation under the Whistle-blowing
                                          Policies and Procedures applies to customers. As such, the confidentiality
                                          and anonymity of customer whistleblowers is protected.

      (v)   Community/              The Group embraces a culture of sharing, contributing and giving back to the
            non-governmental        community, and actively participates in social and community-based
            organisations           programmes, including sponsoring and hosting philanthropic activities and
            (NGOs)                  volunteer programmes. Through its participation in such programmes and the
                                    activities carried out thereunder, the Group has established and maintained
                                    ongoing dialogues and engagements with a number of local NGOs. Please see
                                    the above regarding the mechanism for escalation of the relevant enquiries,
                                    requests, comments or suggestions from any such NGOs to the Board, as and
                                    when necessary.

(e) Ongoing training on the Company’s desired behaviours
      •     The Company’s Corporate Vision, Values and Mission (as adopted by the Board on 15 March 2022, as
            amended from time to time) provides (among other things) that the Group’s relevant policies, systems
            and measures are, and would be, promoted across the organisation and particularly the functional
            owners/stakeholders who are the targets/addressees thereunder and reinforced by training.




208       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     •     The Company’s human resources department has been organising and implementing appropriate
           training programmes by e-learning (via the “FoxconnEdu” application) or face-to-face classroom
           learning to the Group’s directors, officers and employees, and would continue to regularly review the
           subject matters and target audience of such training programmes, as and when necessary.

     •     With reference to the CoC, the training programmes include the following: (1) as part of new employee
           orientation, training programmes relating to the CoC, occupational health and safety, and anti-
           corruption; (2) all employees are also inducted with at least two hours of compulsory anti- corruption
           training every year; and (3) all employees in service should also take at least two hours of CoC training
           per year.

     •     In addition to on-job training, the Group also encourages employees’ learning by utilising e-learning
           platform (namely the “FoxconnEdu” application) with more than thousands of training course subjects
           and materials.

On the basis of the views and recommendations from the corporate governance committee, the Board will annually
review the Mechanisms to ensure their implementation and effectiveness. At the meetings held on 10 March 2023
and 7 March 2024 respectively, on the basis of the recommendations from the corporate governance committee as
well as the aforesaid confirmations obtained by the Company Secretary, the Board considered that the Mechanisms
have been implemented and remained effective and that the Mechanisms have remained relevant to the
Company’s needs and reflected both the then current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance
practice.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company has applied and complied with all the code provisions set out in Part 2 of the CG Code during the
year under review.

The code provision contained in Paragraph C.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code provides that the roles of chairman and
chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.

However, Mr. TONG Wen-hsin (“Mr. Tong”), the Company’s former chairman and former executive director, had
resigned from his positions within the Company with effect from 1 January 2017. Upon Mr. Tong’s resignation, the
Company has not been able to comply with the code provision contained in Paragraph C.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG
Code. The reasons for such deviation are set out below.

Since the resignation of Mr. Tong as the chairman of the Company, the Company has been searching for the right
candidate to fill the position of chairman of the Company. However, given the importance of the role, the Board
expects that it may take some time before the Company is able to find a suitable candidate to fulfil the role of
chairman. In light of the tremendous market challenges and the current uncertainties relating to the vacancy of the
chairman role, the Board considered that experienced leadership was of utmost importance and has resolved to
adopt an arrangement by appointing Mr. CHIH Yu Yang (“Mr. Chih”), the current chief executive officer, to act as
the acting chairman with effect from 1 January 2017. Mr. Chih has been the Company’s executive director and
chief executive officer since 28 August 2009 and 26 July 2012, respectively. In these positions, Mr. Chih has
accumulated extensive and in-depth knowledge, experience and network in both the Company and the industry.
The Board believes that this arrangement not only is crucial to the continuation in the Group’s implementation of
business plans and formulation of business strategies, but also serves to avoid unnecessary speculation, confusion
and instability that may be caused to the Group’s shareholders, investors, customers, suppliers and business
partners worldwide, and that the status quo should be maintained when the Group has been facing challenging




                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   209
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


conditions, particularly when the Group had made a consolidated net loss on an annual basis since 2017 until 2020
and recorded a consolidated net profit for 2021 but turned back to a consolidated net loss for 2022 and also the
year under review. Although the arrangement deviates from the relevant code provision, the Board considers that
the arrangement will not impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the management of
the Company. The balance of power and authority is ensured by the operations of the Board which comprises
experienced and high-caliber individuals of diversified perspectives, with whom three being independent non-
executive directors (out of the seven Board members). The Board meets regularly to consider major matters
affecting the operations of the Group and all directors of the Company are properly and promptly briefed on such
matters with adequate, complete and reliable information.

To address the potential corporate governance issues brought by the absence of separation of the roles and in
particular to reduce the potential risk of concentration of power in one individual, the Company has implemented
and maintained a number of internal control measures to highlight the roles of the executive directors (other than
the acting chairman), non-executive directors (including independent non-executive directors) and senior
management of the Company in scrutinising the decision-making processes applicable to certain material matters
of the Group and also monitoring the exercise of power by the acting chairman cum chief executive officer,
including without limitation the internal control measures as more particularly described in pages 173 and 174 of
the Company’s 2020 annual report as issued and published on 20 April 2021.

In light of the above, the Board believes that there have been adequate checks and balances at both the Board
level and the Company’s senior management level, and there has been sufficiently close supervision over the key
operational matters of the Group, notwithstanding that the Company has not been able to comply with the code
provision contained in Paragraph C.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code during the year under review. The Board therefore
considers that the circumstances justify the adoption of the arrangement for the chief executive officer to serve also
as the acting chairman, and considers that this arrangement is currently in the best interests of the Company and
its shareholders as a whole.

In the spirit of better corporate governance, the Board will periodically review the effectiveness of this arrangement
(and introduce further measures, if necessary) and, through the Company’s nomination committee, will endeavour
to find a suitable candidate to assume the duties as the chairman of the Company at the right and appropriate
time, thereby separating the roles of chairman and chief executive as prescribed under the code provision contained
in Paragraph C.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code.

THE BOARD
The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Group’s overall
businesses, strategic decisions and performance.

According to the Manual, the respective responsibilities, accountabilities and contributions of the Board and the
Company’s management have been divided through the adoption of a detailed list of matters reserved specifically
for the decision of the Board as more particularly described in page 173 of the Company’s 2020 annual report as
issued and published on 20 April 2021. Upon the Board’s annual review on 10 March 2023 and 7 March 2024
respectively, the aforesaid list of matters has remained effective and appropriate to the Company’s needs.




210    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject to the foregoing as well as the delegation mechanism and delegation of authority forming part of the
internal control measures as mentioned above, the Board has delegated its powers to the Company’s management
for the daily management and operations of the Group. In addition, the Board has delegated its powers to the
Board committees. The Board has four Board committees, namely the audit committee, the remuneration
committee, the nomination committee and the corporate governance committee, each of which discharges its
functions and duties in accordance with the respective terms of reference with reference to the relevant provisions
under the CG Code.

The Board currently consists of three executive directors, one non-executive director and three independent non-
executive directors.

Executive Directors
CHIH Yu Yang (acting chairman, chief executive officer and chairman of the corporate governance committee)
KUO Wen-Yi (member of the corporate governance committee)
LIN Chia-Yi (also known as Charles LIN) (appointed with effect from 10 March 2023)
MENG Hsiao-Yi (chief operating officer) (resigned with effect from 10 March 2023)

Non-executive Director
CHANG Chuan-Wang (appointed with effect from 29 June 2023)

Independent Non-executive Directors
LAU Siu Ki (chairman of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee respectively)
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN) (appointed with effect from 19 May 2023)
  (member of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee respectively)
CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis) (appointed with effect from 29 June 2023)
  (member of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee respectively)
Daniel Joseph MEHAN (resigned with effect from 29 June 2023)
  (member of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee respectively)
TAO Yun Chih (retired with effect from 19 May 2023)
  (member of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee respectively)

Each of the directors of the Company which were appointed during the current year, namely Mr. LIN Chia-Yi (also
known as Charles LIN), Ms. CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN), Mr. CHANG Chuan-Wang and Mr.
CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis), had obtained on 16 March 2023 (for Mr. Lin), 22 May
2023 (for Ms. Chen), 30 June 2023 (for Mr. Chang) and 30 June 2023 (for Mr. Chiu) the legal advice from a firm
of solicitors qualified to advise on Hong Kong law as regards the requirements under the Listing Rules that were
applicable to him/her as a director of the Company and the possible consequences of making a false declaration or
giving false information to the Stock Exchange. Promptly after having obtained such legal advice, such director had
confirmed that he/she understood his/her obligations as a director of the Company.

The respective biographical details (including, without limitation, gender, age, ethnicity, cultural and educational
background, and professional skills, experience and knowledge) of each director are set out in the section headed
“Profile of Directors and Senior Management” (forming part of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating
this report).

In accordance with the Articles, any director, appointed either to fill a casual vacancy on or as an addition to the
then existing Board, shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting after his/her appointment and shall
then be eligible for re-election at such annual general meeting.



                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    211
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In accordance with the Articles, one-third of the directors for the time being (or, if their number is not three or a
multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not exceeding, one-third) shall retire from office by rotation at
each annual general meeting of the Company, provided that every director shall be subject to retirement by
rotation at an annual general meeting at least once every three years. The directors to retire in the relevant year will
be those who have been longest in office since their last re-election.

The Board members do not have any financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships with each
other. The balanced Board composition (comprising three independent non-executive directors out of a total of
seven Board members) also ensures that strong independence exists across the Board. The biographical details of
the directors as at the date of this report as set out in the section headed “Profile of Directors and Senior
Management” (forming part of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report) demonstrate a
diversity of skills, expertise, experience, qualifications and other perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the
Company’s business.

The Board meets regularly and Board meetings are held at least four times a year to discuss principally the overall
strategies as well as the operational and financial performance of the Group, and (in relation to the first and third
regular Board meetings) to review and approve the Company’s final results and interim results, respectively. At least
fourteen days’ notice (in relation to each regular Board meeting) or a reasonable notice (in relation to any other ad-
hoc Board meeting) is given to all directors and they can include matters for discussion in the agenda. An agenda
and accompanying Board papers are sent to all directors at least three days before the intended date of a Board
meeting. Every Board member is entitled to have access to Board papers and related materials and access to the
advice and services of the company secretary. They can also seek independent professional advice in appropriate
circumstances, at the Company’s expense. If a substantial shareholder or a director has a conflict of interest in a
matter to be considered by the Board which the Board has determined to be material, the matter should be dealt
with by a physical Board meeting (for details about the policies and procedures governing directors’ potential/actual
conflicts of interests, please refer to page 172 of the Company’s 2020 annual report as issued and published on 20
April 2021). The minutes books are kept by the company secretary. Draft and final versions of minutes of the Board
meetings were sent to all directors for their comments and records respectively within a reasonable time after the
meetings. During the year under review, seven Board meetings were held. The meeting attendance of each Board
member is set out in the section headed “Board, Committees and General Meeting” below of this report. In
addition to the Board meetings, the Board dealt with matters by way of circulation and signing of one set of
written resolutions during the year under review.

CHAIRMAN
The chairman is responsible for providing leadership to the Board and for ensuring that directors receive adequate
information in a timely manner and are briefed on issues arising at the Board meetings. He should take the primary
responsibility for ensuring that good corporate governance practices and procedures are established and
appropriate steps are taken to provide effective shareholders’ communication with the Board. In addition, he
should encourage directors with different views to voice their concerns and facilitate effective contributions of the
non-executive directors. On 20 December 2023, Mr. Chih (the Company’s acting chairman) held a meeting with
the independent non-executive directors without the presence of the other executive and non-executive directors.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company entered into a letter of appointment with each of the non-executive directors, namely Mr. CHANG
Chuan-Wang (“Mr. Chang”), Mr. LAU Siu Ki (“Mr. Lau”), Ms. CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN) (“Ms.
Chen”) and Mr. CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis) (“Mr. Chiu”), setting out the terms and
conditions governing his/her appointment and ancillary matters, as amended and supplemented from time to time.




212    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


With reference to the requirement under the Articles regarding directors’ retirement from office by rotation at each
annual general meeting of the Company as mentioned above, it follows that pursuant to the resolution passed by
the Company’s shareholders at an annual general meeting of the Company in relation to the re-election of any one
director of the Company, the current term of such director’s appointment with the Company will commence from
the closing of such annual general meeting, ending upon the conclusion of the relevant annual general meeting of
the Company at which (among other things) such director’s next re-election is considered in accordance with the
Articles.

Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 26 March 2021 and the approval of the Company’s shareholders on 28
May 2021, Mr. Lau, the independent non-executive director of the Company, was re-elected in his capacity for a
term commencing from 28 May 2021 and ending upon the conclusion of the relevant annual general meeting of
the Company at which (among other things) his next re-election is considered in accordance with the Articles,
which meeting is currently scheduled to be held on 22 May 2024. For details, please refer to the section headed
“Proposed Re-election of Mr. Lau Siu Ki as the Company’s Independent Non-executive Director” below of this
report.

Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 10 March 2023 and the approval of the Company’s shareholders on
19 May 2023, Ms. Chen, the independent non-executive director of the Company, was appointed in her capacity
for a term commencing from 19 May 2023 and ending upon the conclusion of the relevant annual general meeting
of the Company at which (among other things) her next re-election is considered in accordance with the Articles.

Also, reference is made to the requirement under the Articles regarding director’s re-appointment at the first
annual general meeting of the Company after his/her appointment either to fill a casual vacancy on or as an
addition to the then existing Board as mentioned above. Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 29 June 2023,
Mr. Chang and Mr. Chiu, the non-executive director and independent non-executive director respectively of the
Company, were appointed in their respective capacities for a term commencing from 29 June 2023 and ending
upon the conclusion of the first annual general meeting of the Company after their appointments at which (among
other things) their re-elections are considered in accordance with the Articles, which meeting is currently scheduled
to be held on 22 May 2024.

During the year under review, the independent non-executive directors provided the Company with the benefit of
a wide range of their skills, expertise and varied backgrounds and qualifications and brought independent
judgement on issues of strategic direction, policy, development and performance through their contributions at
Board meetings and (as appropriate) committee meetings.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
During the year under review and up to the date of this report, the Company has complied with the requirements
under Rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules. The Company has received written annual confirmation
of independence from the three independent non-executive directors, namely Mr. Lau, Ms. Chen and Mr. Chiu.

In this respect, the nomination committee of the Company re-assessed the continued independence of all the
independent non-executive directors in respect of the year under review, and was satisfied (among other things)
that each of Mr. Lau, Ms. Chen and Mr. Chiu had remained independent in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules. On the basis of the recommendation from the nomination committee and up to the date of this
report, the Board is not aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which would cause it to believe that
the continued independence of any of the independent non-executive directors has been impaired. Accordingly,
the Company confirms that it still considers each of the independent non-executive directors to be independent as
of the date of this report. In relation to Mr. Lau who has served the Board for more than nine years, please also see
the section headed “Proposed Re-election of Mr. Lau Siu Ki as the Company’s Independent Non-executive Director”
below of this report.

                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    213
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company’s independent non-executive directors comprise individuals of a diverse range of cultural, educational
and technical backgrounds, coming from Hong Kong and Taiwan and holding academic qualifications from these
jurisdictions, and also, starting from 19 May 2023 on which Ms. Chen was appointed as the Company’s
independent non-executive director, comprise individuals of both genders. They are also equipped with a diverse
range of skills, knowledge, experience and reputation in different industries and professional fields ranging from
corporate governance, corporate finance, financial advisory and management, accounting and auditing, banking
advisory, project finance, sustainability strategies and management, professional developments and risk
management. In addition, their ages diversely range from 53 to 65. For further details, please refer to the section
headed “Profile of Directors and Senior Management” forming part of the Company’s 2023 annual report
incorporating this report.

PROPOSED RE-ELECTION OF MR. LAU SIU KI AS THE COMPANY’S INDEPENDENT
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Long Service
Mr. Lau has served the Board for more than nine years, and subject to retirement and re-election under the Articles
as mentioned above, the current appointment term of Mr. Lau with the Company as an independent non-executive
director will be ending upon the conclusion of the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company at which
(among other things) his next re-election is considered in accordance with the Articles, which meeting is currently
scheduled to be held on 22 May 2024 (the “2024 AGM”).

The proposed re-election of Mr. Lau as the Company’s independent non-executive director at the 2024 AGM had
gone through the following processes at both the Company’s nomination committee and the Board levels:

(a)   Mr. Lau (as the chairman of the nomination committee) had abstained from all the discussions, consideration,
      voting and resolution at the meeting of the nomination committee to consider (among other things) his
      proposed re-election, to the extent of the agenda and related matters regarding his proposed re-election;

(b)   Ms. Chen and Mr. Chiu (as the members of the nomination committee) had balanced Mr. Lau’s history and
      familiarity with the Company’s affairs and management against Mr. Lau’s ability to stay independent and the
      necessity of Board refreshment and succession planning, and according to the Company’s nomination policy
      for directorship (the “Nomination Policy”) and the Company’s board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity
      Policy”) respectively, had then considered Mr. Lau’s proposed re-election with reference to (among other
      things) effective succession planning in place to manage any staggered retirement of the Company’s
      director(s) to ensure Board continuity, and the factors more particularly described below; neither Ms. Chen
      nor Mr. Chiu had raised any issue about the continued independence of Mr. Lau, and had unanimously
      resolved that Mr. Lau had remained independent, and had also recommended Mr. Lau’s proposed re-election
      to the Board for the latter’s consideration;

(c)   Mr. Lau (as a member of the Board) had abstained from all the discussions, consideration, voting and
      resolution at the meeting of the Board to consider (among other things) his proposed re-election, to the
      extent of the agenda and related matters regarding his proposed re-election; and

(d)   the Board (comprising all members other than Mr. Lau) had considered Mr. Lau’s proposed re-election with
      reference to (among other things) the aforesaid succession planning, the factors more particularly described
      below, the aforesaid recommendation from the nomination committee, the Nomination Policy and the Board




214    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      Diversity Policy respectively, and had also balanced Mr. Lau’s history and familiarity with the Company’s affairs
      and management against Mr. Lau’s ability to stay independent and the necessity of Board refreshment and
      succession planning; none of the above Board members had raised any issue about the continued
      independence of Mr. Lau and had unanimously resolved that Mr. Lau had remained independent, and had
      also recommended Mr. Lau’s proposed re-election to the Company’s shareholders for the latter’s
      consideration at the 2024 AGM.

During the above processes, each of the nomination committee and the Board had considered the following
factors:

(a)   Mr. Lau has over 40 years of experience in corporate governance, corporate finance, financial advisory and
      management, accounting and auditing (for further details, please refer to the section headed “Profile of
      Directors and Senior Management” forming part of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this
      report). On the basis of Mr. Lau’s professional background, skill sets, ethics, integrity, reputation and
      experience as well as his diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business
      operations and environment, the industry in which the Company operates as well as the overall business
      culture that the Company needs to maintain in the development and operation of its business, Mr. Lau has
      accumulated in-depth understanding of the Group’s affairs and management, and has been contributing
      objectively and giving independent guidance, views and comments to the Company over the past years. For
      the year under review, Mr. Lau has confirmed no relationship with any directors, senior management
      members, or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company, has not held any executive or
      management role or position within the Group, and has not been involved in the daily operations and
      management of the Group during the years that he has been a director. In view of the foregoing (particularly
      Mr. Lau’s mindset throughout the past years as evidenced by his past performance and conducts), Mr. Lau
      has clearly demonstrated to the Company his willingness and ability to continue to exercise independent
      judgement and to provide objective views and contributions to the Company;

(b) Neither the nomination committee nor the Board is aware or is made aware of: (i) the occurrence of any event
     or circumstance which would cause it to believe that the continued independence of Mr. Lau has been or
     would be impaired; (ii) any evidence that the length of tenure of Mr. Lau has had any adverse impact on his
     continued independence; and (iii) any circumstance that might influence Mr. Lau in effectively exercising his
     judgement independently, in each case in his capacity as the Company’s independent non-executive director
     despite his tenure and his familiarity with the Group’s affairs and management;

(c)   During the year under review, Mr. Lau spent over 25 hours in training which evidences his proactive and on-
      going efforts to keep abreast of updates and new changes for his continuous professional developments, and
      which represents the highest training hours among all the Board members during the year under review. Also,
      Mr. Lau’s directorship experience in other companies listed on the Stock Exchange has enabled him to
      discharge his duties as the Company’s independent non-executive director more effectively as such experience
      has been beneficial in equipping him with accumulative knowledge, familiarity and experience on matters
      such as the latest developments and trends in directors’ duties, Listing Rules requirements, regulatory focus
      and common risks and limitations in management and compliance. In view of the foregoing, Mr. Lau’s
      continuous professional developments when coupled with his other directorship experience have been
      continuously bringing fresh perspectives to the Board, thereby leading to adequate and on-going Board
      refreshment despite Mr. Lau’s tenure and familiarity with the Group’s affairs and management;

(d)   The factors referred to in the section headed “Directorships with Five Other Listed Companies” below of this
      report in relation to Mr. Lau’s continued time commitment and attention to perform his duties as the
      Company’s independent non-executive director; and


                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    215
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(e)   After a comprehensive review of all the above factors, both the nomination committee and the Board (each
      comprising all members other than Mr. Lau) have believed that Mr. Lau possesses the required ethics,
      character, competence, integrity, reputation and experience to continue fulfilling his role as the independent
      non-executive director of the Company, and his continued tenure will continue to bring valuable insights,
      advices, expertise, independent views and fresh perspectives to the Board.

Directorships with Five Other Listed Companies
As disclosed in the section headed “Profile of Directors and Senior Management” forming part of the Company’s
2023 annual report incorporating this report, as at the date of this report, Mr. Lau holds the position of
independent non-executive director in five other companies, the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange.
In this respect, Mr. Lau has confirmed to the Company that he does not have a present intent to take up any
additional directorship with any other company, the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong
Kong or overseas.

Both the nomination committee and the Board have considered that Mr. Lau has, throughout the period during
which he has been acting as an independent non-executive director of the Company, demonstrated that he has
been, and will continue to be, able to devote sufficient time to the Board after having taken into account a variety
of considerations, including without limitation the following: (i) given all the above-mentioned directorships are of
an independent non-executive nature and do not require Mr. Lau to devote his full time and attention to the day-
to-day operation and management of those companies; (ii) Mr. Lau is a competent professional and good at time
management who has sound knowledge and skills to efficiently handle six or more companies’ directorships, and
since his appointment as a director of the Company in December 2004, Mr. Lau has demonstrated outstanding
time management, planning and organisation skills with the help of sufficient staff support despite overlapping of
financial year-end and peak seasons for listed companies, and also, during the year under review, he spent over 25
hours in training to effectively facilitate the performance of his appointments; (iii) Mr. Lau has a proven track record
of ability and commitment to manage and allocate sufficient time for matters relating to the Group from time to
time handled by the Board and/or the Board committees chaired by Mr. Lau (the “Group Matters”), as evidenced
by his full attendance at a total of seven meetings of the Board (out of seven in the year under review), six meetings
of the audit committee (out of six in the year under review), two meetings of the nomination committee (out of
two in the year under review), three meetings of the remuneration committee (out of three in the year under
review), one meeting with the Company’s acting chairman and other independent non-executive directors (out of
one in the year under review) and one meeting of the Company’s shareholders (out of one in the year under
review); and (iv) at the request of the Company, Mr. Lau provides an annual confirmation that he has devoted
sufficient time and attention to the Group Matters for the year under review and will continue to do so, and in
particular, Mr. Lau has disclosed to the Company: (a) the number and nature of offices held by him in public
companies, organisations and other significant commitments as more particularly described in his biographical
details; (b) the identity of the said companies and organisations; and (c) an indication of time involved in each of
such offices, and Mr. Lau will also notify the Company of any change of such information in a timely manner.
Further, the Board is of the view that Mr. Lau’s directorship experience in other companies listed on the Stock
Exchange would enable him to discharge his duties as an independent non-executive director of the Company
more effectively as such experience is beneficial in equipping him with accumulative knowledge, familiarity and
experience on matters such as the latest developments and trends in directors’ duties, Listing Rules requirements,
regulatory focus and common risks and limitations in management and compliance. The Board will continue to
maintain regular communications with Mr. Lau and re-assess Mr. Lau’s ability to devote sufficient time to the
Group Matters and discussions and deliberations at the Board level on an on-going basis.




216    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Vanessa WONG Kin Yan has been the company secretary of the Company since June 2017. She has over 27
years of extensive working experience in company secretarial and corporate governance matters. She is a Fellow
member (being the highest membership status) of both CGI (The Chartered Governance Institute, formerly known
as The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) and HKCGI (The Hong Kong Chartered Governance
Institute, formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries). Ms. Wong is a full-time employee
of the Company and has been supporting the Board (among other things) for ensuring that Board procedures are
followed and Board activities are efficiently and effectively conducted. These objectives are achieved through
adherence to proper Board processes and timely preparation and dissemination to directors comprehensive Board
meeting agendas and papers. During the year under review, Ms. Wong undertook over 15 hours of relevant
professional training to update her skills and knowledge.

DIRECTORS’ CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
According to Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules, prior to appointment, every intending director of the Company is
provided with a briefing and training provided by the Company’s professional legal advisers which are qualified to
advise on Hong Kong law to ensure that he/she is fully aware of and understands the requirements (including
without limitation the duties, roles, responsibilities and obligations as a director of a Hong Kong-listed company)
under the Listing Rules and other applicable legal and regulatory requirements that are applicable to him/her as a
director of the Company and the possible consequences of making a false declaration or giving false information to
the Stock Exchange. Such briefing and training are provided at the Company’s expense. The intending director also
receives a comprehensive, formal and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her appointment, so as to
ensure that he/she has an appropriate understanding of the Group’s operations and businesses, including without
limitation applicable legal, regulatory and related compliance requirements; corporate structure; Board and Board
committee meeting procedures; shareholders communications; internal control and enterprise risk management
systems and related processes; corporate governance practices; and securities dealing.

The Company from time to time provides briefings, training sessions and materials to the directors to develop and
refresh their knowledge and skills, including updates on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and
other applicable legal and regulatory requirements to enhance their awareness and understanding of the same.

During the year under review, all directors had participated in appropriate continuous professional development
activities through different means as appropriate, including but not limited to attending briefings and/or training
sessions and/or reading materials relating to a variety of subject matters such as the Group’s business operations,
general economy and geopolitics, manufacturing or technology or handset industry and dynamics, directors’ duties
and responsibilities, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. In particular, all directors had attended the
following training sessions: (a) a training on crisis management as provided by the Company’s chief internal auditor;
(b) training sessions to refresh (among other things) directors’ duties, directors’ conflicts of interests with reference
to the Company’s Policies and Procedures governing Directors’ Actual/Potential Conflicts of Interests (as more
particularly described in page 172 of the Company’s 2020 annual report as issued and published on 20 April 2021)
as well as recent legal and regulatory updates (covering, among other things, the Stock Exchange’s Snapshot of
INEDs’ Roles and Responsibilities) as provided by the Company’s Hong Kong external counsel; (c) a training on ESG
reporting and trends as provided by the Company’s Hong Kong ESG consultant; and (d) the Company’s online
training sessions to refresh (among other things) the requirements of the Company’s Global Code of Conduct and
Anti-corruption Code of Conduct respectively.




                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     217
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The company secretary of the Company is responsible for keeping the records of training taken by the directors.
According to the records kept by the Company, the directors attended the following continuous professional
development activities during the year under review:

                                                                                                      Type(s) of
                                                                                                     continuous
                                                                                                    professional
                                                                                                   development
 Name of director                                                                                      activities

 CHIH Yu Yang                                                                                                 A, B
 KUO Wen-Yi                                                                                                   A, B
 LIN Chia-Yi (also known as Charles LIN) (appointed with effect from 10 March 2023)                           A, B
 MENG Hsiao-Yi (resigned with effect from 10 March 2023)                                                      A, B
 CHANG Chuan-Wang (appointed with effect from 29 June 2023)                                                   A, B
 LAU Siu Ki                                                                                                   A, B
 CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN) (appointed with effect from 19 May 2023)                           A, B
 CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis) (appointed with effect from 29 June 2023)                A, B
 Daniel Joseph MEHAN (resigned with effect from 29 June 2023)                                                 A, B
 TAO Yun Chih (retired with effect from 19 May 2023)                                                          A, B

A:    Attending briefing(s) and/or training session(s)
B:    Reading articles, journals, newspapers and/or other materials


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established and maintained an audit committee with written terms of reference by reference to
the code provisions of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the audit committee are accessible on the websites
of the Stock Exchange and the Company respectively.

The audit committee now consists of three independent non-executive directors. The members are:

LAU Siu Ki (chairman of the audit committee)
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN) (appointed with effect from 19 May 2023)
CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis) (appointed with effect from 29 June 2023)

The principal duties of the audit committee are to review the Group’s financial reporting and accounting policies
and practices as well as financial controls, internal control and enterprise risk management systems and provide
advice and comments to the Board. It also makes recommendations on the appointment, re-appointment and
removal of external auditor, and approves the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor. It
also reviews and monitors the external auditor’s independence and objectivity as well as the effectiveness of the
audit process. Please see the section headed “Accountability and Audit” below of this report for more details.

In particular, the Company has complied with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules, which requires that at least one of the
members of the audit committee (which must comprise a minimum of three members with non-executive directors
only and must be chaired by an independent non-executive director) is an independent non-executive director who
possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

The audit committee shall meet at least twice a year. Also, at least once a year the audit committee shall meet with
the external auditor without any members of management of the Company present. During the year under review,



218     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


the audit committee held a total of six meetings with the external auditor, including two meetings with the external
auditor without the presence of any members of management of the Company. Six audit committee meetings
were held during the year under review and the meeting attendance of each member of the audit committee is set
out in the section headed “Board, Committees and General Meeting” below of this report. In particular, the
committee meetings served (among other things) (i) to review the unaudited interim financial statements and
report and the audited full-year financial statements and report together with the related management
representation letters, (ii) to review and approve the external auditor’s engagement letters, (iii) to review and
approve the internal audit plan of the Group, (iv) to review the Group’s system of enterprise risk management and
internal controls and the effectiveness of the Group’s internal audit function, (v) to review the Group’s relevant
continuing connected transactions, (vi) to initiate the Company’s Preapproval Policies and Procedures relating to
Independent Auditor’s Non-Assurance Services, as well as to make recommendations to the Board on the relevant
matters. In relation to the non-audit services provided by the external auditor during the year under review and up
to the date of this report, the audit committee had reviewed such non-audit services approved by the Company’s
Chief Financial Officer pursuant to the Company’s Preapproval Policies and Procedures relating to Independent
Auditor’s Non-Assurance Services, and had also confirmed the independence of the external auditor which had not
been impaired by its provision of such non-audit services.

Also, please see the section headed “Accountability and Audit” below of this report for a summary of the relevant
work of the audit committee during the year under review and up to the date of this report.

Full minutes of the meetings of the audit committee are kept by the company secretary. Draft and final versions of
minutes of the meetings of the audit committee were sent to all members of the committee for their comments
and records respectively within a reasonable time after the meetings.

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established and maintained a remuneration committee with written terms of reference by
reference to the code provisions of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the remuneration committee are
accessible on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company respectively.

The remuneration committee now consists of three independent non-executive directors. The members are:

LAU Siu Ki (chairman of the remuneration committee)
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN) (appointed with effect from 19 May 2023)
CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis) (appointed with effect from 29 June 2023)

The principal duties of the remuneration committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the policy and
structure for the remuneration of the directors and senior management, to consider and review the remuneration
of the directors and senior management by reference to corporate goals and objectives, and to make
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of the directors and senior management.

The remuneration committee shall meet at least once a year (as necessary). During the year under review, three
remuneration committee meetings were held and the meeting attendance of each member of the remuneration
committee is set out in the section headed “Board, Committees and General Meeting” below of this report. In
addition to the committee meetings, the remuneration committee also dealt with matters once by way of
circulation and signing of written resolutions during the year under review. In particular, the committee meetings



                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   219
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


and the written resolutions served (among other things) to review the proposed 2023 share grants under the
Former Share Scheme and the Existing Share Scheme respectively, the annual expenses allowances to directors, the
annual remuneration packages of directors and senior management, the proposed adoption of the Existing Share
Option Scheme and the Existing Share Scheme and consequential termination of the Former Share Option Scheme
and the Former Share Scheme, the proposed appointment of new executive director, new non-executive director
and new independent non-executive directors together with the related appointment letters, the non-executive
director’s proposed remuneration together with the related supplemental appointment letter, the 2023
remuneration packages for directors and senior management, and certain revised documents relating to the
Existing Share Scheme and the Existing Share Option Scheme, as well as to make recommendations to the Board
on the relevant matters.

Full minutes of the meetings of the remuneration committee are kept by the company secretary. Draft and final
versions of minutes of the meetings of the remuneration committee were sent to all members of the committee for
their comments and records respectively within a reasonable time after the meetings.

Details of the remuneration paid/payable to the directors of the Company during the year under review are set out
in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements and “Report of the Directors” above, respectively, both forming
part of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report.

In relation to the aforesaid proposed 2023 share grants under the Former Share Scheme, the remuneration
committee considered the following facts before recommending the proposed share grants to the Board:

(a)   the shorter lock-up period (less than one month) applicable to the proposed share grants was in line with the
      Company’s remuneration policies in force for time being as advised by the Company’s human resources
      department which have been in force since 2013 when the Former Share Scheme was adopted (which is long
      before the Existing Chapter 17 has become effective on 1 January 2023). In this respect, the remuneration
      committee was of the view that such shorter lock-up period was appropriate in the circumstances as a timely
      recognition of the achievements and contributions made by the proposed grantees, having also taken into
      consideration, among others, (1) the base and other form of remuneration available to the proposed
      grantees; and (2) factors affecting the Group’s business performance which might be beyond their control or
      otherwise irrelevant to their individual contributions; and

(b)   the remuneration committee was of the view that following past practice since 2013 when the Former Share
      Scheme was adopted, the proposed share grants would be made unconditionally without any performance
      targets nor clawback mechanism; that said, the proposed share grants were aligned with the purposes of the
      Former Share Scheme by recognising the achievements and contributions made by the proposed grantees
      and by giving incentives to reward, motivate and retain them for the purposes of the Group’s future
      development, expansion and long-term success.

For the sake of completeness, the proposed 2023 share grants under the Existing Share Scheme during the year
under review have been subject to (among other things) a lock-up period of one year, achievement of satisfactory
performance targets and clawback mechanism. For details, please see the Company’s announcements dated 13
September 2023 and 6 November 2023 respectively.




220    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Directors’ Remuneration Policy
On 23 December 2022, the Company adopted the Directors’ Remuneration Policy, forming part of the Manual (this
“Policy”) which sets out consistently-applied remuneration structures to remunerate the Company’s directors (the
“Directors”), comprising executive directors (the “Executive Directors”) and non-executive directors including
independent non-executive directors (the “Non-Executive Directors”), equitably and competitively at an appropriate
(but not excessive) level, thereby enabling the Company to attract and retain high-caliber executive talents of
diversified perspectives for their commitment to the Company as a sustainable Board and also to motivate the
Directors to implement and materialise the Company’s business strategies, financial goals and corporate
developments which could ultimately create long-term values for the Company’s shareholders and other key
stakeholders, in a manner consistent with the Company’s core business and leadership values.

1.   Underlying Procedures and Measures


     The procedures for devising and implementing this Policy are summarised as follows:

     (1)   this Policy is first prepared and subsequently reviewed and revised (please also see Section 6 below) by
           the Company’s remuneration committee on the basis of (among other things) the following:

           (a)   applicable requirements under the Listing Rules;

           (b)   the prevailing market practices and remuneration levels and trends in the market at the relevant
                 time, including without limitation the results of the benchmarking referred to in Section 3 below
                 as conducted with comparable remuneration structures and levels adopted by the Benchmarking
                 Group (as defined in Section 3 below); and

           (c)   in relation to the remuneration proposals for the Executive Directors, prior consultation with the
                 Company’s Chairman or Acting Chairman (as the case may be) and/or Chief Executive Officer; and

     (2)   with reference to the remuneration committee’s recommendations, the Board considers and (if thought
           fit) adopts and implements this Policy and its subsequent review and revision (please also see Section 6
           below).

     To avoid any potential/actual conflicts of interests, the following measures have been adopted in respect of
     the implementation of this Policy and its subsequent review and revision:

     (a)   the remuneration committee must at all times be chaired by an independent Non-Executive Director,
           and comprise a majority of independent Non-Executive Directors;

     (b)   the Executive Directors (at the Board level) should review and adopt this Policy (and any subsequent
           amendments thereto) only to the extent of the general provisions applicable to all the Directors as well
           as those portions relating to the Non-Executive Directors; and

     (c)   the Non-Executive Directors (at the Board level) should review and adopt this Policy (and any subsequent
           amendments thereto) only to the extent of the general provisions applicable to all the Directors as well
           as those portions relating to the Executive Directors.



                                                                               A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   221
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      The procedures for determining and fixing the Directors’ annual remuneration are summarised as follows:

      (i)     the Company’s shareholders authorise the Board to fix the remuneration of each Director proposed to
              be re-elected at each annual general meeting of the Company;

      (ii)    the remuneration committee considers the respective annual remuneration of the Directors (as regards
              the annual remuneration of each independent Non-Executive Director, his/her annual remuneration shall
              be determined by the other members of the remuneration committee) and then recommends the same
              to the Board;

      (iii)   with reference to the remuneration committee’s recommendations, the Board considers and (if thought
              fit) approves the respective annual remuneration of the Directors (in this respect, no Director should be
              involved in considering and deciding his/her own annual remuneration); and

      (iv)    the annual remuneration of each Director is disclosed in the Company’s corresponding annual report
              (incorporating its consolidated financial statements).

2.    Remuneration Principles


      A summary of the Company’s general remuneration principles (which also apply to the Directors’
      remuneration) is set out as follows:

      Transparency                             Remuneration arrangements should be transparent and promote
                                               effective engagements with the Company’s shareholders and other key
                                               stakeholders.

      Alignment with corporate culture Remuneration should drive behaviours consistent with the Company’s
                                       corporate vision, values and mission as well as desired corporate
                                       culture.

      Merit-based reward                       Remuneration must reinforce the Company’s merit-based culture and
                                               philosophy at all levels within the organisation.

      Competitiveness                          Remuneration is competitive against the comparable market and is set
                                               in a manner to attract, motivate and retain expert leaders and highly
                                               qualified executives.

      Long-term value creation                 Targets triggering any variable remuneration are in the long-term
                                               interests of the Company and its shareholders and other key
                                               stakeholders.

      Compliance                               The Company’s remuneration policies and proposals are devised and
                                               implemented in compliance with applicable requirements under the
                                               Listing Rules and (as appropriate) other applicable laws and regulations.

      Risk prudence                            Remuneration arrangements should avoid or at least mitigate any
                                               reputational risks that may arise from excessive rewards, and also any
                                               behavioural risks that may arise from target-based incentive proposals.




222      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


3.   Remuneration Benchmarking


     While continuously monitoring the prevailing market practices and remuneration levels and trends in the
     market at the relevant time, the Company benchmarks the Directors’ remuneration against the Benchmarking
     Group (as defined in this Section 3) at least on an annual basis.

     The Company’s Human Resources Department assists the remuneration committee in identifying and
     updating a benchmarking group that best serves directors’ (or comparable role/title’s) remuneration
     comparisons with the Company in terms of business, operational scale, revenue, market capitalisation as well
     as corporate culture and values (the “Benchmarking Group”), including without limitation companies with
     global manufacturing operations in the handset industry; and the Hon Hai Technology Group to which the
     Company belongs (comprising Hon Hai and its subsidiaries and associates other than the Group).

4.   Overview on Remuneration Components


     (A)   Remuneration of Executive Directors

           The remuneration structure for the Executive Directors comprises a fixed component as well as short-
           term and long-term variable components, which could promote the alignment between the interests of
           the Company and those of the Executive Directors in both the short and long terms, taking into account
           (among other things) each Executive Director’s individual performance, achievements and contributions
           vis-à-vis the Company’s operation results, financial performance and business objectives.

           The Executive Directors’ remuneration consists of the following primary components:

Component               Objective(s)                        Description

Basic salary and (if    To provide competitive fixed        •    As to each Executive Director, basic salary is normally
any) allowance(s) (as   remuneration that attracts,              determined with reference to (among other things) the
fixed component)        motivates and retains the high-          following:
                        caliber Executive Directors,
                        and also corresponds to their            (a)   his/her duties, responsibilities and experience in
                        duties, responsibilities and                   relation to his/her performance of the Company’s day-
                        experience in relation to his/her              to-day activities and employment conditions of the
                        performance of the Company’s                   Company; and
                        day-to-day activities.
                                                                 (b)   the prevailing market practices and remuneration
                                                                       levels and trends in the market at the relevant
                                                                       time, including without limitation the results of
                                                                       the benchmarking referred to in Section 3 above
                                                                       as conducted with comparable basic salaries (if
                                                                       applicable, together with allowances) paid to executive
                                                                       directors belonging to the Benchmarking Group.




                                                                                      A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3      223
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Component               Objective(s)                       Description

                                                           •    Basic salary is usually reviewed on an annual basis.

                                                           •    Basic salary is not linked to any performance target.

                                                           •    There is no prescribed maximum basic salary nor automatic/
                                                                guaranteed basic salary increment periodically/annually.

                                                           •    Where appropriate, an annual expenses allowance may be
                                                                payable to the relevant Executive Director in such amount
                                                                determined by the Board from time to time in its absolute
                                                                discretion, mainly depending on the individual needs and
                                                                other relevant circumstances of such Executive Director.

Performance-based       •    To focus on and drive the     •    As to the relevant period, the short-term bonus is normally
bonus (short-term            business priorities for the        based on (among other things) the following:
incentive as variable        current year.
component)                                                      (a)   the Company’s consolidated financial results and overall
                        •    To motivate the Executive                performance;
                             Directors to achieve
                             performance targets                (b)   the relevant Executive Director’s individual performance
                             that are critical to the                 in terms of his/her pre-determined key performance
                             Company’s business                       indicators (KPI);
                             strategies and financial
                             goals over the relevant            (c)   the prevailing market practices and remuneration
                             period.                                  levels and trends in the market at the relevant time,
                                                                      taking into account (among other things) the results
                                                                      of the benchmarking referred to in Section 3 above as
                                                                      conducted with comparable short-term performance-
                                                                      based bonuses paid to executive directors belonging to
                                                                      the Benchmarking Group;

                                                                (d)   if applicable, the achievement of specific short-term
                                                                      targets assigned to the relevant Executive Director;

                                                                (e)   if applicable, the attainment of certain short-term
                                                                      financial and/or other objectives set for the relevant
                                                                      Executive Director; and

                                                                (f)   if applicable, the achievements and contributions of
                                                                      the business unit(s) and/or functional department(s) for
                                                                      which the relevant Executive Director is responsible.

                                                           •    The short-term bonus is usually paid in cash.



224     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Component                 Objective(s)                       Description

Performance-based         •    To drive and reward value     •    As to the relevant period, the long-term bonus is normally
bonus, including share-        creation over a longer             based on (among other things) the following:
based payments (long-          period.
term incentive as                                                 (a)   the pre-determined performance targets set for the
variable component)       •    To align with objectives of              relevant Executive Director vis-à-vis the Company’s
                               the Company’s shareholders               long-term business strategies and financial goals,
                               through acquisition of                   which should be measured over a period of three
                               interests in the Company’s               years;
                               shares.
                                                                  (b)   the profit/loss and balance sheet indicators and rolling
                                                                        operating profit/loss of the Company; and

                                                                  (c)   the prevailing market practices and remuneration
                                                                        levels and trends in the market at the relevant time,
                                                                        taking into account (among other things) the results
                                                                        of the benchmarking referred to in Section 3 above as
                                                                        conducted with comparable long-term performance-
                                                                        based bonuses paid to executive directors belonging
                                                                        to the Benchmarking Group.

                                                             •    The Company’s Human Resources Department assists the
                                                                  remuneration committee in determining and monitoring the
                                                                  performance targets and the measurement thereof for the
                                                                  relevant period in respect of the relevant Executive Director.

                                                             •    The long-term bonus is normally paid in the form of share-
                                                                  based payments pursuant to the Company’s share scheme
                                                                  and/or share option scheme as adopted from time to time
                                                                  (collectively, the “Long-Term Incentive Schemes”), pursuant
                                                                  to which (among other things) the Board may in its absolute
                                                                  discretion offer grants of awards and/or options over the
                                                                  Company’s shares to the relevant Executive Director subject
                                                                  to any applicable vesting period(s) and/or lock-up period(s)
                                                                  upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out
                                                                  therein.

             With reference to the remuneration committee’s recommendations, the Board may adapt the above
             remuneration structure (with appropriate adjustments/amendments) as the remuneration structure for
             the Company’s senior management.




                                                                                       A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3       225
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      (B)   Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors

            The remuneration of each Non-Executive Director is fixed with no variable component, and the fixed
            remuneration in the form of an annual fee is normally based on (among other things) the following:

            (1)   his/her duties and responsibilities as well as time commitment;

            (2)   his/her achievements and contributions to the Company; and

            (3)   the prevailing market practices and remuneration levels and trends in the market at the relevant
                  time, taking into account (among other things) the results of the benchmarking referred to in
                  Section 3 above as conducted with comparable fees and/or allowances paid to non-executive
                  directors and/or independent non-executive directors belonging to the Benchmarking Group.

      In addition, a fixed annual allowance is given for each chairmanship on the relevant committee of the Board,
      and is normally based on (among other things) the foregoing.

      According to Paragraph E.1.9 (as a recommended best practice) of Part 2 of the CG Code, issuers generally
      should not grant equity-based remuneration (e.g. share options or grants) with performance-related elements
      to independent non-executive directors as this may lead to bias in their decision-making and compromise
      their objectivity and independence. In line with this, the independent Non-Executive Directors are not eligible
      to participate in any one or more of the Long-Term Incentive Schemes and other incentive programs/plans
      adopted by the Company from time to time, nor to receive any fringe benefits from the Company, so that
      their objectivity and independence may not be affected.

5.    Derogation


      The Board may, upon the remuneration committee’s recommendations, deviate from any aspect of this Policy
      on a case-by-case basis only if exceptional circumstances could justify such deviation, provided that any
      proposed deviation from this Policy shall be aligned with the objective of this Policy as aforesaid, applying a
      consistent approach.

      Exceptional circumstances are circumstances in which a deviation from this Policy is, in the Board’s opinion,
      necessary to serve the long-term prospects and sustainability of the Company, including without limitation
      any proposed payment of above-market levels of remuneration to retain a Director or secure an individual
      who is considered by the Board to have outstanding expertise and experience that are critical to the
      attainment of the Company’s business objectives and financial goals; and material changes in the Company’s
      structure, organisation, ownership and operations (for example, merger, takeover, acquisition, etc.) triggering
      exceptional short-term and long-term incentive awards to any one or more of the Directors.

6.    Annual Review


      On the basis of the views and recommendations from the remuneration committee, the Board will annually
      review this Policy to ensure its implementation and effectiveness. At the meeting held on 7 March 2024, on
      the basis of the recommendations from the remuneration committee, the Board considered that this Policy
      has been implemented and remained effective and that this Policy has remained relevant to the Company’s
      needs and reflected both the then current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice.




226     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established and maintained a nomination committee with written terms of reference together
with the nomination policy for directorship (the “Nomination Policy”) as well as the board diversity policy (the
“Board Diversity Policy”), both policies forming part of the Manual, by reference to the code provisions of the CG
Code. The terms of reference of the nomination committee are accessible on the websites of the Stock Exchange
and the Company respectively.

The nomination committee now consists of three independent non-executive directors. The members are:

LAU Siu Ki (chairman of the nomination committee)
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN) (appointed with effect from 19 May 2023)
CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis) (appointed with effect from 29 June 2023)

The principal duties of the nomination committee include:

•    reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board annually and make recommendations on any
     proposed changes;

•    making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of the directors and
     succession planning for the directors, in particular the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer
     of the Company;

•    assessing the independence of the independent non-executive directors;

•    identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and selecting or making recommendations
     to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships in accordance with the Nomination
     Policy and the Board Diversity Policy; and

•    together with the corporate governance committee, reviewing each of the Nomination Policy and the Board
     Diversity Policy (as appropriate) to ensure its effectiveness, relevance to the Company’s needs and alignment
     with the then current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice, and discussing any
     proposed changes to the then existing Policy for recommendation to the Board for consideration.

Nomination Policy
On 22 March 2012, the Company adopted the Nomination Policy, as amended and supplemented from time to
time. The Nomination Policy aims at setting out (among other things) the process for the nomination of directorship
candidates by a director or shareholder of the Company, the information collection and candidate selection process
of the nomination committee, criteria which the nomination committee would consider and details on the
nomination procedures for appointment and re-appointment of director(s) of the Company, in order to facilitate
the constitution of the Board with a balance of skills, knowledge, ability, experience and diversity of perspectives
that is appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business operations and environment as well as the
industry in which the Company operates. The Nomination Policy supplements the terms of reference of the
nomination committee.




                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   227
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Further to the requirements under the Articles applicable to the nomination of directorship candidates by a director
or shareholder of the Company, the nomination committee shall take into account a variety of considerations in
assessing and evaluating whether a candidate is suitably qualified to be appointed as a director of the Company
before making recommendations to the Board. The main considerations are summarised as follows:

•     the candidate’s qualifications, skills, knowledge, ability and experience, with reference to the corresponding
      professional knowledge and industry experience that may be relevant to the Company and also the potential
      contributions that such candidate could bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, experience,
      independence and gender diversity;

•     the candidate’s potential time commitment and attention to perform director’s duties under common law,
      legislation and applicable rules and regulations (including without limitation the Listing Rules);

•     the candidate’s personal ethics, integrity and reputation (including without limitation to conduct appropriate
      background checks and other verification processes against such candidate), which would be important to
      the overall business culture that the Company would need to maintain in the development and operation of
      its business;

•     the then current structure, size and composition of the Board and the Company’s corporate strategy with
      reference to the Board Diversity Policy, with due regard for the benefits of the appropriate diversity of
      perspectives within the Board;

•     Board succession planning considerations and the long-term needs of the Company; and

•     any other factors and matters as the nomination committee may consider appropriate.

In case of a candidate for an independent non-executive director of the Company, the nomination committee will
also assess:

•     the independence of such candidate with reference to, among other things, the independence criteria as set
      out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules; and

•     the requirements relating to independent non-executive directors set out in Paragraph B.3.4 of Part 2 of the
      CG Code,

and for such purposes, the nomination committee may refer to the practical advice and suggestions provided in the
Guidance for Boards and Directors and the Corporate Governance Guide for Boards and Directors (each as
amended and supplemented from time to time) published by the Stock Exchange in respect of independent non-
executive directors.

As to the re-appointment of a director of the Company, the nomination committee will mutatis mutandis apply the
above process and criteria, and if applicable, assess whether such director has remained independent in the context of
the Listing Rules and should be re-elected at the next general meeting of the Company. Please see below for details.




228    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The nomination committee will follow the nomination procedures set out in the Nomination Policy to select and
recommend candidates for the Company’s directorship to ensure that the candidates possess the expertise and
experiences to perform his/her duties and fulfil the relevant requirements as a director of the Company. Such
nomination procedures are summarised as follows:

•    Upon receipt of a nomination from the nominating director or the company secretary of the Company, the
     chairman of the nomination committee will convene a meeting of the nomination committee to consider the
     same in accordance with the terms of reference of the nomination committee. For filling a casual vacancy on
     the Board, the nomination committee will conduct the relevant selection process and apply the relevant
     selection criteria, and make recommendations to the Board for consideration. The Board will then make a
     decision as to whether the nominated candidate shall be eligible to be appointed as a director of the
     Company.

•    A similar process is applied in the re-appointment of director(s) of the Company, except that if the director
     proposed to be re-appointed or re-elected due to retirement by rotation under the Articles is an independent
     non-executive director of the Company who has served the Board for more than nine years, the nomination
     committee shall assess whether the director has remained independent in the context of the Listing Rules and
     should be re-elected at the next general meeting of the Company and make recommendations to the Board
     for consideration. If the Board determines that the relevant director has remained independent in the context
     of the Listing Rules, the Board shall recommend the proposed re-appointment/re-election of the director to
     the Company’s shareholders for consideration at the next general meeting of the Company. According to
     Paragraph B.2.3 of Part 2 of the CG Code, the Company’s circular relating to the proposed re-appointment of
     such director shall state why each of the nomination committee and the Board believes that the director is still
     independent and should be re-elected, including the factors considered, the process and the discussion of the
     nomination committee/the Board (as the case may be) in arriving at such determination.

•    For proposing a candidate to stand for election as the Company’s director at a general meeting of the
     Company, the nomination committee will make nominations to the Board for consideration, and the Board
     will then make recommendations to the Company’s shareholders for consideration. In accordance with Rule
     13.70 of the Listing Rules, the Company shall publish an announcement or issue a supplementary circular
     setting out the information required by the Listing Rules (including without limitation the relevant particulars
     of the candidate) upon receipt of the written notice from the Company’s shareholder(s) where such notice is
     received by the Company after publication of the notice of meeting; the Company must give its shareholder(s)
     at least seven days to consider the relevant information disclosed in such an announcement or supplementary
     circular prior to the date of the meeting of the election. In this respect, the Company will assess whether to
     adjourn the general meeting to give the Company’s shareholders a longer period of at least ten business days
     to consider the relevant information disclosed in the announcement or supplementary circular. For details
     about the procedures for the Company’s shareholders to propose candidates for election as a director of the
     Company, please see such procedures (as amended and supplemented from time to time) accessible on the
     website of the Company.




                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   229
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Board Diversity Policy and Diversified Board Composition
On 12 August 2013, the Company adopted the Board Diversity Policy, as amended and supplemented from time to
time. The Company recognises the benefits from its Board constituted from time to time having a balance of skills,
knowledge, ability, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s
business operations and environment as well as the industry in which the Company operates. The Company
regards the achievement and maintenance of the appropriate diversity of perspectives within the Board as a critical
factor in supporting its competitive strengths and achieving its strategic goals and sustainable development in the
long run. The Board Diversity Policy aims at setting out the framework that the Company has put in place to
implement the above objectives. The Board Diversity Policy supplements the terms of reference of the nomination
committee. On the basis of the joint views and recommendations from the nomination committee and the
corporate governance committee, the Board will annually review the Board Diversity Policy to ensure its
implementation and effectiveness. On 7 March 2024, the Board reviewed the Board Diversity Policy and considered
that the same has been implemented and remained effective and that the Board Diversity Policy has remained
relevant to the Company’s needs and reflected both the then current regulatory requirements and good corporate
governance practice.

In accordance with the Board Diversity Policy, when reviewing the Board’s structure and composition and/or Board
member appointment or re-appointment, the nomination committee shall take into account a number of factors
(with reference to the diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business
operations and environment as well as the industry in which the Company operates) as measurable objectives
(which factors include without limitation gender, age, ethnicity, cultural and educational background, and
professional skills, experience and knowledge as well as length of service). The nomination committee will continue
to monitor and review the progress towards achieving the said measurable objectives by considering candidates on
merits as well as against the said measurable objectives with due regard for the benefits of the appropriate diversity
of perspectives within the Board and the candidates’ potential contributions thereto.

As at the date of this report, the Board comprised seven directors, including three executive directors, namely Mr.
CHIH Yu Yang, Dr. KUO Wen-Yi and Mr. LIN Chia-Yi (also known as Charles LIN); one non-executive director,
namely Mr. CHANG Chuan-Wang; and three independent non-executive directors, namely Mr. LAU Siu Ki, Ms.
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN) and Mr. CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis).
Details of the directors are set out in the section headed “Profile of Directors and Senior Management” forming
part of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report. In this respect, please see the Company’s
announcements dated 10 March 2023, 19 May 2023 and 29 June 2023 respectively regarding the changes in the
Company’s directors and also the section headed “The Board” above of this report.

The Board was diversified in terms of age, ethnicity, length of service, professions, background, etc. Among the
seven directors, five of them held master’s or doctoral degrees, and their cultural, educational and technical
backgrounds span across Taiwan, Hong Kong and the U.S., with experiences in communication industries and
engineering, product and technology, research and development, corporate governance, corporate finance,
financial advisory and management, accounting and auditing, banking advisory, project finance, sustainability
strategies and management, professional developments and risk management. The diversified composition of the
Board, coupled with alignment with the Company’s strategy and objectives, bring a broad vision to the Board in
making decisions on the Group’s material issues, which has effectively enhanced the decision-making
competencies, strategic management and overall performance of the Board.




230    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company has always recognised gender diversity as one important aspect of diversity, and the Board had
previously comprised of female directors (Ms. GOU Hsiao Ling from December 2004 to January 2012, and Ms. LEE
Kuo Yu from May 2013 to May 2016). The directorship candidate nomination and selection process (coupled with
criteria) of the nomination committee is without gender bias, being based principally on merits and assessment of
candidates against the said measurable objectives (comprising gender as only one of the factors) with due regard
for the benefits of the appropriate diversity of perspectives within the Board and also the candidates’ potential
contributions thereto. It follows that the nomination committee’s selection and (if thought fit) nomination of
female directorship candidates would mainly depend on the then available pool of female directorship candidates
possessing the requisite professional, cultural and educational background as well as professional skills, experience
and knowledge that are commensurate with the needs of the Company, etc. when being assessed on merits as
well as against the said measurable objectives.

Whilst the Company sees gender diversity at the Board level as an essential element in attaining its strategic
objectives and achieving sustainable and balanced developments for the Group, the Company recognises that
further to efforts to end its single-gender Board with effect from 19 May 2023 on which Ms. Chen was appointed
as the Company’s independent non-executive director, it has been facing the following circumstances which have
made achieving gender diversity more challenging:

•    the Information Technology industry under the Hang Seng Industry Classification System (to which the
     Company belongs) remains a field of comparatively, traditional male-dominated management upon the basis
     of the data and statistics published by the Stock Exchange on its website (its repository headed “Board
     Diversity & Inclusion in Focus”) as at 7 March 2024. In essence, the Information Technology industry had the
     fifth lowest female representation at board level (16.2%) amongst all the 13 industries, when compared with
     the proportion of female directorship in (among others) the Healthcare industry (20.1%) and the Financials
     industry (18.8%); and

•    upon the basis of a peer benchmarking as at 7 March 2024 with the Group’s major industry peer companies
     whose shares are listed on stock exchanges, according to the information then publicly available, the female
     representation at their respective boards of directors basically ranged from 0% to 20% except for the U.S.-
     based peer company having 30%, and as to those peer companies whose shares are listed on the Stock
     Exchange, 0% to 10%.

Despite the limited availability of female directorship candidates possessing the requisite industry experience in the
business fields in which the Company is principally engaged and/or the requisite skills, experience and knowledge
that are commensurate with the needs of the Company and/or the requisite ethics, integrity and reputation that
would be important to the overall business culture that the Company needs to maintain in the development and
operation of its business, the Company will continue to give due regard to the different aspects of diversity
(including gender diversity) when considering potential candidates for directorship in accordance with the Board
Diversity Policy.

In addition, as to a pipeline of potential successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity, on 6 March 2024, the
nomination committee adopted the measure to identify potential candidates out of a pool consisting of a male/
female ratio of at least 80:20. Upon this basis, the Board has set its objective to appoint at least one more female
member to the Board by the end of 2026, and to achieve the Board’s objective, the nomination committee will use
its best efforts to identify and recommend female candidates to the Board for its consideration for appointment as
director(s), subject to the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy respectively.




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    231
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


2023 Meetings and Resolutions
The nomination committee shall meet at least once a year (as necessary). During the year under review, two
nomination committee meetings were held and the meeting attendance of each member of the nomination
committee is set out in the section headed “Board, Committees and General Meeting” below of this report. In
particular, the committee meetings served (among other things) to consider the proposed re-election of one
director, to assess the independence of the independent non-executive directors, to review the structure, size and
composition of the Board, to assess the sufficiency of the directors’ time commitment and contributions to the
Company, to consider the proposed appointment of three directors, as well as to make recommendations to the
Board on the relevant matters.

Full minutes of the meetings of the nomination committee are kept by the company secretary. Draft and final
versions of minutes of the meetings of the nomination committee were sent to all members of the committee for
their comments and records respectively within a reasonable time after the meetings.

Work Highlights for Changes in Directors and Directors’ Proposed Re-election
During the year under review and up to the date of this report: (a) Mr. LIN Chia-Yi (also known as Charles Lin) (“Mr.
Lin”) was appointed as an executive director of the Company with effect from 10 March 2023, and was re-elected in
such capacity at the Company’s annual general meeting held on 19 May 2023 (“2023 AGM”); (b) Mr. Meng Hsiao-Yi
(“Mr. Meng”) resigned as an executive director of the Company and the chief operating officer of the Company with
effect from 10 March 2023; (c) Mr. TAO Yun Chih (“Mr. Tao”) retired as an independent non-executive director of
the Company with effect from 19 May 2023 upon the conclusion of the 2023 AGM, and accordingly ceased to act as
a member of each of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee of the Company; (d)
with the approval of the Company’s shareholders, Ms. Chen was appointed as an independent non-executive director
of the Company and a member of each of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee
of the Company with effect from 19 May 2023 upon the conclusion of the 2023 AGM to fill up the vacancy arising
from the retirement of Mr. Tao; (e) Dr. Daniel Joseph MEHAN (“Dr. Mehan”) resigned as an independent non-
executive director of the Company with effect from 29 June 2023 and accordingly ceased to act as a member of each
of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee of the Company; (f) Mr. CHANG Chuan-
Wang (“Mr. Chang”) and Mr. CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis) (“Mr. Chiu”) were appointed
as a non-executive director and an independent non-executive director respectively of the Company with effect from
29 June 2023 and are both proposed to be re-elected in such capacities at the 2024 AGM; and (g) Mr. Lau is
proposed to be re-elected as an independent non-executive director of the Company at the 2024 AGM.

With reference to the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, the nomination committee held a meeting
on 9 March 2023 to consider the proposed appointment of Mr. Lin as an executive director of the Company and
his proposed re-election at the 2023 AGM and the proposed appointment of Ms. Chen as an independent non-
executive director of the Company at the 2023 AGM, and also a meeting on 29 June 2023 to consider the
proposed appointment of Mr. Chang as a non-executive director of the Company and Mr. Chiu as an independent
non-executive director of the Company respectively. In this respect, the work performed by the nomination
committee is summarised as follows:

•     In anticipation of the resignation of Mr. Meng as an executive director of the Company as a matter of an
      orderly succession planning at the Board level, Mr. Lin was nominated to be appointed as an executive
      director of the Company in place of Mr. Meng with effect from 10 March 2023. Mr. Lin was nominated to be
      appointed to fill a casual vacancy on the Board in accordance with article 95 of the Articles. When considering



232    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


    the nomination of Mr. Lin as an executive director of the Company, the nomination committee obtained and
    reviewed the relevant information and documents relating to Mr. Lin (including without limitation his
    curriculum vitae showing (among other things) his skills, knowledge, ability and experience in the relevant
    areas) in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy.
    Following the procedures set out in the Nomination Policy, a meeting of the nomination committee was
    convened, during which the nomination committee assessed and took into account (among other things): (i)
    Mr. Lin’s professional background, extensive and in-depth skills, knowledge, ability and experience
    (particularly more than 26 years of extensive experience in the communication and computer industries); (ii)
    his time commitment and attention and contributions to the Company; (iii) his diversity of perspectives
    appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business; and (iv) aspects such as personal ethics, integrity
    and reputation of Mr. Lin which would be important to the overall business culture that the Company would
    need to maintain in the development and operation of its business. Following due consideration of the
    aforementioned factors, the nomination committee determined at such meeting to make recommendation to
    the Board for proposing Mr. Lin for appointment and re-appointment as an executive director of the
    Company. In essence, Mr. Lin possesses the required character, competence, integrity, experience and
    diversity of perspectives to be appointed and to be re-elected as an executive director, and his appointment
    and continued tenure will bring valuable insights, advices, expertise and better diversity of perspectives to the
    Board.

•   In anticipation of the retirement of Mr. Tao as an independent non-executive director of the Company as a
    matter of an orderly succession planning at the Board level, it was proposed to appoint Ms. Chen as an
    independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from the conclusion of the 2023 AGM,
    subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders. When considering the nomination of Ms. Chen as an
    independent non-executive director of the Company, the nomination committee obtained and reviewed the
    relevant information and documents relating to Ms. Chen (including without limitation her curriculum vitae
    showing (among other things) her skills, knowledge, ability and experience in the relevant areas) in
    accordance with the relevant provisions of the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy. Following the
    procedures set out in the Nomination Policy, a meeting of the nomination committee was convened, during
    which the nomination committee assessed and took into account (among other things): (i) Ms. Chen’s
    professional background, extensive and in-depth skills, knowledge, ability and experience (particularly more
    than 34 years of extensive experience in the financial industry); (ii) her diversity of perspectives appropriate to
    the requirements of the Company’s business, particularly to achieve gender diversity as one of the said
    measurable objectives; and (iii) aspects such as personal ethics, integrity and reputation of Ms. Chen which
    would be important to the overall business culture that the Company would need to maintain in the
    development and operation of its business. Following due consideration of the aforementioned factors, the
    nomination committee determined at such meeting to make recommendation to the Board for proposing Ms.
    Chen for appointment as an independent non-executive director of the Company, subject to the approval of
    the Company’s shareholders at the 2023 AGM. In essence, Ms. Chen possesses the required character,
    competence, integrity, experience and diversity of perspectives to be appointed as an independent non-
    executive director, and her appointment will bring valuable insights, advices, expertise, better diversity of
    perspectives as well as independent judgements and objective views to the Board. The nomination committee
    also assessed the independence of Ms. Chen, and was satisfied that Ms. Chen has met the guidelines on
    independence set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and would be independent for the purposes of the
    Listing Rules.




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    233
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•     It was proposed to appoint Mr. Chang as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 29 June
      2023. When considering the nomination of Mr. Chang as a non-executive director of the Company, the
      nomination committee obtained and reviewed the relevant information and documents relating to Mr. Chang
      (including without limitation his curriculum vitae showing (among other things) his skills, knowledge, ability
      and experience in the relevant areas) in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Nomination Policy and
      the Board Diversity Policy. Following the procedures set out in the Nomination Policy, a meeting of the
      nomination committee was convened, during which the nomination committee assessed and took into
      account (among other things): (i) Mr. Chang’s professional background, extensive and in-depth skills,
      knowledge, ability and experience (particularly about 30 years’ experience in the information and
      communication technology industry); (ii) his time commitment and attention and contributions to the
      Company; (iii) his diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business; and (iv)
      aspects such as personal ethics, integrity and reputation of Mr. Chang which would be important to the
      overall business culture that the Company would need to maintain in the development and operation of its
      business. Following due consideration of the aforementioned factors, the nomination committee determined
      at such meeting to make recommendation to the Board for proposing Mr. Chang for appointment as a non-
      executive director of the Company. In essence, Mr. Chang possesses the required character, competence,
      integrity, experience and diversity of perspectives to be appointed as a non-executive director, and his
      appointment will bring valuable insights, advices, expertise and better diversity of perspectives to the Board.

•     In anticipation of the resignation of Dr. Mehan as an independent non-executive director of the Company as
      a matter of an orderly succession planning at the Board level, it was proposed to appoint Mr. Chiu as an
      independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from 29 June 2023. When considering the
      nomination of Mr. Chiu as an independent non-executive director of the Company, the nomination
      committee obtained and reviewed the relevant information and documents relating to Mr. Chiu (including
      without limitation his curriculum vitae showing (among other things) his skills, knowledge, ability and
      experience in the relevant areas) in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Nomination Policy and the
      Board Diversity Policy. Following the procedures set out in the Nomination Policy, a meeting of the nomination
      committee was convened, during which the nomination committee assessed and took into account (among
      other things): (i) Mr. Chiu’s professional background, extensive and in-depth skills, knowledge, ability and
      experience (particularly over 30 years’ experience in leading foreign banks, large corporate, consulting firm
      and academy); (ii) his diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business; (iii)
      aspects such as personal ethics, integrity and reputation of Mr. Chiu which would be important to the overall
      business culture that the Company would need to maintain in the development and operation of its business;
      (iv) Mr. Chiu’s confirmation that he has no relationship with any directors, senior management members, or
      substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company, has not held any executive or management role or
      position within the Group, and has not been involved in the daily operations and management of the Group.
      In view of the foregoing, Mr. Chiu has clearly demonstrated to the Company his willingness and ability to
      continue to exercise independent judgement and to provide objective views and contributions to the
      Company; and (v) the fact that the nomination committee is not aware or is not made aware of: (a) the
      occurrence of any event or circumstance which would cause it to believe that the independence of Mr. Chiu
      has been or would be impaired; and (b) any circumstance that might influence Mr. Chiu in effectively
      exercising his judgement independently. Following due consideration of the aforementioned factors, the
      nomination committee determined at such meeting to make recommendation to the Board for proposing Mr.
      Chiu for appointment as an independent non-executive director of the Company. In essence, Mr. Chiu
      possesses the required character, competence, integrity, experience and diversity of perspectives to be
      appointed as an independent non- executive director, and his appointment will bring valuable insights,
      advices, expertise, better diversity of perspectives as well as independent judgements and objective views to
      the Board. The nomination committee also assessed the independence of Mr. Chiu, and was satisfied that Mr.
      Chiu has met the guidelines on independence set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and would be
      independent for the purposes of the Listing Rules.


234    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In accordance with the Board Diversity Policy, in the process of assessing candidates for the appointment/re-
appointment as directors of the Company in the context of the diversity of perspectives appropriate to the
requirements of the Company’s business, the nomination committee had taken into account (among other things)
the key factors in favour of diversity against the said measurable objectives. In this respect, the work performed by
the nomination committee is summarised as follows:

•    In making a recommendation to the Board proposing Mr. Lin for appointment/re-appointment as an executive
     director of the Company, the nomination committee had taken into account (among other things):

     •     Taiwan background, qualifications and experience;

     •     expertise in smartphone manufacturing, R&D engineering and business development as well as active
           participation in core technologies and new business operations in the AI (artificial intelligence) and
           robotics segments;

     •     key roles and functions within the Group for over 18 years;

     •     accumulated extensive and in-depth knowledge, experience and network in both the Company and the
           industry, particularly development of strategic relationships with the Group’s customers;

     •     over 26 years of experience in communication and computer industries;

     •     the foregoing could sync up with those of Mr. Chih and Dr. Kuo respectively, thereby giving rise to
           greater strengths at the Board level in support of the Group’s business strategies and plans during the
           current challenging times and conditions; and

     •     age of 52 being the youngest member of the Board (when compared with half of the Board members
           aging from 64 to 78) who could bring younger-generation thoughts and perspectives to the Board for
           better refreshment.

•    In making a recommendation to the Board proposing Ms. Chen for appointment as an independent non-
     executive director of the Company, the nomination committee had taken into account (among other things):

     •     the first female director of the Company since May 2016 (i.e. a gap of almost 7 years);

     •     recognition and promotion of female leader and professional with reference to her leadership and
           senior managerial positions;

     •     Taiwan background, qualifications and experience, particularly sharing of overseas knowledge and
           experience acquired through her independent directorships with Taiwan-listed companies;

     •     accumulated extensive and in-depth knowledge, experience and network through her leadership and
           senior managerial positions in the financial industry (a highly and strictly-regulated industry), which are
           new and peculiar to the Board, particularly beneficial to the Board in terms of integrity and ongoing
           compliance with applicable laws and regulations and hence enhancement of the Company’s corporate
           culture of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly;


                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   235
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      •     good personal reputation and high profile with reference to her leading and key roles and functions
            with certain organisations and Taiwan-listed companies belonging to different industry sectors, thereby
            enhancing the public image of the Board; and

      •     age of 55 being the second youngest member of the Board (when compared with half of the Board
            members aging from 64 to 78) who could bring younger-generation thoughts and perspectives to the
            Board for better refreshment.

•     In making a recommendation to the Board proposing Mr. Chang for appointment as a non-executive director
      of the Company, the nomination committee had taken into account (among other things):

      •     Taiwan background, qualifications and experience, particularly his sharing of overseas knowledge and
            experience acquired through his current executive directorship with a Taiwan-listed company as well as
            his previous roles with certain Taiwan-listed companies;

      •     employee of the Hon Hai Technology Group for more than 14 years, aligning with the overall business
            culture that FIH needs to maintain in the development and operation of its business;

      •     knowledge, skills and experience through acting as the chairman and non-executive director of
            CircuTech (another subsidiary of Hon Hai listed on the Stock Exchange’s GEM) could enable him to
            accumulate knowledge, familiarity and experience on matters such as the latest developments and
            trends in directors’ duties, the Listing Rules requirements, regulatory focuses and common risks and
            limitations in management and compliance, thereby discharging his duties as the Company’s non-
            executive director more effectively;

      •     more than 14 years’ expertise and experience in business strategy, operation control and performance
            analysis management, which are new and peculiar to the Board, particularly beneficial to the Board
            when the Group has been diversifying its customers, businesses and products, entering into new
            industry sectors as well as adopting and enhancing its measures to control overall costs and operating
            expenses during the current challenging times and conditions;

      •     about 30 years’ experience in the information and communication technology industry, which could
            sync up with those of the Company’s executive directors, thereby giving rise to greater strengths at the
            Board level in support of the Group’s business strategies and plans during the current challenging times
            and conditions; and

      •     age of 54 being the second youngest member of the Board (when compared with four Board members
            aging from 57 to 64) who could bring younger-generation thoughts and perspectives to the Board for
            better refreshment.




236       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•    In making a recommendation to the Board proposing Mr. Chiu for appointment as an independent non-
     executive director of the Company, the nomination committee had taken into account (among other things):

     •    Taiwan background, qualifications and experience; U.S. higher education; and Hong Kong working
          experience;

     •    accumulated knowledge, skills, experience and network in the ESG/sustainability-related context
          (particularly his pro-active engagement in the sustainable finance, offshore wind and solar power project
          finance and advisory business as well as his continuous focus on the development of sustainability
          strategy and management), which are new and peculiar to the Board, particularly beneficial to the
          Board in light of the Stock Exchange’s continuing main focus on its ESG framework and enhancement
          of its ESG-related regulatory requirements (such as climate-related disclosures) as well as the Group’s
          top priority for environmental sustainability and ongoing efforts to make more positive impacts on ESG
          and its ESG-related achievements;

     •    accumulated extensive and in-depth knowledge, experience and network through his leadership and
          senior managerial positions in the financial industry (a highly and strictly-regulated industry) and
          currently the academy, which could complement those of Ms. Chen, particularly beneficial to the Board
          in terms of integrity and ongoing compliance with applicable laws and regulations and hence
          enhancement of the Company’s corporate culture of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly;

     •    similar to Ms. Chen who has held certain leadership and senior managerial positions in the financial
          industry, Mr. Chiu has focused more on the frontline businesses and operations such as loan
          syndication, trust and custodian, sustainable finance and project finance, which could be particularly
          beneficial to the financial operations and new businesses of the Company at the Board level when the
          Group has been diversifying its customers, businesses and products, and entering into new industry
          sectors. On top of that, he has possessed knowledge and experience in the Hong Kong financial
          industry; and

     •    as an orderly successor to Mr. Mehan who has acted as the Company’s independent non-executive
          director and as a member of each of the Company’s audit committee, remuneration committee and
          nomination committee for more than 15 years, Mr. Chiu could provide fresh views and perspectives to
          the Company at the Board level.

On 7 March 2024, the nomination committee held a meeting to consider the proposed re-election of Mr. Chang,
Mr. Chiu and Mr. Lau as a non-executive director and independent non-executive directors respectively of the
Company at the 2024 AGM, with reference to the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy. In this respect,
the work performed by the nomination committee is summarised as follows:

•    In relation to Mr. Chang and Mr. Chiu, the nomination committee had considered the factors and gone
     through the processes applicable to the proposed appointment of Mr. Chang and Mr. Chiu as more
     particularly described above.




                                                                               A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   237
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•     In relation to Mr. Lau, the nomination committee obtained and reviewed the relevant information and
      documents relating to Mr. Lau (including without limitation his up-to-date curriculum vitae showing (among
      other things) his skills, knowledge, ability and experience in the relevant areas) in accordance with the relevant
      provisions of the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy. Following the procedures set out in the
      Nomination Policy, a meeting of the nomination committee was convened, during which the nomination
      committee assessed and took into account (among other things): (i) Mr. Lau’s professional background,
      extensive and in-depth skills, knowledge, ability and experience (particularly his Hong Kong background,
      qualifications and experience); over 40 years of Hong Kong professional skills, knowledge, ability and
      experience in corporate governance, corporate finance, financial advisory and management, accounting,
      auditing and risk management, coupled with wide-ranging knowledge and experience through acting as
      director/company secretary of other Hong Kong listed companies belonging to different industry/business
      sectors; and accumulated extensive and in-depth knowledge and experience in both the Company and the
      industry; (ii) his diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business; (iii)
      aspects such as personal ethics, integrity and reputation of Mr. Lau which would be important to the overall
      business culture that the Company would need to maintain in the development and operation of its business;
      and (iv) his time commitment and attention and contributions to the Company. Following due consideration
      of the aforementioned factors, the nomination committee determined at such meeting to make
      recommendation to the Board for proposing Mr. Lau to be re-elected as an independent non-executive
      director of the Company at the 2024 AGM. In essence, Mr. Lau possesses the required character,
      competence, integrity, experience and diversity of perspectives to be appointed as an independent non-
      executive director, and his re-appointment will bring valuable insights, advices, expertise, better diversity of
      perspectives as well as independent judgements and objective views to the Board. The nomination committee
      also assessed the independence of Mr. Lau, and was satisfied that Mr. Lau has met the guidelines on
      independence set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and would be independent for the purposes of the
      Listing Rules. For details of the factors considered, the processes and the discussions at both the nomination
      committee and the Board levels, please see the section headed “Proposed Re-election of Mr. Lau Siu Ki as the
      Company’s Independent Non-executive Director” above of this report.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
The Company has established and maintained a corporate governance committee with written terms of reference
by reference to the code provisions of the CG Code.

The corporate governance committee now consists of two executive directors. The members are:

CHIH Yu Yang (chairman of the corporate governance committee)
KUO Wen-Yi

The principal duties of the corporate governance committee are to develop and review the Company’s policies and
practices on corporate governance and to make recommendations to the Board. It also reviews and monitors the
training and continuous professional development of the directors and senior management. In addition, it reviews
and monitors the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
Moreover, it develops, reviews and monitors the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees
and the directors, and to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code.




238    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The corporate governance committee shall meet at least once a year (as necessary). During the year under review,
one corporate governance committee meeting was held and the meeting attendance of each member of the
corporate governance committee is set out in the section headed “Board, Committees and General Meeting”
below of this report. In addition to the committee meeting, the corporate governance committee also dealt with
matters in three occasions by way of circulation and signing of written resolutions during the year under review. In
particular, the committee meeting and written resolutions served (among other things) to review the revised
overview on mechanisms for independent views and inputs available to the Board, the revised shareholders
communication policy, the existing Board Diversity Policy, the statements regarding corporate communications, the
overview on core corporate governance practices, the revised form of independence confirmation letter from each
of the Company’s independent non-executive directors, the global code of conduct, the responsibility standards,
the chapter on employee human rights, the corporate communication and crisis reporting guideline, the up-to-date
version of the corporate vision, mission and values and desired culture of the Company, the existing list of matters
reserved for the Board, the current delegation of authority of the Board, the total time spent in training and
continuous professional development of the directors and senior management of the Company, the preapproval
policies and procedures relating to independent auditor’s non-assurance services, the revised versions of the
authorisation procedures of model code for securities transactions by directors and securities dealing policy, certain
revised documents relating to the Existing Share Option Scheme and the Existing Share Scheme, the overview and
action plans in relation to the Stock Exchange’s expanded paperless regime and the updates on the relevant rules
and ordinances published by the Stock Exchange and the Securities and Futures Commission, as well as to make
recommendations to the Board on the relevant matters.

Full minutes of the meetings of the corporate governance committee are kept by the company secretary. Draft and
final versions of minutes of the meetings of the corporate governance committee were sent to all members of the
committee for their comments and records respectively within a reasonable time after the meetings.




                                                                                 A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   239
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD, COMMITTEES AND GENERAL MEETING
The individual attendance records of each director (represented in the following manner: number of meeting(s)
attended by each director/total number of the corresponding meeting(s) held during such director’s appointment
term) at the meetings of the Board, audit committee, remuneration committee, nomination committee, corporate
governance committee and general meeting of the Company during the year under review are set out below:

                                                                                                                       Corporate
                                                                        Audit    Remuneration       Nomination       Governance           Annual
                                                      Board         Committee      Committee         Committee        Committee          General
 Name of Director                                   Meeting           Meeting        Meeting           Meeting          Meeting          Meeting
                                                     (Note 1)                                                                             (Note 2)

 Executive Directors
 CHIH Yu Yang                                               7/7           N/A              N/A              N/A              1/1                 1/1
 KUO Wen-Yi                                                 6/7           N/A              N/A              N/A              1/1                 1/1
 LIN Chia-Yi (also known as Charles LIN)                    6/6           N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A                 1/1
    (appointed with effect from 10 March 2023)
 MENG Hsiao-Yi (resigned with effect                        1/2           N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A                N/A
    from 10 March 2023)

 Non-executive Director
 CHANG Chuan-Wang (appointed with                    4/4 (Note 4)         N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A                N/A
  effect from 29 June 2023)

 Independent Non-executive Directors
 LAU Siu Ki                                                 7/7            6/6              3/3              2/2             N/A                1/1
 CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN)                  4/4            3/3              2/2              1/1             N/A          1/1 (Note 3)
   (appointed with effect from 19 May 2023)
 CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known                           4/4 (Note 4)          3/3              1/1             N/A              N/A                N/A
   as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis)
   (appointed with effect from 29 June 2023)
 Daniel Joseph MEHAN (resigned with                         3/4            3/3              1/2              1/2             N/A                 1/1
   effect from 29 June 2023)
 TAO Yun Chih (retired with effect from                     3/3            3/3              1/1              1/1             N/A                 1/1
   19 May 2023)



Note 1: The directors participated in the Board meetings (other than the two Board meetings held on 2 November 2023 and 20 December 2023
        respectively) by means of telephone conference facility, and participated in the Board meetings held on 2 November 2023 and 20 December 2023
        by way of video conference facility.

Note 2: The directors participated in the 2023 AGM by means of telephone conference facility, except that Mr. LAU Siu Ki attended the 2023 AGM in
        person.

Note 3: Ms. Nadia CHEN attended the 2023 AGM, as an intending director, at which her appointment was considered and approved.

Note 4: Each of Mr. CHANG Chuan-Wang and Mr. Dennis CHIU attended the Board meeting on 29 June 2023, as an intending director, at which his
        appointment was considered and approved.




240      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


GENDER DIVERSITY IN WORKFORCE
The Company recognises the importance of gender diversity at the workforce level, in addition to the Board level.
As at the end of the year under review, the female representation in the Group’s total workforce (full-time
employees only, exclusive of part-time/temporary employees) with reference to employee categories is set out
below:

                                                                          Approximate                                        Approximate
                                                                    Male/Female Ratio                                  Male/Female Ratio
 Employee Category                                             As at 31 December 2023                             As at 31 December 2022


 Senior Management (Note 1)                                    83 (male)/17 (female) (Note 2)                            84 (male)/16 (female)
 Middle Management                                                  70 (male)/30 (female)                                70 (male)/30 (female)
 General Staff                                                      47 (male)/53 (female)                                47 (male)/53 (female)

Note 1: Including the three senior management members listed in the section headed “Profile of Directors and Senior Management” (forming part of the
        Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report).


Note 2: The year-on-year change in the male/female ratio is mainly due to the Group’s organisational restructuring at the daily operational senior
        management level during the year under review, including the routine retirement of certain male members of the Group’s Global Leadership Team
        (consisting of global members who directly report to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer or Chief Operating Officer (if any)) which currently
        comprises a total of 17 members, two of which remain female members.



The above female representation in the Group’s total workforce exemplifies a level of diversification that is in line
with other leading companies in the Information Technology industry which remains a field of comparatively,
traditional male-dominated management as mentioned in the section headed “Board Diversity Policy and
Diversified Board Composition” above of this report. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the year under review,
at the Group’s daily operational middle management level, the Group’s DMS (design manufacturing solutions)
business unit appointed a female manager from Taiwan to act as its manufacturing deputy head in India.

The Company will continue to strive to enhance female representation in the workforce and achieve an appropriate
balance of gender distribution/ratio which corresponds with the Group’s business needs and future developments.
In this respect, the Group has been following its employment policies that recruitment, promotion, performance
evaluation, wages assessment, training opportunities and retirement must be people-oriented, lawful, fair and
without discrimination based on (among other things) gender, to the effect that female applicants and employees
should be provided with equal employment and career development opportunities, giving rise to a pipeline of
potential female candidates as successors to the Group’s middle to senior management and ultimately the Board.

With an aim to achieving more female representation in the Group’s daily operational middle management, the
Board has set its objective in March 2023 to adjust the male/female ratio of the Group’s daily operational middle
management as at 31 December 2022 (i.e. 70 (male)/30 (female)) to increase the female ratio by at least 1% on or
before 31 December 2024.

As to the Company’s senior management (who currently comprises three male members referred to in the section
headed “Profile of Directors and Senior Management” forming part of the Company’s 2023 annual report
incorporating this report), the Board has set its objective in March 2024 to appoint the first female senior
management member by the end of 2025.



                                                                                                        A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3             241
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION AND AUDITOR-RELATED MATTERS
The responsibility of the auditor is to form an independent opinion, based on its audit, on those consolidated
financial statements and to report its opinion solely to the Company, as a body, and for no other purpose.

During the year under review, the auditor’s remuneration incurred by the Company was US$663,000, and
US$1,524,000 was paid to the Company’s auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for audit services. In addition,
US$153,000 for non-audit services relating to tax and advisory services was incurred by the Company’s auditor
during the year under review.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group and
ensuring that the consolidated financial statements are in accordance with applicable statutory requirements and
accounting standards.

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
The Board is responsible for the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements and the Company’s
financial statements for each financial period, which give a true and fair view of the financial position and operating
results of the Group or the Company (as the case may be) for such financial period. In preparing the financial
statements for the year under review, the directors have selected and adopted suitable accounting policies and
have applied them in a consistent manner, have made reasonable judgements and estimates, and have prepared
the financial statements on a going-concern basis.

The Board has overall responsibility for the Group’s system of internal controls and enterprise risk management
(“ERM”) and reviewing its effectiveness and (as to the ESG aspect) the Group’s ESG-related strategy and reporting,
and in particular, evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks (including ESG-related risks) it is
willing to take in achieving the Group’s business and strategic objectives (including, as to the ESG aspect,
implementing the Group’s ESG-related strategy and reporting), ensuring that an adequate and effective system of
internal controls and ERM is in place within the Group.

In particular, the Board oversees the Group’s management in the context of the Group’s ERM and internal controls
(comprising the Company’s chairman/acting chairman, chief executive officer, chief financial officer and chief
operating officer (if any), and the Group’s operation heads of its major factories in the PRC, India, Vietnam and the
U.S., who collectively as a body is designated for the purpose of assisting the Board with the Group’s overall
policies on ERM and internal controls (the “Management”)) in (among other things) the design, implementation
and monitoring of the internal control and ERM system on an on-going basis, so that (among other things) the
business and strategic objectives of the Group (including, as to the ESG aspect, implementing the Group’s ESG-
related strategy and reporting) can be achieved and risks (including ESG-related risks) associated can be identified,
evaluated, managed and mitigated (but not eliminated) at an acceptable level, and reasonable (but not absolute)
assurance can be provided against material misstatement or loss and also assurance can be provided on the
effectiveness and adequacy of operations, reliability of financial reporting and operational information,
safeguarding of the Group’s assets and compliance with the Group’s policies, plans and procedures as well as
applicable laws and regulations.




242    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board (through its audit committee comprising, for the time being, all the independent non-executive directors)
oversees and evaluates the Group’s internal control and ERM system on an on-going basis. In particular, the audit
committee, in discharging the aforesaid responsibility as delegated by the Board, semi-annually reviews the design
and operational adequacy and continuing effectiveness of the Group’s internal control and ERM system. In respect
of the year under review, semi-annual review of the Group’s internal control and ERM system was conducted in
August 2023 and March 2024 by the audit committee, and the audit committee confirmed in both occasions that
the Group’s internal control and ERM system continued to be effective and adequate throughout the year under
review. For details, please refer to the penultimate paragraph below of this “Accountability and Audit” section.
Moreover, the audit committee, in discharging the Board’s responsibility of overseeing and evaluating the
effectiveness and adequacy of the Group’s system of internal controls and ERM as delegated by the Board, reviews
the effectiveness of the Group’s internal audit function. Pursuant to a risk-based approach, the Group’s internal
audit function independently reviews the risks (including ESG-related risks) associated with and internal controls of
the Group over various operations and activities, and evaluates their overall adequacy, effectiveness and
compliance, including compliance with the Group’s policies, plans and procedures. The Group’s internal audit
function (as designated by the Board) has unrestricted access to all information, books, people and physical
properties, thereby allowing it to review all aspects of the internal controls, ERM and governance processes within
the Group. This includes audit of financial and operational controls of all legal entities, business and functional
units as well as all other material controls (including financial, operational and compliance controls). The audit
committee reviews and approves the internal audit plan which is prepared by the Group’s internal audit function in
the first quarter of every year based on a risk assessment of each operating and functional unit as well as its
materiality in the context of the Group. Audit findings, enhancements and recommendations are communicated to
the management of the responsible unit after each internal audit. The management of the responsible unit is
responsible for evaluating such audit findings, enhancements and recommendations and then implementing the
appropriate ones and rectifying the deficiencies with corrective actions, and the progress on such implementation
and rectification is followed up by the Group’s internal audit function on a regular basis and monitored by the
Management in order that corrective actions can be taken by the management of the responsible unit in a timely
manner. Escalation to the senior management or even the executive directors for material deficiencies will be made
by the Group’s internal audit function, when necessary. A summary of major activities and findings is reported
semi-annually by the Group’s internal audit function to the executive directors and the audit committee. Being a
learning organisation, lessons learned and best practices are disseminated and promoted within the Group.

In relation to the audit of the Group’s financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and
31 December 2023 respectively, the audit committee’s specific work is summarised as follows:

(a)   As to the audit of the Group’s financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December
      2023 respectively:

      •    Prior to the commencement of the relevant audit, an email platform was set up where the team
           representing the Company’s auditor, the Company’s chief financial officer and financial controller as
           well as the Group’s headquarters accounting team (collectively, the “Audit Working Group”) presented
           the audit planning report to the audit committee, and where the audit committee could raise any query
           or provide any comment to the Audit Working Group in connection with the audit;




                                                                                A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3   243
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      •     The aforesaid audit planning report provided for (among other things): (i) the scope of the audit; (ii) a
            refresher on the monitoring and reporting obligations and other responsibilities of the audit committee
            in the audit context; (iii) determination of the materiality level for the purposes of the audit; (iv)
            identification of the key changes in the Group’s business which might impact the audit approach; (v)
            description of the audit procedures (including identification of significant risks, key audit matters and
            other focus matters, assessment of those so identified and report on the related findings and
            conclusions); and (vi) the planned timeline of the audit procedures with continuous communications and
            reporting;

      •     The audit committee considered and approved the engagement letters provided by the Company’s
            auditor in respect of the audit, particularly the audit fees proposed thereunder;

      •     The audit committee also considered and completed the audit-related questionnaire provided by the
            Company’s auditor, and in particular, expressed its views on the adequacy of the Company’s internal
            control system in place to prevent and detect fraud and the risk of fraud within the Company;

      •     The audit committee further considered the information and documents provided by the Audit Working
            Group as circulated by the Company Secretary, including (among other things) the audited, consolidated
            financial statements of the Company and the related auditor’s report and management representation
            letters, together with the presentation report from the Company’s auditor covering (among other
            things) results of the procedures of the Company’s auditor for the significant risks and key audit
            matters, impact of the new and revised accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
            judgement and estimation as well as internal control environment relevant to audit and audit
            observations (collectively, the “Principal Financial Documents”);

      •     The audit committee further convened and conducted (through the Company Secretary) a meeting with
            (among others) the Audit Working Group to discuss (among other things) the Principal Financial
            Documents, and then passed resolutions to recommend the Board to consider and (if thought fit)
            approve the Principal Financial Documents; and

      •     In addition to the aforesaid meeting, the audit committee convened and conducted (through the
            Company Secretary) another meeting with the team representing the Company’s auditor without the
            presence of the Company’s management to discuss issues from the audit and other related matters; and

(b)   As to the audit of the Group’s financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023, the audit
      committee completed additional work as follows:

      •     Prior to the commencement of the audit, the audit committee held a meeting with the Audit Working
            Group to discuss (among other things) the initiatives for enhancement of audit quality and
            communications (including better communications to understand any audit issues and address the same
            in a timely manner) as well as updates on the latest regulatory environment and approach, the relevant
            Listing Rules requirements and the new and revised accounting policies and auditing standards which
            were relevant to the 2023 audit; and




244       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     •     As an interim escalation from the Audit Working Group, on 3 February 2024 prior to the convening of
           the meeting of the audit committee with the Audit Working Group on 6 March 2024, the audit
           committee considered the audit progress report from the Audit Working Group, reporting on (among
           other things): (i) revision of the materiality level for the purposes of the audit; (ii) an overview on the
           audit progress with description of the work done, work in progress and also planning on the work to be
           done; (iii) observations of the significant risks and key audit matters so far identified and continuance of
           the audit procedures as planned (in particular, no sign of fraud nor irregularity so far); (iv) review of the
           relevant valuation reports prepared by independent professional valuer; and (v) expected completion
           timeline of the remaining audit work. In essence, the audit progress was going well with no material
           audit issues as at the date of such report.

During its semi-annual review, the audit committee also considers, in particular: (a) the adequacy of resources,
qualifications and experiences of the Group’s staff performing accounting, internal audit and financial reporting
functions as well as those relating to the Group’s ESG performance and reporting and their training programs and
budget; (b) the changes, since the last review, in the nature and extent of significant risks (including ESG-related
risks), and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment; (c) the scope and
quality of the Management’s on-going monitoring of risks (including ESG-related risks) and of the internal control
and ERM system, and the work of the Group’s internal audit function and (if any) other assurance providers; (d) the
extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the audit committee which enables it to assess
control of the Group and the effectiveness of risk management; (e) significant control failings or weaknesses that
have been identified during the period under review and also the extent to which they have resulted in unforeseen
outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had, or may in the future have, a material impact on the
Group’s financial performance or condition; and (f) the effectiveness of the Group’s processes for financial
reporting and compliance with the Listing Rules.

The code of conduct and the code of ethics administering appropriate and prohibited individual behaviours within
the Group are implemented and apply to employees by way of policies, rules and principles. For details, please refer
to the “Overview on Mechanisms for Independent Views and Inputs” section above of this report as well as the
Company’s separate 2023 ESG Report as issued and published simultaneously upon the issuance and publication of
the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report.

In particular, the Group has established and maintained its whistle-blowing policies and the related procedures
which apply to the Group’s key stakeholders (including all current and former directors, officers and other
employees (both permanent and temporary); customers; suppliers; joint venture partners; and other business
partners). Issues/concerns and complaints concerning fraudulent acts, unethical acts or improper business conduct
can be raised through established hotlines and other channels. Whistle-blower identities are protected without fear
of reprisal, victimisation, subsequent discrimination or any other unfavourable prejudice. All issues/concerns and
complaints will be handled confidentially, timely, fairly and professionally by the Group’s chief internal auditor for
further investigation and appropriate follow-up actions, including escalation to the Company’s audit committee (for
the time being, comprising all the independent non-executive directors). The whistle-blowing policies and the
related procedures will be reviewed regularly according to changes to the business and/or regulatory environments
and requirements.




                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    245
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Further, the Group’s anti-corruption code of conduct describes the types of conduct which are strictly prohibited
and clearly informs all its directors, officers and employees that they are required to abide by this code. To keep its
directors, officers and employees abreast of the Group’s latest anti-corruption policies and measures, the Group
distributes relevant refreshers and updates as well as the related information and materials to its directors, officers
and employees on a regular basis, and anti-corruption training programmes are provided to directors, officers and
employees which cover topics including applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, types of misconduct,
definition of bribery, individual liabilities and consequences of bribery as well as an overview of the Group’s whistle-
blowing policies. In addition, the Group requires (as a prerequisite to the establishment of business relationship) its
suppliers and customers to strictly enforce high standards of anti-corruption. Also, please refer to the “Overview on
Mechanisms for Independent Views and Inputs” section above of this report for more details about the Group’s
policies and systems that promote and support anti-corruption laws and regulations.

Risk management is one of the fundamental parts of the Group’s strategic management, and is an on-going
process for identifying, evaluating and managing the significant risks faced by the Group that threaten the
achievement of its business and strategic objectives (including, as to the ESG aspect, implementation of the Group’s
ESG-related strategy and reporting), and safeguarding the interests of shareholders and other key stakeholders
such as customers, suppliers, creditors and employees. Existing and emerging risks are identified, evaluated and
managed via the ERM system. The system is operated and monitored by the Group’s ERM team (the “ERM Team”)
which consists of the Company’s heads/leaders of human resources, supply chain services, manufacturing and
corporate engineering, product safety, security and liability, quality and reliability, finance, legal, information
technology, investment management, strategic planning, sales and collection management, environment and
health and safety departments/divisions, collectively as a body representing key functions of the Group for
monitoring and execution of the ERM processes (e.g. to establish ERM strategies and objectives, and to maintain
risk assessment standards and categories) in accordance with the enterprise risk assessment and management
planning operation procedures, which set out (among other things) the enterprise risk assessment and
management principles and procedures, the quantifiable assessment standards and evaluations, the respective roles
and responsibilities of the ERM Team and the supporting divisions and handling officers at the headquarters and
business unit levels as well as the ERM system operation details. Risk assessment results generated and contributed
by the underlying business unit controllers/risk owners will be collected, reviewed, assessed and consolidated twice
a year by the Company’s risk management division led by the Group’s chief internal auditor. Risk assessment
reports (as prepared on the basis of such risk assessment results and covering, among other things, review of
progress on ESG-related goals and targets) will be submitted on a regular basis to the ERM Team for review to
ensure the adequacy of action plans and appropriate business processes or control systems to manage these risks
(in particular, the areas which were assessed as high risk, including ESG-related risks, if any). The Company’s risk
management division will consolidate all the risk assessment results in a Group-level risk assessment report and
then submit the same to the Company’s chief financial officer on an annual basis. Such Group-level risk assessment
report provides for (among other things) the ERM framework and model, the annual ERM analyses (with the
relevant risk scores, highlighting the major risk areas and corresponding enhancements, if any), and the planned
ERM work for next year. In this respect, the Company’s chief financial officer will represent the Management and
report the operational adequacy and continuing effectiveness of the internal control and ERM system (including the
relevant ERM matters) to the audit committee on an annual basis.

The principal risks that are covered by the ERM system are strategic planning, technical, budgetary control,
performance measurement, and control over capital expenditure, investment, finance, quality, product safety,
security and liability, legal, regional (including politics, culture, etc.), information technology, supply chain
management (including sourcing), environmental protection, natural disasters, human resources management,
customer credit risk and relationship, industrial safety as well as sales and collection management.


246    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


For details about the risk management knowledge and experience at the Board level, please see the section headed
“Profile of Directors and Senior Management” (forming part of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating
this report). During the year under review, all the directors of the Company attended a training on crisis
management as provided by the Company’s chief internal auditor.

The Group also adopts internal control procedures to ensure that the continuing connected transactions of the Group
have been entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group, on normal commercial terms (or
better) and according to the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
interests of the Company’s shareholders as a whole. The accounting department of the Company is primarily responsible
for reviewing and monitoring the continuing connected transactions, ensuring that the annual caps of the relevant
continuing connected transactions are not exceeded and the continuing connected transactions have been conducted in
accordance with the pricing policies or mechanisms under the framework agreements relating to such continuing
connected transactions. The accounting department of the Company will consult with the Group’s internal audit
function in respect of continuing connected transaction compliance issues and semi- annually report to the chief financial
officer of the Company, who in his own capacity and on behalf of the Management will report to the audit committee
(for the time being, comprising all the independent non-executive directors) and also provide a confirmation to the audit
committee that the continuing connected transactions of the Company which are subject to the annual review and
disclosure requirements under the Listing Rules have been entered into: (a) in the ordinary and usual course of business
of the Group; (b) on normal commercial terms or better; and (c) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole; and that
the Group’s internal control procedures applicable to continuing connected transactions are properly implemented and
operated and are adequate and effective to ensure that such transactions were so conducted and also conducted in
accordance with the pricing policies set out in such relevant agreements. The audit committee will review the continuing
connected transactions of the Company (which are subject to the annual review and disclosure requirements under the
Listing Rules) semi-annually to check and confirm whether such continuing connected transactions are conducted: (a) in
the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b) on normal commercial terms or better; and (c) in accordance
with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the
shareholders of the Company as a whole, and whether the internal control procedures put in place by the Company are
properly implemented and operated and are adequate and effective to ensure that such continuing connected
transactions were so conducted and also conducted in accordance with the pricing policies set out in such relevant
agreements. For details, please refer to the “Internal Control Measures” section of the Company’s circular dated 1
December 2022. In particular, in order to assist the independent non-executive directors (for the time being, being all the
members of the audit committee) in performing their corresponding duties and functions under the Listing Rules and
also having an oversight over the on-going monitoring in respect of the Group’s continuing connected transactions, the
Company’s chief financial officer and the Group’s chief internal auditor jointly issue, on a semi-annual basis, a report to
the independent non-executive directors (copied to the corporate governance committee) on the internal controls
applicable to such continuing connected transactions, setting out (among other things) the review and findings relating
to the assessment of the appropriateness and effectiveness of the relevant internal control procedures, and the
recommended enhancements on the relevant internal control procedures (if any). In this respect, sufficient information
regarding such continuing connected transactions and related pricing policies and internal control procedures has been
provided to the independent non-executive directors, who (during the review process for the period under review) have
confirmed that they have not encountered any problems nor difficulties and have been given ample opportunities to
pose questions, request additional information and/or make suggestions in respect of any such continuing connected
transactions and related pricing policies and internal control procedures.

The Company’s chief financial officer in his own capacity and on behalf of the Management, after reviewing and
discussing with the Group’s internal audit function the Group’s internal control and ERM system as well as the related
reports and disclosures made by the Group’s internal audit function and other relevant stakeholders for the year under
review, has provided a confirmation to the audit committee on the adequacy and effectiveness of the system.

                                                                                     A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    247
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Based on the results of evaluations and representations for the year under review made by the Company’s chief
financial officer in his own capacity and on behalf of the Management and the Group’s internal audit function
respectively, the audit committee is satisfied with the effectiveness of the Group’s internal audit function and that
there is an on-going process for identifying, evaluating and managing the significant risks faced by the Group that
threaten the achievement of its business and strategic objectives, and an effective and adequate system of internal
controls and ERM has been in place throughout the year under review, for safeguarding the interests of
shareholders and other key stakeholders such as customers, suppliers, creditors and employees.

The procedures for the handling and dissemination of inside information and handling enquiries from authorities
(forming part of the Manual) set out the detailed internal controls, reporting and authorisation procedures in
connection with:

(a)   the handling and dissemination of inside information in compliance with Rule 13.09 of the Listing Rules and
      Part XIVA of the SFO, where recipients of potential inside information (subject to applicable confidentiality
      obligations and dealing restrictions) will notify the leader of a core team designated by the Board for
      assessment and (as appropriate) reporting to the chairman/acting chairman of the Board (or, failing whom,
      any executive director of the Company) for further assessment and (as appropriate and to the extent
      practicably feasible) escalation to the Board to finally assess any disclosure need in compliance with Rule
      13.09 of the Listing Rules and Part XIVA of the SFO in respect of the potential inside information.

(b)   the handling of enquiries from competent authorities (including the Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Securities
      and Futures Commission), who may make enquiries with the Company on (among other things) unusual
      movements in the price or trading volume of the Company’s shares under Rule 13.10 of the Listing Rules or media
      news or compliance with the Listing Rules, the SFO or other applicable laws and regulations, and such enquiries
      will be handled through the designated core team and (as appropriate) the chairman/acting chairman of the Board
      (or, failing whom, any executive director of the Company) for further assessment and (as appropriate and to the
      extent practicably feasible) escalation to the Board to finally assess proper disclosure.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code, and has formulated and adopted the Authorisation Procedures of the
Model Code and the Securities Dealing Policy since 2005 (each as amended and supplemented from time to time).
Following specific enquiry made by the Company, all the directors of the Company have confirmed that they have
complied with the required standards set out in the Model Code, and the requirements laid down by the aforesaid
Authorisation Procedures and Securities Dealing Policy, in respect of the Company’s securities throughout the year
under review.

SHAREHOLDER AND OTHER KEY STAKEHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS
Communications with Shareholders
The Company has formulated and maintained the shareholders communication policy (forming part of the Manual)
setting out the framework that the Company has put in place to maintain and promote effective communication
and on-going dialogue with its shareholders so as to enable them to engage actively with the Company through
different means of communication and exercise their rights in the capacity as shareholders in an informed manner.
To this end, the Company strives to ensure that all its shareholders have ready and timely access to all publicly
available information relating to the Company.




248    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


On the basis of the views and recommendations from the corporate governance committee, the Board will annually review
the shareholders communication policy to ensure its implementation and effectiveness, and that the shareholders
communication policy will remain relevant to the Company’s needs and reflect both the then current regulatory
requirements and good corporate governance practice. During the year under review, on 20 December 2023, the Board
conducted an ad-hoc review of the shareholders communication policy and adopted a revised shareholders communication
policy, basically to provide for the Company’s issue and publication of its statements regarding corporate communications
to its shareholders under the “Investor Relations — Shareholder Services” section of the Company’s website (which were
uploaded to the Company’s website on or about 28 December 2023) as well as update of the email address of the
Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong through which the Company’s shareholders may approach such branch
share registrar. The shareholders communication policy mentioned below refers to its latest version as so revised.

The shareholders communication policy provides for (among other things) the Company’s updates to its shareholders on
the Group’s latest business developments, financial performance, etc. through its press releases, annual and interim
reports, announcements, circulars and other publications where the Company’s website (https://www.fihmobile.com)
serves as an effective communication platform between the Company and (among others) its shareholders.

The shareholders communication policy also provides for (among other things) the procedures by which enquiries
may be put forward to the Company as follows:

•    The Company’s shareholders may at any time send enquiries (including enquiries to the Board) and requests
     for publicly available information and provide comments and suggestions to the Company. Such enquiries,
     requests, comments and suggestions can be sent through “Contact Us” at the Company’s website
     (https://www.fihmobile.com) or to the company secretary at the following address:

           The Company Secretary of FIH Mobile Limited
           c/o Shenzhen Futaihong Precision Industrial Co., Ltd.
           No. 2, 2nd Donghuan Road
           Longhua District
           Shenzhen City
           Guangdong Province
           518109
           People’s Republic of China

•    For enquiries about their shareholdings in the Company, the shareholders can direct the same to the
     Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at
     currently 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong or by email to
     fih@computershare.com.hk, who has been appointed by the Company to handle the shareholders’ share
     registration and related matters.

•    For the verification of his/her capacity as a shareholder, the shareholder making the enquiry, request,
     comment or suggestion shall forthwith upon the Company’s request provide: (a) his/her name, address and
     other contact details; (b) the number of the Company’s shares held by him/her; (c) his/her written consent to
     the use, transfer and/or processing of his/her personal data and other information provided to the Company
     for the purpose of verifying his/her capacity as a shareholder; and (d) such additional information as the
     Company may reasonably require for the purposes of such verification. The verification process will be
     conducted by the Company, in consultation with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar and other
     third parties if necessary, to the satisfaction of the Company. The Company will proceed to handle the
     relevant enquiry, request, comment or suggestion following a successful verification to its satisfaction.

                                                                                   A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3    249
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•     Following a successful verification of the shareholder’s capacity, the company secretary or the handling officer
      of the Company’s investor relations department (as the case may be) will review the relevant enquiry, request,
      comment or suggestion and (as appropriate) forward the same: (a) to the Board (in case of the handling
      officer of the Company’s investor relations department, through the company secretary) if the same falls
      within the Board’s purview; (b) to the members of the relevant Board committee (in case of the handling
      officer of the Company’s investor relations department, through the company secretary) if the same falls
      within such Board committee’s area of responsibility; and (c) to the appropriate senior management team
      members (or their corresponding delegates) if the same relates to ordinary business matters.

During the year under review, the Company received enquiries brought by its shareholders through the different
communication channels (including without limitation the 2023 AGM as mentioned below) contemplated by the
shareholders communication policy, and responded to all such enquiries in a timely manner.

The shareholders communication policy further provides (among other things) that the annual general meetings
and other general meetings of the Company are the primary forum for communication with the shareholders and
for the shareholders’ exchange of views and participation in discussions with the Board.

During the year under review, the 2023 AGM was held on 19 May 2023. All the directors of the Company
attended the 2023 AGM in person or by means of telephone conference facility. The meeting attendance of each
director is set out in the section headed “Board, Committees and General Meeting” above of this report.

At the 2023 AGM, the Company obtained its shareholders’ approval of the agenda items set forth in the 2023
AGM notice attached to the Company’s circular dated 14 April 2023, and immediately after the close of the 2023
AGM, the Company responded to its shareholder’s enquiries on the spot.

On 7 March 2024, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders communication
policy, and based on the foregoing and the different communication channels available to the Company’s
shareholders thereunder and their effectiveness, the Board has considered that during the year under review and
up to 7 March 2024, such policy has been implemented and remained effective and that the shareholders
communication policy has remained relevant to the Company’s needs and reflected both the then current
regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice.

Moreover, the shareholders communication policy refers to the Company’s statements regarding corporate
communications which are accessible on the Company’s website, providing for (among other things) the means of
dissemination of corporate communications as well as the shareholders’ election of the language and means of
receipt of corporate communications.

In the ESG context, please refer to the Company’s separate 2023 ESG Report as issued and published
simultaneously upon the issuance and publication of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report.

Communications with Key Stakeholders
The Company proactively communicates with its key stakeholders (in addition to its shareholders, including without
limitation employees, suppliers, customers and non-governmental organisations) through various communication
channels to keep them abreast of the Company’s strategies, objectives, latest developments, etc.

For details, please refer to the section headed “Overview on Mechanisms for Independent Views and Inputs” above
of this report and, in the ESG context, the Company’s separate 2023 ESG Report as issued and published
simultaneously upon the issuance and publication of the Company’s 2023 annual report incorporating this report.




250    FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Shareholders’ Right to convene Extraordinary General Meeting and Add Resolutions
to Meeting Agenda
The Company has formulated and maintained the memorandum on shareholder rights (forming part of the
Manual). The memorandum on shareholder rights sets out (among other things) its shareholders’ right to convene
the Company’s extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) and right to add resolutions to the meeting agenda of the
EGM as follows:

•    Pursuant to Article 68 of the Articles, the relevant shareholder(s) is/are entitled to convene an EGM upon
     written requisition in the following manner for transaction of any business or resolution specified on such
     written requisition:

     (a)   Upon the written requisition of any one or more shareholders deposited at the principal place of
           business of the Company in Hong Kong specifying the objects of the EGM and signed by the
           requisitionist(s), provided that such requisitionist(s) held as at the date of deposit of the requisition not
           less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company which carries the right of voting at general
           meetings of the Company. Such requisitionist(s) shall also be able to add resolutions to the meeting
           agenda of the EGM convened upon his/their written requisition, provided that such additional
           resolutions shall be deposited at the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong not less
           than 15 business days before the EGM; or

     (b)   Upon the written requisition of any one Shareholder who is a recognised clearing house (as defined in
           the Articles) or its nominee(s) deposited at the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong
           specifying the objects of the EGM and signed by the requisitionist, provided that such requisitionist held
           as at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the
           Company which carries the right of voting at general meetings of the Company. Such requisitionist shall
           also be able to add resolutions to the meeting agenda of the EGM convened upon its written
           requisition, provided that such additional resolutions shall be deposited at the principal place of business
           of the Company in Hong Kong not less than 15 business days before the EGM.

•    If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene the
     EGM to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) himself/herself/themselves (or any of them
     representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them) may convene the EGM in the same
     manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which EGMs may be convened by the Board, provided that any EGM
     so convened shall not be held after the expiration of 3 months from the date of deposit of the requisition,
     and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be
     reimbursed to him/her/them by the Company.

Procedures for Shareholders’ Enquiries
The Company has formulated and maintained the shareholders communication policy (forming part of the Manual)
setting out (among other things) the procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board as more particularly
described in the section headed “Shareholder and Other Key Stakeholder Communications — Communications
with Shareholders” above of this report.




                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O RT 2 0 2 3     251
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Shareholders’ Right to put forward Proposals at General Meetings
The Company has formulated and maintained the procedures for shareholders to propose candidates for election
as a director of the Company (forming part of the Manual), which is accessible on the website of the Company. In
relation to other proposals which may be put forward at the Company’s general meetings, the Company has
formulated and maintained the memorandum on shareholder rights (forming part of the Manual). The
memorandum on shareholder rights provides for (among other things) the following:

•     In the absence of any general mechanism for the shareholders to put forward other proposals at the
      Company’s general meetings (including, for the avoidance of doubt, to add resolutions to the meeting
      agenda of any such general meetings) under the Cayman Islands Companies Act in force for the time being,
      the shareholder(s) can submit a written requisition (in hard copy form or in electronic form) to move a proper
      resolution at a general meeting of the Company if such shareholder(s) individually or collectively represent(s)
      as at the date of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company which carries
      the right of voting at general meetings of the Company.

•     The written requisition shall:

      a.     state the resolution, accompanied by a statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect to the
             matter referred to in the proposed resolution or other business to be dealt with at the relevant general
             meeting;

      b.     be authenticated by way of the signature(s) of all the requisitionist(s), which may be contained in one
             document or in several documents in like form; and

      c.     be deposited at the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong not less than 15 business
             days before the relevant general meeting. The current address of the Company’s principal place of
             business in Hong Kong is as follows:

             8th Floor, Peninsula Tower
             538 Castle Peak Road
             Cheung Sha Wan, Kowloon
             Hong Kong
             Attention: The Company Secretary

Constitutional Documents
During the year under review, no changes had been made to the constitutional documents of the Company,
namely the Company’s second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. An up-to-date
consolidated version of the Company’s second amended and restated Memorandum and Articles of Association is
available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company respectively.

As to the proposed amendments to the Company’s second amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association as well as the proposed adoption of the Company’s third amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, on 7 March 2024, the Board approved the same for consideration by the Company’s
shareholders at the 2024 AGM, and the Company published the related announcement. For details, please refer to
the Company’s circular as issued and published simultaneously upon the issuance and publication of the Company’s
2023 annual report incorporating this report.



252        FIH MOBILE LIMITED
ANNUAL REPORT
       2023
                Annual Report 2023
