2025
ANNUAL REPORT
Contents
Corporate Information                                                                                         2

Chairman’s Statement                                                                                          3

Profile of Directors and Senior Management                                                                    5

Report of the Directors                                                                                     13

Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                                75

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income                                     79

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                                                81

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                                 83

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                                        84

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                              86

Financial Summary                                                                                         149

Corporate Governance Report                                                                               150




                                                 This annual report is printed on environmentally friendly paper
CORPORATE INFORMATION
as of 13 March 2026


FIH MOBILE LIMITED (THE “COMPANY”, AND TOGETHER WITH ITS SUBSIDIARIES, THE “GROUP”)
(References to “we”, “our” and “us” are references to “the Company” or “the Company’s” (as the case may be).)

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                                PRINCIPAL BANKERS
LIN Chia-Yi (also known as Charles LIN)                            Agricultural Bank of China
  (Chief Executive Officer)                                        Bank of Beijing
KUO Wen-Yi                                                         Bank of China
                                                                   Bank of Communications
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                            China Guangfa Bank
                                                                   China Merchants Bank
HUANG Ying Shih (also known as Philip HUANG)
                                                                   Chinatrust Commercial Bank
 (Chairman of the Board)
                                                                   Citibank
CHANG Chuan-Wang
                                                                   DBS Bank
                                                                   Deutsche Bank
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                                   Industrial Bank
LAU Siu Ki                                                         ING Bank
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN)                          Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis)                Santander Bank
                                                                   Standard Chartered Bank
COMPANY SECRETARY                                                  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
WONG Kin Yan, Vanessa                                              Taipei Fubon Bank
                                                                   The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
REGISTERED OFFICE                                                    Corporation Limited

P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion                                      PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Hibiscus Way
                                                                   AND TRANSFER OFFICE
802 West Bay Road
Grand Cayman, KY1-1205                                             Suntera (Cayman) Limited
Cayman Islands                                                     Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3, Building D
                                                                   P.O. Box 1586
HEAD OFFICE                                                        Gardenia Court, Camana Bay
                                                                   Grand Cayman, KY1-1100
No. 4 Minsheng Street
                                                                   Cayman Islands
Tucheng District
New Taipei City 23679
Taiwan
                                                                   HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
                                                                   REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                                        OFFICE
IN HONG KONG                                                       Computershare Hong Kong Investor
8th Floor, Peninsula Tower                                           Services Limited
538 Castle Peak Road                                               Shops 1712-1716
Cheung Sha Wan                                                     17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
Kowloon                                                            183 Queen’s Road East
Hong Kong                                                          Wanchai, Hong Kong

AUDITOR                                                            WEBSITE
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu                                           www.fihmobile.com
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
                                                                   STOCK CODE
LEGAL ADVISOR                                                      2038
Dentons Hong Kong LLP


2        FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 to you.

Overall Performance
The Group recorded revenue of US$6,657.7 million, reflecting a measured increase of 16.7% from 2024,
attributable to higher revenue contributions across all three business segments. Driven by improved gross
margins and effective control of operating expenses, the Company recorded a marked improvement in
its financial condition and successfully reversed prior losses to achieve profitability. The net profit of the
Company for 2025 was US$54.1 million, a notable recovery from the US$20.2 million loss in 2024. Building
on a restored profitable position, the Company maintains a significantly strengthened financial foundation in
2025. Our disciplined approach to business development and robust cash flow have allowed us to navigate
challenges with composure. As we approach 2026, we adopt a prudent outlook, focusing on preserving
financial resilience amidst a changing economic landscape.

Business Review
Smart Manufacturing remains one of the Group’s three core business pillars. By capitalizing on over two
decades of expertise in communication technology, we have made significant strides in delivering integrated
hardware and software solutions that address our customers ’ evolving needs. The Group has worked
closely with customers to deploy cutting-edge, end-to-end automated production lines for products beyond
smartphones. These fully automated systems – bolstered by our in-house automation equipment and fixture
development – not only minimize reliance on scarce manual labor and eliminate human error but also drive
superior manufacturing efficiency and operational stability.

FIH’s Automotive Electronics business focuses on delivering integrated solutions including Telematics Control
Units (TCU), High-Performance Computing (HPC), Zonal Control Units (ZCU), Smart Cockpits, and Advanced
Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS). The Group achieved significant milestones in safety and cybersecurity,
obtaining dual ISO 26262 (Functional Safety) and ISO/SAE 21434 (Cybersecurity) certifications for our TCU
products this year and actively promoted its vision of “Driving the Future of Smart Mobility” by showcasing
advanced HPC and IVI systems at major global events including IAA Mobility 2025 and CES 2026. The Group
has built a strong foundation for its automotive electronics division with a certified global manufacturing
network. Its facilities in Mexico, Vietnam, and China are all IATF 16949 accredited, ensuring world-class
production standards.

By engineering proprietary automation tools and robotics, FIH strengthens its ability to deliver specialized
automation equipment development and fixture development, which defines modern smart manufacturing.
These innovations empower industry-leading customers to navigate dynamic market demands with flexible,
resilient manufacturing strategies. As an example, FIH AI recycling robot, equipped with an AI-powered sorting
system, has successfully transformed labor-intensive recycling work. FIH AI recycling robot has begun operating
at several recycling sites in Taiwan and the U.S. and was showcased at WasteExpo 2025, one of the largest
trade exhibitions for waste, recycling and organics in North America.

As the global demand for Edge AI shifts from concept to mass-market adoption, the Group is positioned as
a premier partner for on-device intelligence. Leveraging our core strengths in communication technology,
electronics manufacturing and robotics automation, we enable our customers to bring sophisticated, AI-ready
devices into their industrial, enterprise and consumer solutions.



                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025           3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (Continued)


Sustainability Achievements
In 2025, FIH made steady and meaningful progress in advancing responsible operations and sustainable
management, reinforcing sustainability as a core pillar of our long-term strategy. Our ESG efforts continued to
receive recognition from leading sustainability rating agencies, reflecting enhanced governance, transparency,
credibility, and execution. During the year, the Group was awarded the EcoVadis Silver Medal, ranking FIH
among the top 8% of companies assessed globally, and consistently maintained a B rating in the CDP Climate
Change and Water Security modules. Sustainalytics reaffirmed FIH’s “Low Risk” rating with a risk score of
12.5, while MSCI maintained our ESG rating at BB, reflecting stable and consistent sustainability performance.

Operationally, we achieved a further milestone in our energy transition, with renewable electricity usage
reaching a new high, accounting for 57.87% of total electricity consumption, demonstrating continued
progress toward a lower-carbon operating model. In parallel, the Group obtained and maintained multiple
internationally recognized ESG-related certifications, translating our sustainability strategy into tangible
operational practices across regions. Notably, our Global Headquarters achieved a 100% waste diversion
rate and obtained UL 2799 Zero Waste to Landfill Platinum certification, with 8 of our 11 major operational
sites now UL 2799 certified. We also strengthened ethical governance through the ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery
Management System certification.

Looking ahead, the Group’s 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report sets clear targets for
2026 and outlines our ambitions through 2030. A key commitment is to achieve 75% renewable electricity
usage by 2030, accelerating our original target of 50% by 2030 to further strengthen our transition toward
low-carbon operations.

On behalf of the board of directors of the Company (the “Board“), I extend my sincere gratitude to our
investors, customers, business partners, and government officials for their unwavering support. I also want to
acknowledge the dedication and contributions of our management and staff. Your hard work and belief in our
vision have been instrumental in our progress. 2025 has been a year of significant improvement in our overall
financial performance, reflecting the effectiveness of our strategic initiatives and disciplined execution. Looking
ahead to 2026, while we remain confident in the Group’s financial and technological fundamentals, we will
adopt a prudent and measured approach in light of ongoing market uncertainties, with a continued focus on
sustainable operations and long-term value creation. Together, we will continue building a more diversified
and prosperous future while remaining committed to ESG initiatives for the Group and our shareholders’ long-
term value. We will prioritize sustainability across our operations and supply chains, while maintaining the
highest governance standards. Thank you for your continued trust and support.

With best regards,




HUANG Ying Shih
Chairman of the Board

13 March 2026




4       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


DIRECTORS
Executive Director
Mr. LIN Chia-Yi (also known as Charles LIN), aged 55, executive director and the chief executive officer
of the Company. Mr. Lin has acted as an executive director of the Company since March 2023 and has been
appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company since 1 July 2024. The length of tenure of Mr. Lin
as a director of the Company is, as at the date of the 2025 annual report, about 3 years. Mr. Lin was last re-
elected as a director of the Company in May 2023 and will be subject to re-election by rotation at the annual
general meeting to be held in May 2026 in accordance with the articles of association (the “Articles“) of the
Company. Mr. Lin has over 29 years of experience in communication and computer industries and extensive
expertise and experience in research and development (R&D) engineering, new product introduction (NPI),
and manufacturing management. Mr. Lin is the chairman (previously, a director during the period from
August 2018 to February 2024) of Chiun Mai Communication Systems, Inc. (“CMCS”) and a director of
Execustar International Limited, both being subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Lin has been appointed as a non-
executive director of Mobile Drive Netherlands B.V. (a joint venture incorporated in the Netherlands indirectly
50%-owned by the Company) with effect from 15 July 2024. During the period from January to June 2024,
Mr. Lin was a director of 深圳富泰宏精密工業有限公司 (Shenzhen Futaihong Precision Industrial Co., Ltd.,
for identification purposes only), a subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Lin exhibits entrepreneurial mindset with
outstanding skills in strategic planning, business development, and leadership. He has proven experience in
resource optimization, operational efficiency, P&L management, risk control, and talent development. Mr. Lin
has excellent communication skill, is adept at building trusting relationship with stakeholders, and is dedicated
to delivering successful products to customers. In addition, Mr. Lin is currently leading the team in building
artificial intelligent core technology based on current core technologies, and has been actively participating
in the Group “3+3” (three key industries “electric vehicles, digital health, and robotics industries” and three
key technologies “artificial intelligence, semiconductors and next-generation communication technologies”)
strategy ’ s new business development in robotics segment as an upfront investment for its long-term
development. He joined the Group in 2005 and was in charge of the original design manufacturing (ODM)
business operation when the Group acquired CMCS. Mr. Lin has led the team to transform feature phone
ODM business to smartphone (SP) ODM business successfully in 2012. Furthermore, he has performed multi-
functional roles across business operation, R&D engineering, NPI engineering, and manufacturing and built
highly trusted partnerships with customers in launching a series of premium SP products since 2017. Before
joining the Company, Mr. Lin was the product manager of BenQ (formerly known as Acer Communications
and Multimedia, Inc.) and Quanta Computer Inc. from 1996 to 2001. He also worked with Acer as a strategic
sourcing officer in which he had been delegated to Netherlands for 2 years and leading of the procurement
management team. Mr. Lin joined CMCS in 2001, mainly responsible for product management. Mr. Lin
obtained a master’s degree in business (MBA) from National Taiwan University in 1994 and a bachelor’s degree
in marine environmental engineering from National Sun Yat-sen University in 1992.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025            5
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (Continued)


DIRECTORS (Continued)
Executive Director
Dr. KUO Wen-Yi, aged 60, was appointed as an executive director of the Company on 29 June 2018. The
length of tenure of Dr. Kuo as a director of the Company is, as at the date of the 2025 annual report, about
7 years and 9 months. Dr. Kuo was last re-elected as a director of the Company in May 2025 and will be
subject to re-election by rotation at the annual general meeting to be held in May 2028 in accordance with
the Articles. He is also a member of the corporate governance committee of the Company. Dr. Kuo joined the
Group in December 2014 and is currently the vice president of the Group. Dr. Kuo is a director of Nextpert
Inc. (a subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Taiwan) and ICI Cayman Limited and a supervisor of 深
圳市富宏訊科技有限公司 (Shenzhen Fu Hong Xun Technology Co., Ltd., for identification purposes only)
and a supervisor of 益富可視精密工業(深圳)有限公司 (InFocus Precision Industry (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., for
identification purposes only) respectively, all being wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. Dr. Kuo has
more than 31 years of extensive experiences in wireless communication product research and development,
international business development, start-up business, corporate management and risk management. Before
joining the Company in December 2014, Dr. Kuo was the founder and the chief executive officer of BandRich
Inc. ( “ BandRich ” ) from March 2006 to December 2014. The core businesses of BandRich were product
development and sales of 3.5G (also known as High Speed Downlink Packet Access (HSDPA)) and 4G LTE
(the Fourth Generation of Mobile Phone Mobile Communication Technology Standards Long-Term Evolution)
wireless routers and communication modules for home, vehicle and outdoor applications. BandRich partnered
with the world’s dominant wireless infrastructure suppliers Ericsson and Alcatel-Lucent and sold products to
worldwide operators. From April 2003 to February 2006, Dr. Kuo was the senior director (department head)
of Compal Electronics Inc. (a listed company in Taiwan) and was in charge of the business in 3G (the Third
Generation of Wireless Mobile Telecommunications Technology) mobile phone. From May 2000 to July 2002,
Dr. Kuo was the co-founder and the chief technology officer of Wiscom Technologies (“Wiscom”) in New
Jersey, the United States of America (“U.S.” or the “United States”). Wiscom was focusing on development
of 3G mobile phone baseband chip. Wiscom ’ s intellectual property rights were later acquired by Intel
Corporation. From April 1999 to May 2000, Dr. Kuo was the principal technical staff member of AT&T Labs,
engaged in 3G WCDMA (Wideband Code Division Multiple Access) system researches. From January 1995
to April 1999, Dr. Kuo worked in Bell Laboratories of Lucent Technologies on CDMA (Code Division Multiple
Access) and WCDMA research and development on network infrastructures. Dr. Kuo is the inventor of 43 U.S.
wireless communications patents. He received the IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) Leonard
G. Abraham Prize in 2001. He was an adjunct professor at New Jersey Institute of Technology in 1998. Dr. Kuo
received a Bachelor Degree of Science in Communications Engineering from National Chiao Tung University,
Taiwan in 1987, a Master Degree of Science in Electrical Engineering from National Taiwan University in 1989,
and a Doctoral Degree of Philosophy in Electrical Engineering from Purdue University, U.S. in 1994.




6       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (Continued)


DIRECTORS (Continued)
Non-Executive Director
Mr. HUANG Ying Shih (also known as Philip HUANG), aged 55, has been appointed as a non-executive
director and the Chairman of the Board and the chairman of the corporate governance committee of the
Company with effect from 31 October 2025, and his length of tenure as a director of the Company is about
4 months as at the date of the 2025 annual report. He will be subject to re-election at the annual general
meeting to be held in May 2026 in accordance with the Articles. Mr. Huang has also been appointed as the
chairman of 智擎尖端科技股份有限公司 (Intellex Works Co., Ltd., for identification purposes only) with effect
from 10 December 2025 and 富智康國際股份有限公司 (FIH Co., Ltd., for identification purposes only) with
effect from 17 December 2025, all being subsidiaries of the Company incorporated in Taiwan. Mr. Huang
has more than 27 years of professional experience in corporate management, financial governance, and
digital transformation. His career covers Big Four accounting firms, multinational technology enterprises, and
global manufacturing groups possessing strong financial expertise with extensive cross-industry management
experience. Mr. Huang began his career at Arthur Andersen & Company and Deloitte Consulting, where
he actively participated in numerous SAP ERP implementation and process integration projects. Meanwhile,
he gained solid auditing and compliance experience while advising listed companies on internal controls,
management frameworks, and organizational transformation. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Huang joined the
Hon Hai Technology Group (also known as “Foxconn”) (comprising Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd.
(“Hon Hai”), being the Company’s ultimate controlling shareholder, whose shares are listed on the Taiwan
Stock Exchange Corporation, along with its subsidiaries and associates), where he assumed key financial and
managerial responsibilities, including financial consolidation for the listing of Foxconn International Holdings
Limited (the Company’s former name) in Hong Kong in 2005 and overseeing the consolidation of accounting
and management reports of the Group’s then subsidiaries across Shenzhen, Beijing, and Hungary. From 2007
to 2010, Mr. Huang worked at Hewlett-Packard Taiwan as Head of the SAP Consulting Services Department,
focusing on process improvements and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adoption for
multinational clients. From 2012 to 2016, he was associated with Ernst & Young Business Consulting,
specializing in corporate management and financial transformation. From 2016 to 2019, he served as
Assistant Vice President at Systex Corporation, leading the consulting team and strengthening service delivery
models. Mr. Huang rejoined the Hon Hai Technology Group in 2020 and now serves as Head of the Strategic
Controlling Division for the Hon Hai Technology Group’s “3+3” new business initiatives. He is responsible for
overseeing strategy execution, investment planning, and post-investment management to ensure continuous
corporate growth and compliance with governance standards. He also supervises the operations of the sub-
groups of the Hon Hai Technology Group and serves as CFO Advisor to Sharp Corporation, supporting
operational performance, brand development improvement, and the advancement of the Hon Hai Technology
Group’s new strategic directions. Mr. Huang is a director of Foxtron Vehicle Technologies Co., Ltd., Pan-
International Industrial Corp., Advanced Power Electronics Corp. and Shunsin Technology Holdings Limited
(whose shares of the above four companies are listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation). He is also
the chairman of the board of Healthconn Corp. and a director of Long Time Tech. Co., Ltd. (both are public
companies in Taiwan). All the above companies are subsidiaries of the Hon Hai Technology Group. He also acts
as director of certain subsidiaries and joint-venture companies of Hon Hai. Mr. Huang obtained a Bachelor’s
degree in accounting from Tunghai University, Taiwan in 1994 and a Master’s degree in accounting from
National Chung Cheng University, Taiwan in 1996.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025            7
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (Continued)


DIRECTORS (Continued)
Non-Executive Director
Mr. CHANG Chuan-Wang, aged 56, was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company on 29
June 2023. The length of tenure of Mr. Chang as a director of the Company is, as at the date of the 2025
annual report, about 2 years and 9 months. Mr. Chang was last re-elected as a director of the Company in
May 2024 and will be subject to re-election by rotation at the annual general meeting to be held in May
2027 in accordance with the Articles. Mr. Chang has over 32 years’ experience in the information and
communication technology industry. In May 2009, Mr. Chang joined Hon Hai and the Hon Hai Technology
Group (comprising Hon Hai, its subsidiaries and associates), focusing on group business strategy, operation
control and performance analysis management. He has acted as the chairman of Foxconn Intrinsic Intelligent
Factories, LLC, (which is a joint venture incorporated in Delaware, U.S., between Hon Hai and Google LLC)
since October 2025. Mr. Chang is currently an assistant vice president of the strategic controlling division in
Hon Hai. He currently serves as the executive director of ENNOCONN Corporation (principally operating the
business of industrial computer design, manufacture, processing and sale, whose shares are listed on the
Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation) on behalf of Hon Hai. Since April 2023, Mr. Chang is the chairman of
the board of directors, a non-executive director and a member of the remuneration committee of CircuTech
International Holdings Limited (whose ultimate controlling shareholder is Hon Hai and whose shares are listed
on GEM board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange/HKEX”), principally
operating the business of IT product sale and distribution). Mr. Chang has respectively served as the chairman
of the board of directors, an executive director, a chairman of the nomination committee and a member of
the remuneration committee of Maxnerva Technology Services Limited since March 2024 and served as a non-
executive director and a member of the remuneration committee of FIT Hon Teng Limited since June 2024
(both companies’ ultimate controlling shareholder is Hon Hai and whose shares are listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange). Mr. Chang obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Automatic Control Engineering from
Feng Chia University in 1992 and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the Graduate Institute of
Management at Feng Chia University in 2007. In 2007, he was awarded the honorary membership of Phi Tau
Phi Scholastic Honor Society for his outstanding academic achievements.




8       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (Continued)


DIRECTORS (Continued)
Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. LAU Siu Ki, aged 67, joined the Company as an independent non-executive director in December 2004.
The length of tenure of Mr. Lau as a director of the Company is, as at the date of the 2025 annual report,
about 21 years and 3 months. Mr. Lau was last re-elected as a director of the Company in May 2024 and will
be subject to re-election by rotation at the annual general meeting to be held in May 2027 in accordance with
the Articles. He is the chairman of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee
respectively of the Company. He has over 40 years of experience in corporate governance, corporate finance,
financial advisory and management, accounting, auditing and risk management. Mr. Lau is currently a financial
advisory consultant running his own management consultancy firm, Hin Yan Consultants Limited. Previously,
Mr. Lau worked at Ernst & Young for over 15 years. He graduated from Hong Kong Polytechnic in 1981. Mr.
Lau is a fellow member of both the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (“ACCA”) and Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Lau was a member of the World Council of ACCA from 2002
to 2011 and was the chairman of ACCA Hong Kong in 2000/2001. During these years, he has helped raising
the profile of ACCA. He serves as an independent non-executive director of Binhai Investment Company
Limited, Embry Holdings Limited and TCL Electronics Holdings Limited, whose shares are listed on the Stock
Exchange. Mr. Lau also serves as company secretary of Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited, Hung Fook
Tong Group Holdings Limited and Expert Systems Holdings Limited (whose shares are listed on the Stock
Exchange). In addition, he was an independent non-executive director of Comba Telecom Systems Holdings
Limited from 20 June 2003 to 29 December 2023 and IVD Medical Holding Limited (currently known as ETHK
Labs Inc.) during the period from 21 June 2019 to 28 March 2024 (the shares of both companies are listed on
the Stock Exchange). He was also an independent non-executive director of Samson Holding Ltd. during the
period from 24 October 2005 to 7 November 2024, whose listing on the Stock Exchange was withdrawn with
effect from 7 November 2024. On 31 October 2019, the Securities and Futures Commission announced that
it had started Market Misconduct Tribunal (“MMT”) proceedings against China Medical & Healthcare Group
Limited and six individuals who were its directors at the relevant time, including Mr. Lau, for failing to disclose
inside information as soon as reasonably practicable. On 12 May 2021, the Securities and Futures Commission
announced the conclusion of those proceedings and the MMT’s findings, including those against Mr. Lau.
The Company carefully assessed the MMT’s findings, and concluded that it remained in the Company’s best
interests to retain Mr. Lau as an independent non-executive director and as chairman of its audit, remuneration
and nomination and independent board committees. Please see the Company’s announcements of 12 and 20
May 2021 and page 119 of the Company’s 2021 interim report (as issued and published on 15 September
2021) for further details of the Company’s assessment.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025            9
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (Continued)


DIRECTORS (Continued)
Independent Non-Executive Director
Ms. CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN), aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-
executive director of the Company on 19 May 2023, and she will be subject to re-election by rotation at the
annual general meeting to be held in May 2026 in accordance with the Articles. The length of tenure of Ms.
Chen as a director of the Company is, as at the date of the 2025 annual report, about 2 years and 10 months.
She is also a member of each of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee
of the Company. She has over 37 years of experience in the financial sector, professional knowledge in
operational judgement, accounting and financial analysis, operation and management, and also accumulated
rich experience in risk management. Ms. Chen has been a board member and speaker of the ACAMS Taiwan
Chapter (focusing on providing education and training on AML (Anti-Money Laundering)/CFT (Combating
Financing of Terrorism) in Taiwan) since 2018. Since November 2019, she has also been the chairlady of the
Female Leadership Committee of the Taiwan Listed Companies Association which is one of Taiwan’s most
important economic and trade associations aiming to combine outstanding entrepreneurs and professionals to
build a platform for mutual exchange and brainstorming and share learning to expand participants’ broader
and far-reaching horizons and more substantial competitiveness. The total market value of all association
members accounts for 20% of the total market value of the Taiwan stock market. Ms. Chen has been
appointed as an independent director of Sinyi Realty Inc. (which is a Taiwan’s well-known real estate agency
group, whose shares are listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation) with effect from 21 May 2025.
She has been appointed as a non-executive director of EasyCard Corporation (a company providing contactless
smartcard payment system (EasyCard) services in Taiwan, whose shares are listed on the Emerging Stock
Market of Taipei Exchange) with effect from 27 June 2023. She has also been appointed as the chairlady of
EasyCard Investment Holding Co., Ltd. (parent company to EasyCard Corporation) with effect from 30 June
2023. Ms. Chen serves as an independent director of IBF Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. (which is a financial
holding company engaged mainly in bills finance, securities, and venture capital services, whose shares are
listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation) and Shieh Yih Machinery Industry Co., Ltd. (which is the
world’s top five servo punch manufacturer and the world’s top 20 machine tools equipment leader with a
global presence, whose shares are listed on Taipei Exchange) with effect from 12 June 2020 and 27 May 2022
respectively. She is also an independent director of International Bills Finance Corporation (a wholly-owned
subsidiary of IBF Financial Holdings Co., Ltd., which mainly provides bill finance services in Taiwan) with effect
from 28 August 2020. Ms. Chen was a board director of Aegis Custody Co., Ltd. (a company providing one-
stop blockchain based custodial solutions) during the period from November 2020 to December 2021. Prior to
the foregoing, Ms. Chen held certain leadership and senior managerial positions in the banking and financial
industry, including a country executive and managing director (Taiwan) in The Bank of New York Mellon Taipei
Branch from August 2007 to October 2019, and a chief representative and country manager for Commerzbank
AG Taipei Representative Office from November 2002 to August 2007. Ms. Chen received an Executive Master
of Business Administration degree with an emphasis in International Finance Management and an International
Executive Master of Business Administration degree in International Finance and Investment from National
Taipei University in 2000 and 2006 respectively.




10      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (Continued)


DIRECTORS (Continued)
Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis), aged 61, was appointed as an independent
non-executive director of the Company on 29 June 2023. The length of tenure of Mr. Chiu as a director of
the Company is, as at the date of the 2025 annual report, about 2 years and 9 months. Mr. Chiu was last
re-elected as a director of the Company in May 2024 and will be subject to re-election by rotation at the
annual general meeting to be held in May 2027 in accordance with the Articles. He is also a member of each
of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee of the Company. Mr. Chiu has
over 33 years’ experience in leading foreign banks, large corporate, consulting firm and academy. In recent
years, Mr. Chiu proactively engaged in sustainable finance, offshore wind and solar power project finance and
advisory business. He has been an advisor and a lecturer of Taiwan Academy of Banking and Finance, focusing
on international advanced banking training program and sustainable finance, project finance, international
loan syndication and acquisition finance in Taiwan since April 2022 and he will continue to focus on the
development of sustainability strategy and management. Mr. Chiu worked at BNP Paribas Taipei Branch during
the period from 1997 to 2009 and from 2016 to February 2022, where he held various senior managerial
positions such as the interim head of Taiwan branches, managing director and head of Corporate Banking,
head of Loan Syndication, Trust and Custodian and also Correspondent Banking. He was also a director of
Structured Finance Loan Syndication (Greater China) in BNP Paribas Hong Kong Branch during the period
from 2009 to 2011. He was a consultant of E-United Group (a Taiwan company in the steel industry) and was
a lecturer at the Banking and Finance Department of the China University of Technology in 2016. Prior to
the foregoing, Mr. Chiu held certain leadership and senior managerial positions in the banking and financial
industry, including an executive director and head of Global Corporate Banking in J. P. Morgan Taipei Branch
during the period from 2012 to 2015, and a director of Fixed Income in Credit Suisse Taipei Branch during
the period from 2011 to 2012. In his senior management positions, Mr. Chiu has acted as chairperson or
a member of the Business Continuity Planning Committee and Internal Control Committee. He was also a
credit approver and a member of Credit Committee at BNP Paribas and has accumulated rich knowledge and
experience in risk management. Mr. Chiu received a Bachelor of Science, Industrial Engineering degree from
Chung-Yuan Christian University in 1987 and a Master of Business Administration degree from The University
of Connecticut in 1994.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025           11
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (Continued)


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. CHEN Hui Chung, John, aged 64, joined the Company as senior director of finance division in August
2013. He is responsible for treasury, financial investment and financial risk management of the Group. Mr.
Chen has over 36 years of experience in finance areas in Taiwan listed companies. Before joining the Company,
he was the chief financial officer of Taiwan Synthetic Rubber Corp and Wan Hai Lines Ltd. respectively. Mr.
Chen is the chairman and a non-executive director of Bharat FIH Limited (formerly known as Rising Stars
Mobile India Private Limited and then Bharat FIH Private Limited (“BFIH”) and a director of FIH Co., Ltd.,
both being subsidiaries of the Company. He received a Bachelor of Transportation and Communication from
National Cheng Kung University, Taiwan in 1983 and a MBA from University of California Irvine, U.S. in 1987.

Mr. HSIUNG Nai-Pin, Paul, aged 61, joined the Company as director of business development in January
2003. He is responsible for operations in America region including production, logistics and after-market
service since 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Hsiung held various functions and positions in mobile phone industry with
the Company. From 2003 to 2008, he was responsible for business development and project management in
Florida, U.S. From 2009 to 2012, he was responsible for mobile phone design and development in Florida, U.S.,
and also product manufacturing at Langfang, China. Before joining the Company, Mr. Hsiung was a director at
Test Research, Inc. (a Taiwan listed company) for 8 years and responsible for international sales and marketing.
Mr. Hsiung was a director of iCare Diagnostics, Inc. and DirectMDx, Inc. (both of which are incorporated in
Delaware, U.S.) between 28 December 2020 to 20 January 2021 respectively. Mr. Hsiung is also a director of
certain subsidiaries of the Company, namely Excel Loyal International Limited, FIH Mexico Industry S.A. de C.V.,
Prospect Right Limited, S&B Industry, Inc. and Sutech Holdings Limited respectively. He was a director of FIH
(Tian Jin) Precision Industry Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of the Company incorporated in China) from June 2011 to
November 2021. He obtained a Bachelor degree of Applied Physics from Tamkang University, Taiwan and a
Master degree of Computer Science from New York Institute of Technology, U.S.

Mr. TAM Kam Wah, Danny, aged 62, joined the Company as senior manager of financial control in October
2004. Mr. Tam is the chief financial officer of the Company. He is responsible for accounting and internal
and external financial reporting, financial planning, taxation, investment management, internal control,
corporate governance, risk management and performance review of the Group. He is a non-executive director
of BFIH and was a non-executive director of Mobile Drive Netherlands B.V. (a joint venture incorporated in
the Netherlands indirectly 50%-owned by the Company) during the period from December 2021 to July
2024. Mr. Tam has over 38 years of experience in accounting and finance in Hong Kong listed companies and
multinational companies. Prior to joining the Company, he worked as a financial controller for ITT Industries
and Hutchison Harbour Ring Ltd. (now known as China Oceanwide Holdings Limited) and he also worked as
an accounting manager for Coates Brothers (HK) Co., Ltd. Mr. Tam is an associate of Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Tam received a BBA from Chinese University of Hong Kong in 1988, a Master
of Applied Finance from Macquarie University, Australia in 1994, a Master of Business Administration degree
from University of Ottawa, Canada in 1996, and a Master of Arts degree in Information System and a Master
of Arts degree in Electronic Business from City University of Hong Kong in 1999 and 2002 respectively. Mr.
Tam also received a Master of Accounting from Jinan University, the People’s Republic of China in 2005.




12      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) hereby announces the Company’s 2025 annual report
incorporating this report of the directors, particularly the audited consolidated results of the Group for the
year ended 31 December 2025 (the “current period”, “current year”, the “year”, “reporting year” or
“reporting period”).

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out
in the consolidated financial statements on pages 146 and 147. The Group is principally engaged as a vertically
integrated manufacturing services provider for the handset industry worldwide. It provides a wide range of
manufacturing services to its customers in connection with production of handsets. For more details, please
refer to the section headed “Business Review — Discussion and Analysis — Introduction” below of this report
of the directors.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the current period are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages
79 to 80.

BUSINESS REVIEW
Important
The consolidated final results of the Group for the current year, as set out in this report, have been reviewed
and audited in accordance with the relevant accounting and financial standards. The Group ’s results of
operations have fluctuated in the past and may continue to fluctuate, possibly significantly, from one period or
quarter to another. Accordingly, the results for any period or quarter should not be regarded as indicative of
the results for future periods or quarters. In particular, the Chinese New Year holiday (especially the extended
breaks in Chinese Mainland, Vietnam and Taiwan) in the first quarter generally results in a low season for the
industry in which the Group operates. As a result, the Group’s first-quarter performance is usually weaker and
less representative than that of other quarters. In addition, the Company’s customers have distinct seasonal
demand patterns, which directly affect the timing and volume of production and shipment during the year.

Reference is made to the Company’s financial information announcement dated 7 November 2025, which
provided updates on its expected 2025 annual performance and outlined various factors contributing to the
Group’s consolidated net profit for the current period. The factors discussed in the “Discussion and Analysis”
section are expected to continue to affect the Group’s performance in the first half of 2026 (“1H 2026”) and
the year ending 31 December 2026 (“FY 2026”). In this regard, please also refer to “Outlook and Industry
Dynamics” below.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025           13
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Important (Continued)
This report contains forward-looking statements regarding the Company ’ s expectations and outlook on
the Group ’ s order book, cost structure, business policies, operations, performance, financial condition,
opportunities, risks, threats, and prospects. Such statements are subject to various uncertainties, including
macroeconomic conditions, regulatory changes, competitive pressures, cost volatility, and operational execution
risks, and do not constitute guarantees of the Group’s future performance or order book. Actual results and
order book may differ materially from those expressed due to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and
other factors beyond the Group’s control.

While the Group believes these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, they
involve risks and uncertainties relating to operations, markets, and the broader business and macroeconomic
environment. If these risks or uncertainties materialise, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual
outcomes may differ materially from those indicated. New and unpredictable risks and challenges may also
arise from time to time, and management cannot predict or assess all such factors or their impact. For further
details, please refer to “Outlook and Industry Dynamics” below. The Company undertakes no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required under the Rules Governing the Listing
of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the ”Listing Rules”) and the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter
571) as amended from time to time (the “SFO”).

Accordingly, shareholders of the Company and potential investors are advised to exercise caution
when dealing in the shares of the Company.

Discussion and Analysis
Introduction

The Company was established in 2003 and listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in 2005 (stock
code: 2038.HK). It is a subsidiary of Hon Hai (together with its subsidiaries and/or associates as defined in the
Listing Rules) (the “Hon Hai Technology Group”), the world’s largest electronics manufacturer and a leading
technological solution provider listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (stock code: 2317.TW).

The Group is customer-oriented and provides one-stop solutions covering the entire product lifecycle, from
design conceptualisation and product development to high-volume manufacturing. Its services include product
development and design, precision casings and components manufacturing, PCBA (Printed Circuit Board
Assembly), full-system assembly integration, supply chain services and solutions, and after-market support such
as return management and product repair and refurbishment. With strong Original Equipment Manufacturing
(“OEM”) and Original Design Manufacturing (“ODM”) capabilities, the Group continues to meet specific
market and customer product lifecycle requirements.

Against a backdrop of macroeconomic headwinds, geopolitical uncertainty, intense competition and changing
global trade dynamics, the Group further strengthened its strategic framework in 2025 with a focus on
diversification, technological advancement and operational resilience. This strategy includes exploring
new market opportunities, developing new customer relationships and strengthening existing ones. Key
developments during the year include:



14      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Introduction (Continued)
(I)     Gross margin improvement — Gross margin increased to 3.08% in the current period from 2.36% in
        the prior-year period, mainly due to the exit from unprofitable or low-margin businesses and a shift in
        customer and product mix toward automotive electronics, manufacturing equipment and robotics with
        greater emphasis on value-added offerings. The Group also optimised capacity utilisation, improved
        efficiency and maintained disciplined cost control. Operational restructuring, including the reduction
        of indirect labour and site consolidation, continued, particularly in response to the contraction of
        operations in China.

(II)    Progress in the three main business categories — In smart manufacturing, the Group diversified its
        customer and product portfolio and implemented automated production lines to enhance supply chain
        resilience. In automotive electronics, competitiveness was strengthened through product innovation and
        the attainment of key safety certifications. The Group also commenced the provision of automation
        equipment and fixture development services within the Hon Hai Technology Group, while continuing to
        supply Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) recycling robots to external customers.

(III)   Expanding overseas production capacity — Overseas capacity was expanded to support regional
        customer demand and capture domestic market opportunities. The Group ’ s ability to reallocate
        production among facilities enabled it to respond to tariff-driven customer requirements.

(IV)    Investing in technology and long-term partnerships — The Group continues to invest in technological
        capabilities and long-term customer partnerships by providing high value-added products and services.
        Research and Development (“R&D”) resources will be deployed in line with medium- to long-term
        development priorities.

(V)     U.S. tariff measures — New U.S. tariffs imposed in April 2025 created risks to the Group’s cost structure
        and supply chain. The Group monitored developments and implemented mitigation measures, including
        local sourcing and alternative production arrangements.

Despite the 2025 April tariff announcements and record-long government shutdown in the United States, the
U.S. full-year GDP growth for 2025 was recorded at a solid 2.2% annual rate, supported by AI investment,
lower interest rates and fiscal measures, while China recorded GDP growth of 5% with increased policy
support to stabilise domestic demand.

The electronic manufacturing services (“EMS”) industry saw an unusual revenue increase in the first half of
2025 due to pull-in orders related to trade policy uncertainty. Subsequently, shortages of DRAM and NAND/
SSD driven by rapid AI expansion led to higher component prices and constrained supply for smartphones and
PCs.

In a complex external environment marked by geopolitical risks, supply chain disruptions, tariff volatility and
rising ESG expectations, the Group remains focused on innovation, operational flexibility and customer-
centric strategies. It continues to adjust its production footprint and strengthen technological capabilities
and partnerships to support product diversification and long-term customer collaboration, with the aim of
capturing opportunities and achieving sustainable growth.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025           15
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Key Relationships with Customers, Suppliers and Employees

Key Relationships with Customers
In 2025, the Group’s top five customers accounted for approximately 86.82% of total revenue. For this
ranking, sales to Hon Hai and Sharp are aggregated and treated as a single customer under the Hon Hai
Technology Group. 2025 marked a pivotal shift in revenue structure: unlike 2024, when the top five customers
were mainly from the smartphone sector, 2025 saw the successful entry of key customers from automotive
electronics and smart manufacturing for non-mobile products. This demonstrates the Group’s diversification
strategy and ability to capture opportunities beyond the mobile market.

In automotive electronics, the Group leveraged its expertise in antenna design, thermal management, and
hardware/software integration to supply Telematics Control Units ( “ TCU ” ) to a world-class automobile
manufacturer, marking its entry into the global automotive supply chain. Following mass production and
shipments, revenue from this customer increased approximately fourfold over 2024, making it one of the
Group’s top five contributors.

In smart manufacturing, two non-mobile customers entered the Group’ s top five revenue contributors,
including a global leader in enterprise-grade communication modules and a leading provider of electronic
shelf labelling (“ESL”) systems. Fully automated production lines for these customers enhanced operational
efficiency, margin optimisation, and ESG outcomes through improved energy efficiency and sustainable
operations.

Despite the diversification, the leading smartphone customer remains a solid foundation. Strong demand for
premium models and adoption of advanced features drove significant shipment growth and robust orders in
this year.

Hon Hai Technology Group, including Hon Hai and Sharp, represents another significant smart manufacturing
customer, accounting for 19.46% of the Group’s total revenue.

(I)    The Group has long served as a strategic supplier of consumer electronic products, including eReaders,
       tablets, and smart speakers, to Hon Hai. However, longer replacement cycle and highly saturated market
       have led to a reduction in customer demand, resulting in a decline in sales to this customer.

(II)   Sharp, an associate of Hon Hai under the Listing Rules, offers electronic products including smartphones,
       home appliances, displays, and other Internet of Things (“IoT”s) devices; it is also an ODM customer
       of the Group. In 2025, Sharp strengthened its smartphone portfolio with mid-range models featuring
       enhanced AI capabilities and expanded its product range with devices such as “Pocket WiFi 5G”,
       extending presence beyond mobile phones.

While these new customers are onboarded, there is a period required before we see their full impact on our
top-line growth. In the meantime, the Group continues to optimise its capabilities to meet customer needs.
Customer-focused factories in different countries remain flexible and adaptable, and can be reconfigured to
accommodate product requirements and volume fluctuations.




16      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Key Relationships with Customers, Suppliers and Employees (Continued)

Key Relationships with Suppliers
The Group maintains critical partnerships with 1,175 global suppliers, including Hon Hai Technology Group,
to ensure operational resilience. Vendors of chipsets, memory, and display modules are subject to a rigorous
evaluation and qualification process, with their performance measured by the TQSCE (Technology, Quality,
Supply, Cost, and ESG) framework to ensure supply stability and price competitiveness. Currently, the top
five suppliers account for 47.22% of total purchases, providing significant bulk purchasing power and liability
mitigation. This strategy is essential as market fluctuations continue to impact material costs and supply in the
memory and the semiconductor.

Since the beginning of 2025, the electronics industry has grappled with fresh disruptions from geopolitical
events, including ongoing conflicts in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, alongside reciprocal tariffs between
the U.S., China, and the EU. These tensions have forced a strategic pivot, including manufacturers diversifying
supply chains and prioritising security over pure cost-efficiency, global “long chains” being adjusted into
secure “local short chains” to mitigate risks posed by trade restrictions, and the availability of rare earth
elements remaining constrained due to trade restrictions, driving the industry toward alternative materials and
recycling methods.

International trade policies and localisation trends are continuously, fundamentally reshaping the global
automotive supply chain, shifting it from a traditional globalised model toward a regionalised and fragmented
structure. This transformation is driven primarily by geopolitical tensions, high tariffs, and the transition to
electric vehicles (EVs). All aiming toward a robust and resilient regional/local supply chain. To bypass trade
walls and reduce logistics costs, automakers are aggressively moving production closer to their end markets.

The defining material challenge of 2025 is the unprecedented DRAM and NAND Flash shortage. The most
significant impact of AI on pricing stems from major manufacturers (Samsung, SK Hynix, and Micron)
reallocating wafer capacity away from standard commodity DRAM to High-Bandwidth Memory (HBM). By the
fourth quarter of 2025, contract prices for 16Gb DDR5 chips rose nearly 200% compared to mid-2025 levels.
Overall DRAM average selling prices (ASPs) climbed approximately 50% in 2025. Also, memory now accounts
for 15-25% of a smartphone’s Bill of Materials (BOM), up from the historical 10-15%. This has driven brands
to adjust the production of low-tier models that could have delivered negative profit margins.

The supply chain outlook for the 1H 2026 is characterised by adjustment and downside risk. The industry
exhibits a “survival of the fittest” dynamic where large brands with locked-in long-term contracts maintain
market share, while smaller brands encounter severe resource acquisition difficulties. DRAM and NAND Flash
prices are forecasted to rise by another 40-50% in the 1H 2026 due to persistent shortages, as new fabrication
plants from key suppliers like SK Hynix and Micron are not expected to be fully operational until 2027-2028.

In addition, the surge in AI demand is the primary driver behind the 2025 DRAM pricing “supercycle”, as it
has created a structural imbalance between supply and demand. The impact is characterised by a massive
reallocation of manufacturing resources and unprecedented price hikes across all consumer electronics sectors.



                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025           17
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Key Relationships with Customers, Suppliers and Employees (Continued)

Key Relationships with Employees
The Group regards its workforce as fundamental to sustainable value creation. Our human capital strategy
combines internal talent development with targeted external recruitment to strengthen institutional capabilities.
Given the technical complexity of our products and manufacturing processes, we continue to optimise both
the quality and scale of our professional workforce to sustain market leadership and competitiveness.

Operating across multiple geographies, the Group is committed to attracting and retaining top-tier talent.
We provide fair employment practices, competitive remuneration, and a high-performance work environment,
supported by comprehensive training, job rotation, and work enrichment initiatives. Our diversified business
portfolio offers employees broad career development and promotion opportunities.

The Group emphasises career planning and continuous learning through internal and external training
programs, supported by a digitised learning platform. Knowledge sharing and internal-led technical training
promote skills transfer and a culture of continuous improvement. Strategic workforce planning integrates
recruitment, development, and localised retention initiatives, with full regulatory compliance and strong
labour relations. Transparent multi-channel communication and a robust Code of Conduct underpin integrity,
accountability, and long-term sustainability.

During the year, the Group implemented operational restructuring to align capacity with evolving product
portfolios and demand. Measures included rationalising underperforming operations, divesting idle assets,
streamlining headcount, and reorganising management structures. Throughout this transition, the Group
maintained transparent communication to preserve employee confidence, engagement, and organisational
stability.

China: Workforce size was reduced following restructuring, with continued focus on retaining key talent and
improving operational efficiency.

Vietnam: Fushan Technology (Vietnam) Limited Liability Company (“Fushan”) expanded production capacity
and diversified its customer base while scaling recruitment through digital and institutional channels.
Workforce growth was supported by structured technical and leadership training via digital platforms, focusing
on IATF, 6 Core Tools, and Lean Six Sigma. A transparent, merit-based career framework promotes internal
mobility. Employee well-being initiatives include enhanced healthcare, engagement programs, and structured
feedback mechanisms. ESG and community initiatives included blood donation drives, charity support, and
flood relief efforts, earning recognition from Bac Ninh Province.

Republic of India (“India”): BFIH advanced its strategic shift toward higher-value business segments through
workforce realignment and targeted talent acquisition for growth areas such as fixture manufacturing and
Onsite Support Services. Employee engagement was maintained through regular communication and cultural
initiatives.




18      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Key Relationships with Customers, Suppliers and Employees (Continued)

Key Relationships with Employees (Continued)
As of 31 December 2025, the Group employed 32,142 staff (31 December 2024: 31,568). Total staff costs
amounted to approximately US$256 million (2024: US$269 million). The Group maintains a competitive, merit-
based remuneration framework aligned with market benchmarks and individual performance. Talent retention
remains a strategic priority, supported by performance-linked incentives, long-term rewards, and diversified
career pathways across business lines. The Group offers a comprehensive and competitive remuneration policy
which is reviewed by the management on a regular basis. In general, the Group’s merit-based remuneration
policy rewards its employees for good performance, contributions and productivity. The Group treats all
employees equally and fairly, and evaluates employee performance (including determining promotions and
wage increments) objectively based on merit, ability, and competence. To encourage employee retention,
the Group has implemented annual bonuses, time-based/performance-based incentives and other incentive
programs.

Review of Results and Operations

Financial Performance
Financial KPIs — Key performance indicators include year-on-year changes in sales, gross margin, net margin,
and return on equity. Peer analysis is complex due to differences in corporate history, strategies, business
models, customer bases, market dynamics, organisational culture, leadership, risk appetite, shareholder
structures, and revenue streams. Additional factors such as product offerings, operational scale, market
positioning, geographical presence, ESG compliance, tax incentives, core competencies, R&D, asset utilisation,
cash flow, and regulatory environments further complicate direct comparisons, making consolidated group-
level analysis challenging.

Profit and Loss Account — The global consumer electronics market in 2025 faced headwinds from a sluggish
economy, evolving consumer demand, inflation, tariff volatility, FX uncertainty, rising component and logistics
costs, U.S.–China trade tensions, and supply chain shifts to India and Vietnam. Regulatory requirements on
sustainability and repairability also increased compliance costs, while manufacturers pursued premiumisation,
AI-driven innovations, and advanced form factors.

The Group reported consolidated revenue of US$6,657.7 million in the current period, up US$954.8 million or
16.7% from US$5,702.9 million in the prior-year period. Revenue growth was driven by increased shipments
to a major customer and continued expansion in automotive electronics, manufacturing equipment, and
robotics, alongside diversification and optimisation of the customer portfolio.

Net profit attributable to owners of the Company was US$52.7 million, compared to a loss of US$20.3 million
last year. Improvement was driven by higher gross margins, enhanced operational efficiency, and effective
cost and General and Administrative (“G&A”) management. In response to a competitive environment, the
Group actively recruited talent, promoted ESG initiatives, optimised expenses and income tax, and managed
operational risks, while continuing to invest in R&D, remain lean, and aligning workforce and operations with
business needs.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025          19
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Review of Results and Operations (Continued)

Financial Performance (Continued)
Contributing factors include:

(I)     Gross Profit — The Group reported gross profit of US$205.2 million in the current period, up US$70.6
        million from US$134.6 million in the prior-year period. Gross margin increased to 3.08% from
        2.36% last year. Margin improvement was driven by exiting high-risk and unprofitable businesses,
        strengthening engagement with existing customers, and expanding into higher-margin opportunities.
        Strategic diversification into higher-value sectors, including automotive electronics, and leveraging the
        Group ’ s core competence, technological and operational capabilities also contributed. Operational
        efficiency measures, including site consolidation, automation initiatives, effective risk management, and
        workforce optimisation, further supported margin growth.

(II)    Operating Expenses — Operating expenses amounted to US$150.8 million, up US$8.5 million from
        US$142.3 million last year. Year-on-year R&D expenses increased due to intensified development
        for new projects. Strategic investment in R&D continues to strengthen competitiveness and support
        sustainable growth, enabling higher-value solutions, new customer development, and market expansion
        and diversification. The increase was partially offset by the decrease in G&A expenses. Rightsizing and
        restructuring efforts streamlined operations, generating recurring annual savings and maintaining a lean
        cost structure. The Group continues to align resources with business needs by prioritising spending on
        strategic initiatives, reducing indirect labour, consolidating sites, and controlling G&A expenses. Low
        asset utilisation remains a challenge, and potential impairment or write-offs may be required.

(III)   Other Income, Gains and Losses — Other income, gains and losses were US$52.8 million, down US$38.5
        million from the prior-year period, primarily due to a combination of factors affecting non-operating
        items.

        (i)       There was a decrease in foreign exchange gain by US$14.1 million, amounting to a gain of
                  US$1.0 million for the current period, compared to a gain of US$15.1 million for the same
                  period last year. This is primarily due to the Federal Reserve System’s continued interest rate
                  hikes in 2024, which led to an appreciation of the U.S. dollar, resulting in a higher base for
                  foreign exchange gains during the same period. In April 2025, the U.S. implemented higher tariff
                  measures, triggering a broad depreciation of the U.S. dollar against almost all currencies. As the
                  cost of hedging operations increased, foreign exchange gains declined compared to last year.

        (ii)      There was a decrease in interest income by US$4.3 million, totalling US$46.0 million for the
                  current period, compared to US$50.3 million for the same period last year. As a result of a
                  decline of 50 basis points in the U.S. benchmark interest rate compared with the beginning of
                  2025, interest rates on U.S. dollar deposits decreased, although the benchmark rate remained
                  at a relatively high level of 3.75%. The Group relocated funds to repay loans to save on interest
                  expenses. On the other hand, ongoing interest rate cuts by the People’s Bank of China (PBOC)
                  have led to a decline in Renminbi (“ RMB ” ) deposit interest rates, contributing to a similar
                  reduction in interest income. As a result, interest income for the current period is lower compared
                  to the same period last year.

        (iii)     A decrease in government subsidies by US$4.7 million, primarily from Chinese Mainland and
                  India, during the current period.

20            FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Review of Results and Operations (Continued)

Financial Performance (Continued)
(IV)    The “Expected Credit Loss” allowance decreased by US$10.3 million, resulting in a reversal of US$0.5
        million for the current period, compared to a provision of US$9.8 million last year. This was mainly due
        to effective receivables management, a reduction in overdue balances, and the recovery of a US$5.9
        million other receivable fully provided for in 2024. The Group will continue to monitor customers’
        financial conditions and cash flows, assessing credit risk to ensure adequate expected credit loss
        allowances are recognised, reflecting both actual and potential collection risks.

(V)     Interest expenses have decreased by US$32.8 million to US$24.8 million for the current period,
        compared to US$57.6 million for the same period last year. The decrease is due to the Group’s efforts
        to reduce its U.S. dollar borrowings.

(VI)    There was a year-on-year decrease in the share of profit from the Group’s associates and a decrease
        in the share of loss from the Group’s joint venture, both of which were accounted for using the
        equity method. In the current period, the Group recorded a share of profit of US$7.5 million from
        associates and a share of loss of US$3.7 million from the joint venture, compared to US$9.1 million
        profit and US$3.8 million loss last year. One associate’s performance deteriorated amid a South Korean
        macroeconomic downturn, leading to a full write-off of the investment and an impairment loss of
        US$1.3 million was recorded during the current period. The joint venture recorded a loss mainly due to
        restructuring charges and asset write-offs from closing operations in China and India, with challenging
        conditions expected to persist in 2026, pressuring margins and operations.

(VII)   Income tax expense during the current period was US$28.4 million, compared to US$25.7 million for the
        same period last year. In 2025, the Group recognised US$10.1 million in income tax for withholding tax
        on dividends declared in Chinese Mainland, and US$2.0 million for top-up tax under Pillar Two Rules.

The Group continues to face headwinds from potential U.S. tariffs, slower industry growth, rising production
costs, margin pressure, intensified competition, shortage of memories weak demand, and market saturation.
Geopolitical complexity and supply chain realignments add further uncertainty. The handset market in 2025
remains challenging, with companies focusing on cost efficiency, innovation, diversification, and inventory
management. As a result, past and current results may not reliably indicate future performance.

In response, the Group remains lean and asset-light, pursuing higher-margin industries, building international
partnerships, discontinuing unprofitable operations, restructuring underperforming segments, controlling
expenses and borrowings, suspending non-essential capital expenditures, and managing headcount. Based on
preliminary review of unaudited management accounts, the Group expects that: (a) financial resources and
working capital remain sufficient for ongoing operations and capital commitments; (b) funds are adequate for
working capital and capital expenditure requirements over the next 18 months; and (c) no significant events
are expected to materially affect its ability to meet financial obligations or debt covenants.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025          21
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Review of Results and Operations (Continued)
Equity and Other Comprehensive Income
Equity increased by US$58 million to US$1,522 million as at 31 December 2025, from US$1,464 million last
year. This was primarily driven by net profit after tax of US$54 million and other comprehensive income of
US$5 million, partly offset by net of share repurchases and equity-settled share-based payments of US$1
million. Other comprehensive income included a US$24 million gain from foreign currency translation (mainly
from TWD, RMB, INR and Mexican Peso) and US$20 million fair value losses on equity instruments measured at
Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (“FVTOCI”).

Return on Equity (“ROE”) improved to 3.6% from -1.4% last year, reflecting the return to profitability. Basic
profit per share was US6.7 cents.

Dividends
The Company has adopted the dividend policy to enhance transparency and support shareholders and
potential investors in making informed decisions. For more details, please refer to the “Dividend Policy“ section
of the Company’s 2025 corporate governance report, which forms part of the Company’s 2025 annual report
incorporating this report of directors.

The Board has resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of US3.47 cents (the “Final Dividend“)
per share of the Company (which in aggregate amounts to approximately US$27.1 million) (2024: nil) for the
year ended 31 December 2025, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the annual general meeting
to be held on 22 May 2026. The decision by the Board was made in accordance with the dividend policy of
the Company. Such proposed Final Dividend is expected to be payable on Wednesday, 15 July 2026 to the
shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Wednesday, 17 June 2026.

8,181,814 treasury shares (the “Treasury Shares”, has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules)
held by the Company are not entitled to receive any dividends or distributions. As at the date of this report,
there is no repurchased shares pending cancellation held by the Company.

For any Treasury Shares of the Company deposited with Central Clearing and Settlement System (“CCASS”)
pending resale on the Stock Exchange, the Company shall, upon approval by the Board, implement the below
interim measures which include (without limitation):

(i)     procuring its broker not to give any instructions to Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited
        (“HKSCC”) to vote at general meetings for the Treasury Shares deposited with CCASS;

(ii)    in the case of dividends or distributions (if any and where applicable), withdrawing the Treasury Shares
        from CCASS, and either re-register them in its own name as Treasury Shares or cancel them, in each
        case before the relevant record date for the dividend or distributions; and

(iii)   taking any other measures to ensure that it will not exercise any shareholders’ rights or receive any
        entitlements which would otherwise be suspended under the applicable laws if those Shares were
        registered in its own name as Treasury Shares.

For the avoidance of doubt, as at the date of this report of the directors, all of the 8,181,814 Treasury Shares
are held in the Company’s own name and none are deposited with CCASS.

22       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Review of Results and Operations (Continued)

Diversification
Over the past few years, the Group has actively diversified its business beyond smartphones to broaden its
customer base and product portfolio. By leveraging its core competencies in communication technology, the
Group has strategically realigned resources toward the three main business categories: smart manufacturing,
automotive electronics, and manufacturing equipment/robotics. This strategic transition has proven highly
effective, evidenced by revenue growth recovery, improved financial results, successful client acquisition, and
the continuous delivery of innovative solutions.

To reinforce its supply chain resilience, the Group is simultaneously diversifying its global footprint. By
maintaining strategically located facilities across Chinese Mainland, India, Vietnam, Taiwan, Mexico, and the
U.S., the Group leverages specific geographical advantages to maximise operational efficiency and production
value for its global clients.

Geographical Segments
The Group determines its operating segments based on management-reviewed reports for resource allocation
and performance assessment. In 2025, the global smartphone market experienced slower growth, margin
pressure, and intensified competition. The Group operates through three geographical segments – Asia,
Europe, and the Americas – reflecting customer location, market conditions, demand patterns, cost structures,
and operational considerations. Segment profit represents gross profit plus service income and certain gains/
losses, after deducting selling expenses and expected credit loss impairments.

Industry growth remains modest, driven by replacement demand, while rising production and compliance costs
create margin pressure. Price-sensitive consumers in mature markets may delay upgrades or shift to lower-cost
models, and regional competitors intensify pricing pressures. To mitigate risks, the Group has diversified its
manufacturing footprint across India, Vietnam, and Mexico.

In recent years, the Group has continued to allocate resources toward geographic diversification and the
expansion of its customer base and product portfolio beyond legacy mobile phone solutions. Strategic focus
has been placed on higher-margin sectors, including automotive electronics, particularly in the European
market. In 2025, sales in the Asia segment declined due to the discontinuation of low-margin businesses,
changes in customer outsourcing strategies, and intense local competition, although margins improved slightly.
Sales contributions from Europe and the Americas increased, reflecting the Group’s resource allocation to
higher-margin sectors, including automotive electronics, and the development of new customer relationships
across broader electronic product portfolios in Europe and other regions. These initiatives enhanced revenue
resilience and reduced reliance on any single market.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025          23
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Review of Results and Operations (Continued)

Geographical Segments (Continued)
Asia Segment

The Group’s Asia segment comprises its principal regional markets – Chinese Mainland, Taiwan, and India – all
of which faced challenges during the period. Revenue for the Asia segment in the current period amounted
to US$2,363.0 million, representing a decrease of US$234.5 million, or 9.0%, from US$2,597.5 million in
the same period last year. The decline was mainly attributable to the India and Taiwan sub-segments. The
transaction with a major customer was terminated in September 2024, and sales to an India telecom operator
declined. In addition, sales to Hon Hai also decreased.

In spite of decline in revenue, the segment reported a profit of US$43.4 million, compared with a profit of
US$38.6 million in the same period last year. This is because the profit margin showed a slight improvement,
primarily due to the termination of low-margin domestic businesses in China and India, which helped offset
the negative impact of reduced shipment volumes.

China
Prolonged replacement cycles, a maturing market, and slower 5G upgrades continued to constrain volume
growth. Customers adopted more conservative procurement and inventory strategies, while competition from
cost-efficient local players reduced order visibility and pressured margins. In response, the Group rationalised
its portfolio by discontinuing low-margin activities and focusing on a healthier mix of products, customers,
and revenue streams. Sales to Chinese domestic brands declined further. Despite the government’s “trade-in”
subsidy program launched in the first half of the year to stimulate consumption, demand remained weak. In
particular, a major customer transitioned its production to new manufacturing partners in Chinese Mainland
and India in 2024 and is no longer regarded as a key customer of the Group.

Regarding Sharp phone manufacturing in Japan, Sharp faces strong competition from global and Chinese
brands in a saturated market with rapidly changing consumer preferences. As a strategic partner, the Group
supported Sharp through competitive ODM production and robust New Product Introduction (“NPI”) and
automation capabilities. However, due to the persistent shortage of key memory components, sales to this
business recorded a year-on-year decline, despite the operational efficiencies achieved.

The Group also continued providing consumer electronics manufacturing services to Hon Hai. Amid a volatile
macroeconomic environment and weaker end-market demand, a U.S.-based Hon Hai customer (e-readers
and smart speakers) tightened procurement and budgets. Industry competition intensified as peers expanded
capabilities and invested in new technologies, while some new-generation products faced component
constraints and reduced promotional support. Consequently, the segment experienced margin pressure and a
year-on-year sales decline.




24      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Review of Results and Operations (Continued)

Geographical Segments (Continued)
Asia Segment (Continued)

India
India continues to see a decline in sales as the Group has decided to exit the poor margin business and the
drop in domestic demand for 5G implementation, has led to further decline in domestic sales. The Group has
been scouting for U.S. brands with higher margins, as competing with local EMS players with low margin
brands/products will continue to erode the bottom line. The groups factories in Vietnam and India provide
some insulation from the U.S. tariff war.

The decline in demand in the Asia segment has directly affected asset and capacity utilisation, necessitating
ongoing efficiency enhancements, site consolidation, and asset disposals to maintain a lean and asset-light
structure. During the period, the Group continued to assess the need to right-size indirect labour. The external
environment remains challenging and may continue to affect the performance and recovery of the Asia
segment.

Europe Segment

The Europe segment recorded revenue of US$1,936.2 million in the current period, up US$761.6 million,
or 64.8%, from US$1,174.6 million last year, with profit rising to US$67.3 million from US$25.6 million.
Growth was driven by higher demand from a major U.S.-based Internet customer in Europe, new automotive
electronics clients, and other recently developed customers. Strong demand for ESL tags and concentrated
purchase volumes for a data module customer were supported by the Group’s NPI resources and automation
capabilities, enabling rapid scaling while maintaining production quality.

The Group continues to accelerate its presence in the automotive electronics sector, supported by strong year-
over-year sales growth in 2025. Building on more than 20 years of design experience in mobile devices and
telecommunications products, the Group has strengthened its capabilities by applying these core technologies
to a broad range of automotive electronic components and solutions. Our objective remains to provide global
automotive OEMs with faster, more flexible, and higher-quality solutions than traditional vendors. Leveraging
our antenna design expertise, we have demonstrated strong capabilities in TCU Telematics Box development
by integrating traditionally dispersed antennas into compact Shark Fin or Conformal antennas. Our advanced
thermal design ensures reliable performance in harsh environments, while our software integration expertise
supports communication reliability and network security in modern vehicles.

In 2025, the Group made solid progress in expanding its automotive customer portfolio. In addition to
maintaining stable mass production for an existing global automobile manufacturer, the Group secured several
new customers with multiple projects underway, resulting in a more diversified customer base. This strong
customer endorsement reflects the Group’s design strength, engineering depth, and manufacturing excellence
in automotive electronics.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025           25
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Review of Results and Operations (Continued)

Geographical Segments (Continued)
America Segment
For the America segment, core businesses include selling phones manufactured in China and Vietnam to
a major U.S.-based Internet customer, alongside after-market services. This customer’s expansion strategy
and enhanced smartphone product line drove stronger shipments across multiple markets despite industry
headwinds. The Group maintains a long-term partnership, providing engineering and manufacturing support
for premium smartphones. To mitigate regional concentration risks, it leverages geographic advantages and
operational excellence.

The service business covers reverse logistics, repair, refurbishment, and manufacturing in the U.S. and Mexico,
delivering integrated, end-to-end solutions across the product life cycle.

Revenue in the America segment reached US$2,358.4 million, up US$427.5 million, or 22.1%, from
US$1,930.9 million last year. Anticipating possible U.S. tariff increases on Chinese imports, some customers
accelerated shipments in the first half of 2025, pulling forward orders. The 90-day pause on smartphone
tariffs boosted short-term demand as customers prepared for potential cost increases. Consequently, sales
momentum rose in the first half and peaked in the third quarter, the Group’s seasonal high.

The Group has upgraded its Mexico site to meet rising demand and capitalise on the USMCA (United States-
Mexico-Canada Agreement) free trade agreement. It is scaling capacity for “Made in America” solutions and
targeting opportunities in medical and automotive sectors, with Mexico pursuing IATF 16949 certification for
automotive devices and the Dallas site ISO 13485 for medical devices, enabling end-to-end solutions for these
industries.

As a result of the sales growth and cost control, segment profit rose to US$88.3 million, up from US$55.3
million for the same period last year. Due to abovementioned favourable factors, the performance of the
America segment had a positive impact on the Group’s sales performance during current period. The Group
will closely monitor the future development of this segment and assess the impact of this segment on the
Group’s overall performance and cash flow.

For more details, please refer to note 5 of “Revenue and Segment Information” to the consolidated financial
statements.

Investments
The Company has formulated and adopted the Delegation of Authority of the Board on 13 December 2012 as
amended and supplemented from time to time by the Board (the“Board’s Delegation”), among which, the
Board has delegated any two executive directors of the Company to approve any transactions which do not
constitute notifiable and/or connected transactions of the Company or are otherwise required to be disclosed
under the Listing Rules.

The investments mentioned below had been duly reviewed, confirmed and approved by the executive directors
of the Company pursuant to the Board’s Delegation.

On the basis that the value of each of the investments mentioned below as of 31 December 2025 was less
than 5% of the Group’s total assets as at 31 December 2025, the Company does not consider any such
investment as a significant investment for the purposes of the Listing Rules.



26      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Review of Results and Operations (Continued)

Investments (Continued)
Investments in Business relating to Nokia-branded Products

On 18 May 2016, the Group entered into an agreement with Microsoft Corporation (as seller) and HMD
Global Oy (“HMD”) (as other purchaser) to acquire certain assets of the Nokia-branded feature phone business
then operated by Microsoft Corporation, comprising a manufacturing facility in Vietnam and certain other
assets utilised in the conduct of such feature phone business, at a total consideration of US$350 million (US$20
million of which was payable by HMD).

In 2018, the Group made a cash investment of US$61.9 million in HMD and purchased US$38.3 million worth
of HMD’s convertible bonds in August 2020 which was deemed to be settled through outstanding receivables
of an equivalent amount. The convertible bonds were subsequently fully converted and, together the Group
holds approximately 14.38% of HMD’s total issued shares.

With reference to the valuation carried out by independent professional valuers, the management assessed the
fair value of the Group’s investment in HMD as at 31 December 2025 and recognised a revaluation adjustment
and impairment loss accordingly.

Other Investments

For exploring more opportunity and business, the Group has made significant development. On 31 December
2021, the Group has closed the deal and introduced Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis”), world’s number 4 leading
automakers and mobility provider, to invest US$40 million in Mobile Drive Group, which was automotive
technology focused and wholly-owned by the Group. After closing, Mobile Drive Group has become a joint
venture which is equally owned by the Group and Stellantis. The investment in Mobile Drive Group and the
subsequent share of profits/losses of Mobile Drive Group will be accounted for by equity method in the
Group’s consolidated financial statements.

Leveraging the combined resources and industry experience, Mobile Drive Group focuses on the integration
of software and hardware for smart cockpit and in-vehicle infotainment systems. The company possesses
capabilities in vehicle-grade system development, mobile device ecosystem integration, and multimedia
platform integration, supported by the application of AI in software-defined vehicle architectures, enabling it
to deliver comprehensive in-vehicle solutions that meet the evolving requirements of global automotive OEMs.
The Group continues to serve as a key strategic partner, providing support in hardware manufacturing and
system integration.

Gengde electronics Co., Ltd. (“Gengde”), founded in 2009 in Chinese Mainland, specialises in design and
processing of components and moulds for smartphones, laptops, and wearable devices, a key supplier for
leading smartphone brands in Chinese Mainland. In 2015, the Group invested approximately US$4 million in
Gengde through equipment valuation. In 2025, Gengde recorded year-on-year revenue growth; however, net
profit declined due to intensified competition within the consumer electronics supply chain in China. As of 31
December 2025, the Group holds a 23.87% stake on a fully diluted basis.


                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025           27
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Review of Results and Operations (Continued)

Investments (Continued)
Other Investments (Continued)
Kai Hong Energy Co. (“Kai Hong”) is a green energy investment platform established in Taiwan in 2024
by CDIB Capital Group and Hon Hai. The primary investment targets are in the fields of solar energy, wind
energy, and energy storage, aiming to assist enterprises in achieving net-zero carbon emission goals. The
Group committed to investing US$3.85 million in Kai Hong and completed the second capital injection in the
second half of 2024. By stepping into the sustainable development of the green energy industry, the Group
hopes to secure a stable supply of green electricity to achieve the RE100 (100% renewable electricity) goal in
the coming years.

The Group also made certain investments in other companies designated as FVTOCI mainly in Chinese
Mainland, India and U.S. in the past few years, aiming to enhance the Group’s long-term competitiveness and
technological capabilities.

Augentix Inc (“Augentix”), founded in 2014 in Taiwan, is a fabless multimedia System-on-Chip (“SoC”)
design company specialising in proprietary algorithms for intelligent vision applications, with products widely
adopted across home IoT, professional IP cameras, and consumer surveillance by leading global brands. The
Group invested around US$0.7 million in Augentix by subscribing Augentix’s convertible note which has
been fully converted to common shares in November 2020. In 2025, Qualcomm acquired 100% of the equity
interests of Augentix, allowing the Group to successfully exit its investment and no longer hold any equity
interest in Augentix.

Xiaoqu Technology (“Xiaoqu”) is an AI-driven provider of intelligent control solutions for commercial building
spaces, offering integrated hardware and SaaS-based systems to enable digital management of building
environments. As of the end of 2025, the company’s solutions had been deployed across more than 500 large-
scale commercial complexes nationwide, serving over 3,000 commercial clients, and generating total revenues
of approximately RMB130 million, representing over 20% year-on-year growth. As of 31 December 2025, the
Group holds a 9.50% stake on a fully diluted basis.

AceVector Limited ( “ AceVector ” , formerly known as Snapdeal) is a digital commerce company. The
Group invested approximately US$200 million in AceVector in 2015. AceVector progressed its public listing
preparation by filing a confidential Draft Red Herring Prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Board of
India in July 2025, followed by the submission of an Updated Draft Red Herring Prospectus in December 2025.
As of 31 December 2025, the Group held an approximately 3.80% equity interest in AceVector on a fully
diluted basis.

Among the characteristics that the Group looks for in determining the attractiveness of investment candidates
are complementary technology ancillary to and in support of the Group ’ s business operations and new
business; favourable long-term growth prospects; and cultural fit with the Group.

As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of the Group’s equity investments designated as FVTOCI was US$36.5
million, which represented 1.0% of the Group’s total assets.

Save as disclosed in this report, the Group had no significant investments, or material acquisition and disposal
of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the current period.


28      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Review of Results and Operations (Continued)

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations
During the current period, the Group has complied in all material respects with the relevant laws and
regulations that have a significant impact on the Group, examples of which include those relating to
employment, anti-bribery, environmental protection, foreign investment, taxation, import and export,
foreign exchange control and currency conversion restrictions and repatriation controls on foreign earnings,
and intellectual property in the principal jurisdictions in which the Group’s operations and investments are
situated, and (as the shares of the Company have been listed and traded on the Stock Exchange) applicable
requirements under the Listing Rules and the SFO.

The Group has been operating multi-nationally (coupled with investments) across its principal operating
segments, namely Asia, America, and Europe. In particular, the Group’ s legal structures and investment
structures, funding arrangements, business models, supply chain, and general operations have been structured
and optimised in a tax efficient, cost-effective, and robust manner, taking into account (among other
things) commercial and financial considerations and applicable legal/regulatory requirements in the relevant
jurisdictions. The Group’s major operating subsidiaries fall under different tax regimes in Chinese Mainland,
Taiwan, India, Vietnam, Mexico, and the United States, where different tax laws, regulations, as well as
specific concessionary incentives apply.

The Group takes into account relevant laws and regulations on global transfer pricing to ensure the efficiency
and sustainability of its operating models and global tax footprint, as well as to maintain adequate tax risk
management. During the current period, apart from the following, there were no major changes in applicable
tax laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group’s tax expenses, and the Group will
continue to monitor possible impacts and implications arising from applicable new and/or revised tax laws
and regulations. Also, the Group has been closely following the global and local level developments following
the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) Action Plans of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation
and Development (“OECD”). The Group is committed to duly comply with applicable laws and regulations
introduced or updated in relation to the BEPS Action Plans, as well as fulfilling the relevant documentation
requirements stipulated by the local transfer pricing rules, global minimum taxation rules under Pillar Two, and
Country-by-Country Reporting (“CbCR”) obligations in the jurisdictions where the Group operates. The Group
falls within the CbCR scope and the Pillar Two scope of the Company’s ultimate controlling shareholder, Hon
Hai, for such purposes. Of particular relevance under Pillar Two, the Inland Revenue (Amendment) (Minimum
Tax for Multinational Enterprise Groups) Ordinance 2025 was enacted in Hong Kong on 6 June 2025 to
implement the Global Anti-base Erosion (“GloBE”) rules and the Hong Kong Minimum Top-up Tax (“HKMTT”).
The Income Inclusion Rule under the GloBE rules and the HKMTT have taken effect for fiscal years beginning
on or after 1 January 2025.

During the current period, as advised by the relevant local legal and tax departments of the Group, the newly
promulgated local laws and regulations applicable to the Group’s operations in Chinese Mainland, India and
Vietnam are highlighted and summarised below. These jurisdictions are considered, having regard to the
scale of business and operations as well as the number of employees, factory units and office units, to have
comparatively significant impacts on the Group’s overall business and operations. The Group will also consider
including Mexico and the relevant states within Mexico in future periods.



                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025           29
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Review of Results and Operations (Continued)

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations (Continued)
Chinese Mainland
The Chinese Mainland Value-Added Tax (“VAT”) Law and its Implementing Regulations took effect on 1
January 2026. Key changes include clearer definitions of taxable transactions, expanded electronic invoicing,
separate VAT disclosure, options to retain or refund excess input VAT, and clarification of non-deductible
input tax. The new regime may affect business operations, and the Group’s Chinese Mainland subsidiaries will
monitor detailed rules and adjust practices to ensure compliance.

The revised Chinese Mainland Company Law and related Regulations, effective from 1 July 2024, introduced
significant changes to corporate governance, capital contribution, and management responsibilities. The
Group’s Chinese Mainland subsidiaries, including foreign-invested enterprises (“FIEs”), are required to update
their governance structures and constitutional documents, which may increase compliance costs.

A compulsory company deregistration regime has been introduced, allowing authorities to deregister
companies that fail to apply for deregistration for three years after license revocation or closure. The Group
will regularly review and appropriately deregister dormant entities.

The Foreign Investment Law (“FIL”) and its Implementing Regulation remain in force. FIEs established before
30 June 2024 are subject to transition periods, while newly established FIEs must comply with updated capital
contribution requirements. The Group continues to assess the impact of these laws and implement appropriate
compliance measures.

India
The Digital Personal Data Protection (“DPDP”) Rules, 2025, operationalise the DPDP Act, 2023, with phased
implementation over 12-18 months. The Group will align internal policies, focusing on the sharing and transfer
of personal data across entities, and monitor industry practices.

Vietnam
Vietnam has implemented Global Minimum Tax rules under Resolution No. 107/2023/QH15 and Decree
236/2025/ND-CP, effective from fiscal year 2024. Large multinational enterprises with consolidated revenues
of at least €750 million are subject to a 15% minimum tax and may be required to pay top-up tax if their
effective tax rate is below this threshold. This may increase the Group’s tax burden in Vietnam.

The temporary reduction of VAT from 10% to 8% has been extended through 2026, allowing the Group’s
Vietnamese subsidiaries and customers to continue benefiting from lower VAT costs. Meanwhile, Vietnam’s
regional minimum wage will increase by approximately 7.2% from 1 January 2026, which may raise labour
costs, although the overall impact is expected to be limited as current entry-level salaries already exceed the
minimum wage.

Vietnam’s Personal Data Protection Law, effective 1 January 2026, introduces stricter requirements on data
processing and cross-border data transfers, with penalties of up to 5% of prior-year revenue for serious
violations. Enterprises must enhance data governance to ensure compliance.

In addition, Vietnam will restructure local administrative units in 2025, which may increase short-term
compliance costs but is expected to improve administrative efficiency in the long term.

The Group will continue to monitor compliance with all these relevant laws and regulations on an on-going
basis.


30      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Share Consolidation
Pursuant to an ordinary resolution passed at the Company’s annual general meeting held on 16 May 2025, the
share consolidation (the “Share Consolidation”) on the basis of every ten (10) issued and unissued shares
of a par value of US$0.04 each in the then existing share capital of the Company be consolidated into one
(1) consolidated share of a par value of US$0.40 each in the existing share capital of the Company became
effective on 20 May 2025. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 10 April 2025 and
16 May 2025 and the Company’s circular dated 17 April 2025.

Change of the Board of Directors
The following changes are with effect from 31 October 2025:

1.    Mr. CHIH Yu Yang has retired as an executive director, the Chairman of the Board, the chairman of the
      corporate governance committee and the authorized representative of the Company; and

2.    Mr. HUANG Ying Shih has been appointed as a non-executive director, the Chairman of the Board, the
      chairman of the corporate governance committee and the authorized representative of the Company.

For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 31 October 2025.

Liquidity and Financial Resources
The Group centrally manages its funding and treasury activities in accordance with corporate policies. The
primary objectives are to ensure appropriate levels of liquidity, maintain adequate funds available for working
capital or other investments at reasonable costs required to grow business growth, balance exposures to
market risks, uncertainties, and volatilities. Additionally, the Group implements hedging strategies to mitigate
foreign exchange risk. It also focuses on reducing external borrowings to lower interest expenses, preserving a
healthy capital structure, staying updated on and ensure compliance with financial reporting standards.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had a cash balance of US$1,007 million (31 December 2024: US$1,516
million) and bank deposits of US$346 million (31 December 2024: US$169 million). Free cash flow,
representing the net cash from operating activities of US$108 million (31 December 2024: net cash from
operating activities of US$362 million) minus capital expenditure of US$187 million (31 December 2024:
US$125 million), was US$79 million outflows (31 December 2024: US$237 million inflows). The Group
possesses ample cash to finance its operations and investments. The Group’s gearing ratio, calculated as a
percentage of interest-bearing external borrowings of US$108 million (31 December 2024: US$341 million)
over total assets of US$3,744 million (31 December 2024: US$3,822 million), stood at 2.9% (31 December
2024: 8.9%). All external borrowings were denominated in USD (31 December 2024: USD). The Group
borrowed as per actual demand, with no committed bank borrowing facilities and no seasonality of borrowing
requirements. To reduce our bank loans and thereby lower interest expenses, we will increase engagement
in global cash management. This involves repatriating funds from subsidiaries without new investment plans
back to the parent company. Before repatriating profits from Chinese or overseas subsidiaries, the Group will
comply with the applicable local laws and pay the required taxes. The outstanding interest-bearing external
borrowings were all at a fixed rate ranging from 4.06% to 4.12% (31 December 2024: fixed rate ranging
from 4.90% to 5.15%) per annum, with an original maturity of one to two months (31 December 2024: one
month). As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were predominantly held in USD,
RMB and INR (31 December 2024: USD, RMB and INR).




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025           31
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Liquidity and Financial Resources (Continued)
Net cash from operating activities during the current period totalled US$108 million. Net cash used in investing
activities during the current period was US$361 million, of which, mainly comprising, US$187 million in the
expenditures on property, plant and equipment related to the facilities at the Group’s major sites in Chinese
Mainland, Vietnam and India; US$184 million in net cash outflow to bank deposits; US$0.6 million for the
purchase of equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI), US$9 million in
proceeds from the disposal of property, plant and equipment and US$1 million in proceeds from disposal of
equity instruments at FVTOCI. Net cash used in financing activities during the current period was US$277
million, primarily due to a net decrease in bank borrowings of US$233.1 million, payments for the repurchase
of ordinary shares amounting to US$14.9 million, interest paid on bank borrowings of US$25.3 million, and
repayment of lease liabilities and interest on lease liabilities totalling US$3.5 million.

Exposures to Currency Risks and Related Hedges
As the U.S. Federal Reserve continues to raise interest rates to curb inflationary pressures, the U.S. inflation
rate has now approached its target level. However, given market expectations that the Federal Reserve will cut
rates in 2026, the U.S. Dollar Index has entered a downward trend. To mitigate foreign exchange risks, the
Group actively employs both natural hedging technique and financial methods to manage its foreign currency
exposures. This includes entering into short-term forward foreign exchange contracts (usually with tenors of
less than four months) from time to time to hedge against the currency risks arising from its operations and
investments denominated in foreign currencies.

Capital Commitments
As at 31 December 2025, the capital commitments of the Group were US$47 million (31 December 2024:
US$22 million). Typically, the capital commitments were funded by cash generated from operations.

Pledge/Charge of Assets
There was no pledge nor charge on the Group’s assets as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024.

Contingent Liability
There was no material contingent liability for the Group as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024.

Donations
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group made donations for charitable or other purposes to a total
amount of approximately US$10,100 (31 December 2024: approximately US$8,600).

Outlook and Industry Dynamics
Industry Dynamics
Macroeconomic Headwinds
The global economic landscape for 2026 is characterised by persistent macroeconomic uncertainty, evolving
trade policies, and fiscal pressures. According to United Nations’ World Economic Situation and Prospects
published in January 2026, global growth is projected at 2.7%, remaining below the 3.2% pre-pandemic
benchmark. While ongoing disinflation and monetary easing are expected to reduce financing costs and bolster
domestic demand, heightened policy volatility continues to dampen business and consumer sentiment.




32      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Outlook and Industry Dynamics (Continued)

Industry Dynamics (Continued)
Macroeconomic Headwinds (Continued)

In 2025, the ODM/OEM/EMS industry faced geopolitical and supply chain turmoil. While U.S. tariff
uncertainties drove early revenue growth through strong pull-in momentum, the latter half of the year was
disrupted by severe DRAM and NAND shortages fuelled by high AI demand. These supply constraints and
surging component prices forced OEMs, particularly in the margin-sensitive low-end market, to adjust pricing
or product specifications.

Simultaneously, the industry continues its digital transformation processes. Smart manufacturing, powered by
AI, robotics, and IoT, has revolutionised operational efficiency and flexibility. However, high implementation
costs, talent shortages, and cybersecurity risks remain persistent obstacles. Furthermore, the push for
sustainability and green manufacturing requires the industry to adopt renewable energy and circular practices,
though adoption is often tempered by regulatory pressures and supply chain complexities.

In response, the Group has implemented a comprehensive strategy to maintain its competitive edge. By
accelerating AI integration and developing advanced industrial robotics, the Group continues to enhance
production efficiency and factory intelligence. Its strategic global footprint effectively mitigates geopolitical
risks, while stringent cost management and real-time economic monitoring ensure operational resilience.
Committed to sustainability, the Group continues to expand investments in green technologies, delivering
energy-efficient solutions that reduce both operational costs and carbon emissions for its customers.

Business Related Market Outlook
Smartphone Market Outlook

According to the International Data Corporation (“IDC”) report published in January 2026, global smartphone
shipments in 2025 increased by 1.9% year-over-year to 1.26 billion units. This growth was largely supported
by a 2.3% surge in the fourth quarter of 2025, primarily driven by demand for premium and foldable devices
and accelerated pull-in demand as consumers anticipated upcoming price hike. As for 2026 forecast, the IDC
report revealed in February 2026, global smartphone shipments are now expected to drop by 12.9% year-
over-year to 1.12 billion units. This marks the third downward revision from the 1.2% growth forecast issued
in August 2025. The revision reflects a combination of product cycle adjustments and escalating component
costs within the memory supply chain, with the low end Android market expected to be the most heavily
impacted. Furthermore, IDC’s Research Director noted that the memory crisis is unlikely to result in merely
one year decline. Instead, it may fundamentally reshape the industry’s long-term total addressable market,
influencing both the competitive vendor landscape and overall product mix. To mitigate these impacts, the
Group has proactively optimised its supply chain management by implementing strategic inventory buffering
and enhancing demand forecasting. By fostering closer collaborations with key upstream suppliers, we ensure
a stable supply of critical components to meet customer delivery schedules.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025           33
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Outlook and Industry Dynamics (Continued)

Business Related Market Outlook (Continued)
Automotive Electronics Market Outlook

The automotive industry is rapidly pivoting toward electrification, software-defined vehicles (SDVs), and
broader AI adoption. According to the McKinsey Center for Future Mobility, the automotive software and
electronics market is projected to reach US$519 billion by 2035, growing at a 4.5% CAGR. This transition
necessitates a shift toward zonal and centralised computing architectures to support scalable features like
Over-The-Air (“OTA”) updates and generative AI integration.

Leveraging the Group’s core competencies in independent design and system integration, it has expanded
its portfolio to include TCUs, IVI systems, and AI-enabled ADAS, etc. Notably, the Group’s High-Performance
Computing (HPC) solutions integrates flagship SoCs for both Smart Cockpit and ADAS into a single robust
unit, playing a vital role in advancing automakers’ SDV strategy. This centralised approach significantly reduces
system complexity while enhancing data processing efficiency.

Despite the above-mentioned highly favourable trends, the industry still faces headwinds from policy shifts and
supply chain volatility including EU’s eased 2035 combustion engine ban and DRAM shortages driven by AI
prioritisation are expected to continue impacting global automakers through 2026.

Robotics Market Outlook

The global robotics industry is entering a new phase of structural growth, driven by persistent labour
shortages, increasing operational complexity, and rapid advancements in AI. According to the International
Federation of Robotics, global industrial robot installations continue to expand, while the adoption of service
robotics is accelerating across logistics, healthcare, and commercial applications.

Against this backdrop, the Group ’ s robotics development strategy focuses on application-driven system
integration rather than isolated components, which has supported customers in establishing tailor-made
automated production lines, several of which entered mass production earlier this year.

Beyond manufacturing applications, the Group has developed an AI-enabled robotic sorting solution designed
to replace labor-intensive manual processes. In recent proof-of-concept trials with a leading recycling operator
in North America, the solution demonstrated sorting accuracy exceeding 90%, and has since been deployed at
multiple recycling sites in the United States.




34      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Outlook and Industry Dynamics (Continued)

Risk and opportunities in 2026
Macroeconomic Risk Factors

(I)     The Group’s success depends on its customers; however, its customers’ outsourcing strategies continue
        to change in response to the general economy, government policy and end consumer demand. The
        combination of component shortages and product cycle adjustments have dampened consumer
        spending, affecting demand for consumer electronic goods, particularly for mobile phones, a market
        that is already saturated.

(II)    The geopolitical landscape remains fraught with tensions that continue to impact global trade.
        Ongoing disputes between major economies and escalating regional and global conflicts are reshaping
        international relations and business environments. The Russia-Ukraine conflict, U.S.-China tensions,
        and the escalating conflicts in the Middle East, all have influenced and continue to impact global trade,
        energy supplies and investor confidence. The sanctions, trade barriers, and shifts in global alliances also
        push supply chain issues and further strain global markets. These factors are destabilising economies,
        influencing supply chains, and reducing consumer purchasing power thereby dampening overall demand
        and adding a layer of uncertainty to market dynamics.

Industry-Specific Risk Factors

(I)     Mobile phones have become increasingly commoditised and specifications more standardised. Lower
        technological and operational entry barriers have led to a growing number of global and regional ODM/
        OEM players entering the contract manufacturing market. At the same time, the number of major brand
        customers has continued to consolidate. These structural changes have intensified market competition,
        resulted in surplus production capacity across the industry, and weakened manufacturers’ bargaining
        power with customers. Consequently, persistent pricing pressure has been sustained, leading to
        significant gross margin erosion for the Group.

(II)    The sales recovery of the Group has been constrained by already challenging smartphone market
        conditions, which have been exacerbated by memory supply constraints arising from a combination of
        component shortages and product cycle adjustments, as well as extended phone replacement cycles,
        and the incremental upgrades in hardware and features that make differentiation harder, thereby
        intensifying competition. As a result, competitive pressure has intensified further, limiting both volume
        growth and pricing flexibility.

(III)   Coupled with these challenges, the automotive industry segment is encountering significant headwinds,
        driven by the aggressive price competition and advancement in EV from Chinese brands. Chinese
        government support and cost-effective production have led to market oversupply and intense pricing
        pressure and this dynamic has not only constrained the Group’s potential for growth and profitability
        but also presents a considerable risk of margin compression.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025           35
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Outlook and Industry Dynamics (Continued)

Risk and opportunities in 2026 (Continued)
Customer Related Risk Factors

(I)     Some customers may insource previously outsourced production or reallocate future orders to optimise
        internal capacity and reduce costs. The increasing frequency of such shifts — whether through
        insourcing, diversion of business to competitors, or intensified pricing negotiations — may result in
        reduced sales volumes and necessitate further restructuring or organisational streamlining. In a market
        characterised by excess manufacturing capacity, subdued and shrinking demand, and heightened
        competition, maintaining bargaining power with key customers remains challenging. Moreover,
        aggressive pricing competition from peers, particularly in Chinese Mainland and India, continues to
        compress margins and limit revenue growth potential. These dynamics pose ongoing risks to the Group ’s
        profitability, market share, and operational stability.

(II)    Customer concentration poses risks, as the Group strategically works to improve its customer portfolio,
        the Group lost customers. Those changes led its factories to become increasingly underutilised, and the
        Group has already been consolidating the sites.

        The Group is actively developing new customers and products, diversifying beyond mobile phones into
        new areas with strong growth potential. However, building relationships with new customers carries
        inherent risks, as their untested products may fail to gain market acceptance, potentially affecting
        demand forecasting and inventory planning. Furthermore, many emerging technology fields are often
        driven by startups, whose financial conditions may present credit risks. The Group closely monitors credit
        exposure, payment delays, and potential default risks to mitigate these challenges.

(III)   Due to its own capacity planning, Hon Hai may adjust its outsourcing strategy, insource operations, and
        reduce or even terminate its business with the Group.

Other Risk Factors

(I)     Regarding cyber risk, the Group has established an information and cybersecurity policy to protect
        financial data and business information. Employees must follow the IT department’ s handbook
        to manage cybersecurity risks and maintain proper network controls. The IT department has also
        implemented procedures for immediate response in the event of a cyber-attack. All computer servers
        operate within an intranet protected by a redundant firewall architecture. A Global Security Operations
        Centre continuously monitors the network for potential threats, and the IT department issues monthly
        reports on cyber incidents. Additionally, a disaster recovery plan is in place to ensure rapid, effective
        response, minimise impact, and maintain business continuity.

(II)    The Group continues to face financial impacts from underutilised and unutilised assets. As part of
        ongoing rightsizing and restructuring, it is implementing site consolidation and potential asset disposals
        to improve utilisation, cost efficiency, and overall financial health.




36       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Outlook and Industry Dynamics (Continued)

Risk and opportunities in 2026 (Continued)
Other Risk Factors (Continued)
(III)   Market, legal, regulatory, and tax changes, including dividend withholding requirements, may affect the
        Group. Dividends are remitted to parent companies in compliance with applicable tax regulations, with
        relevant withholding taxes settled accordingly.

(IV)    A significant amount of dividend withholding tax will be incurred when a substantial dividend is
        distributed from a tax jurisdiction.

(V)     Pillar Two is part of the OECD’s BEPS 2.0 project, which aims to ensure that multinational enterprises
        are subject to a minimum tax rate of 15% per jurisdiction regardless of where they operate. In respect
        of the year ended 31 December 2024, Pillar Two legislation was effective in certain jurisdictions in
        which the Group operates, such as Vietnam, and the current income tax exposure was assessed to be
        immaterial.

From 1 January 2025 and onwards, several other jurisdictions in which the Group operates have also effected
the Pillar Two legislation, including Hong Kong. The implementation of Hong Kong Minimum Top-up Tax and
Income Inclusion Rule (“IIR”) in Hong Kong has brought the entire Group under Pillar Two. The Pillar Two
effective tax rate and top-up tax are calculated on a jurisdictional basis for the entire group (i.e. the Hon Hai
Technology Group) that are either subject to Qualified Domestic Minimum Top-up Tax or the IIR under Hong
Kong. However, if there is any potential top-up tax for the entire Hon Hai Technology Group, it is possible
that the Hon Hai Technology Group may further allocate or recharge the relevant tax to the respective entities
that contribute to the top-up tax. The Group has made the necessary Pillar Two current tax provision for the
current period, and would continue to actively monitor, analyse and assess the impact brought about by Pillar
Two.

The Group applies the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and
liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes, as provided in the amendments to IAS 12 issued in May 2023.

Opportunities
With all the efforts implemented in recent years, in the year of 2025, the Group witnessed promising business
progress in smart manufacturing, automotive electronics, and manufacturing equipment/robotics business
categories. Beyond the successful mass production and shipment of the TCU, the Group has expanded its
portfolio of automotive solutions to include cutting-edge products such as smart cockpit, ZCU, HPC, and been
in discussion with existing and new automotive brand customers.

The AI expertise and automation technology the Group has developed over decades of manufacturing
experience will provide a competitive advantage as it expands into other industries. Furthermore, the Group
continued to advance its LEO (Low Earth Orbit) UT (User Terminal) efforts by expanding into Ka-band UT
development based on its existing Ku-band UT capabilities and conducting field trials to validate product
reliability and stability. Building on the recent significant achievements across its three business categories, the
Group is committed to further leveraging manufacturing expertise, hardware/software integration, automation,
AI and communication technology to enhance its customer base and expand our market share.


                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025            37
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Outlook and Industry Dynamics (Continued)

1H 2026 Outlook
In the dynamic and competitive business environment of 2025, the Group, supported by the Board and
management, has re-evaluated its core strengths and implemented a series of strategic initiatives. These
include product and customer diversification, proactive optimisation of the customer portfolio, continuous
investment in R&D capabilities, and enhancements to business operations and operational efficiency. Such
initiatives are designed to maintain a lean operating structure, reduce general and administrative expenses,
and improve margin performance and the overall quality of earnings. The factors set out in the “Discussion
and Analysis” section above are expected to continue to have an impact on the Group’s performance in the
1H 2026.

Management notes early internal operational indicators, the Group observes improvements in gross margin
parameters following the proactive exit from unprofitable or low-margin businesses and the optimisation of
its customer portfolio, ongoing operating expense control, site consolidation and efficiency improvements,
though the exit from low-margin activities and site consolidation may involve non-recurring costs and
operational transition risks that could partially offset near-term benefits. The magnitude and materiality of
such improvements remain under assessment. Management currently expects year-on-year improvement may
be achievable in the 1H 2026, subject to market demand, component supply, tariff developments, and other
risk factors described below.

From a business development perspective, the Group has actively expanded into growth areas such as
automotive electronics, manufacturing equipment/robotics, and next-generation communication technologies.
In response to the rapid advancement of AI, the Group is strategically focusing on the development of Edge
AI devices, leveraging its extensive expertise and deep understanding of mobile devices and automotive
electronics. It continues to invest in both mid- and long-term technology advancement, automation capacity to
meet customer demand, and overseas production to mitigate U.S. tariff risks. Additionally, efforts to develop
new customers across industries are helping diversify both its product and customer base. R&D investment will
be strategically allocated in alignment with the Group’s medium- to long-term development priorities, with
balanced focus on both time horizons. Taken together, these initiatives are expected to yield positive outcomes
in the coming years, including continued improvements in the Group’s operational and financial performance.

In the meantime, pursuant to applicable disclosure requirements laid down by the Taiwan Stock Exchange
Corporation, Hon Hai is required to disclose in due course (which is currently expected to be in or about May
2026) certain unaudited consolidated financial information of the Group for the first three months ending
March 2026, and upon such disclosure in Taiwan, the Company will timely announce the same financial
information in Hong Kong to ensure equal and timely dissemination of information to investors and potential
investors in both markets, in accordance with Part XIVA of the SFO and Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules.




38      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Outlook and Industry Dynamics (Continued)

1H 2026 Outlook (Continued)
The Company wishes to take this opportunity to reiterate that the Group’s quarterly performance may vary
(possibly significantly) depending on various factors, including without limitation the following, individually
and collectively, and some of which are beyond the Company’s control. The macroeconomic environment in
the 1H 2026 will likely remain uncertain and challenging, characterised by persistent memory supply shortages
and potential unforeseen changes in tariff impositions that could further impact costs, intensifying geo-
political tensions, handset demand, tax payment, market dynamics, and global economy. In addition, new
and unpredictable risks, challenges and threats may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for
the Company’s management to predict all such factors or to assess their impact on the Group’s business.
Additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to the Company or not currently viewed as
material might also adversely affect the Group’s business, cash flows, results of operations and financial
condition. Forward looking statements in this section are based on current assumptions regarding customer
mix, cost environment, and execution of site consolidation and efficiency programs. Actual outcomes may
differ materially due to macroeconomic and industry factors. The Company does not undertake to update
these statements except as required by law.

Shareholders of the Company and potential investors are advised to exercise caution when dealing
in the shares of the Company.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025          39
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Environmental Policies and Performance
ESG Committee

The ESG Committee, also known as the Sustainability Committee, operates under the authority of the
Company’s Chairman. The principal duties of the ESG Committee are to monitor the Group’s ESG-related
performance, strategies, policies, targets, regulations and quarterly progress; to establish and implement ESG
development plans which are integrated with the Group’s operational strategy; to oversee communications
with stakeholders, and coordinate resources integration among the ESG Committee, internal business units,
and functional units; and to report ESG-related matters to the Board for review on a quarterly basis. Increasing
the frequency of review and reporting of ESG-related matters can foster better interactions between the
ESG Committee and the Board as well as ensure that the Board could have a timely and comprehensive
understanding of the Group’s ESG-related matters and enable it to provide appropriate guidance, instructions,
and/or comments to the ESG Committee for further action.

Sustainable Operational Goals and Strategies

The Group’s business strategy is firmly grounded in the values of sustainable development, as awareness of
ESG issues continues to rise on the global agenda, including customers’ decarbonisation pledges, employee
human right with welfare and supply chain expectations. A robust corporate governance framework is
essential to drive sustainable initiatives whilst taking the interests of all key internal and external stakeholders,
namely employees, customers, suppliers, shareholders/investors, government authorities, non-governmental
organisations/charities and media into account. The Group is committed to the United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals (“UNSDGs”), the Science Based Targets initiative (“SBTi”), Climate Action 100+, and
RE100, and has taken proactive steps to advance sustainable management. To this end, the Group has been
developing ESG development strategies and implementation plans, as well as enhancing specific targets across
the three key pillars of “Environment”, “Social” and “Governance”. More detailed and up-to-date sustainability
targets of the Group are disclosed in the Company’s 2025 ESG Report.

Global Code of Conduct and Responsibility Standards

The Group acknowledges and is committed to fulfilling its social and environmental responsibilities as a
responsible corporate citizen and a global industry leader. This commitment involves integrating good
governance practices across all facets of its operations and the Group. The overarching objective of the
Company’s Global Code of Conduct (the “Global CoC”), applying to the Group and concerning ESG and
Corporate Social Responsibility ( “ CSR ” ), is to serve as a guiding reference for all levels of the Group ’ s
management and employees. The Global CoC stands as the cornerstone of the Group, embodying its
commitment to ethical business practices, responsible corporate governance, and sustainable operations. Also,
the Global CoC is established with the incorporation of international initiatives, including the policies related
to business ethics, labour and human rights, health and safety, environment, management systems, responsible
sourcing of minerals, anti-corruption, anti-slavery and community engagement.

To explicitly interpret the requirements of the Global CoC and supplement its definitions, the Group has also
set the Responsibility Standards (the “Standards”) to ensure that its business is in accordance with ethical,
professional, and legal standards in all aspects. This fosters positive relationships with key stakeholders and
implements the principles into the Group’s daily operations. In alignment with international trends and the
Group’s commitment to promoting social responsibility, all employees and suppliers are required to conduct
business operations and work behaviour in accordance with the Global CoC and the Standards.


40      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Environmental Policies and Performance (Continued)
Global Code of Conduct and Responsibility Standards (Continued)
As stipulated in the Global CoC, the Group upholds the human rights of employees, and treats them with
dignity and respect as understood by the international community. In this respect, the Group has adopted
the Chapter on Employee Human Rights (the “Chapter”) which covers (among other things) beliefs and key
requirements in support of the Company’s core commitment to uphold and promote respect for human rights.

Environmental Management
Maintaining environmental sustainability is the Group’s primary priority. In order to minimise the negative
effects of the Group’ s operations on the environment and natural resources, the Group has adopted a
systematic approach to incorporating green and sustainable practices into its operations. These measures
include environmentally friendly product design, greenhouse gas ( “ GHG ” ) emission reduction, process
management, energy and resource management, and supply chain management. The Group aims to meet
international standards set forth by the ISO 14001 Environmental Management Systems and the European Eco-
Management and Audit Scheme.

To make sure that the Group’s operations comply with the Global CoC, the Group proactively monitors
the following critical areas: air pollution control; energy management; GHG emission reduction; waste
management; and water treatment and utilisation. According to the Global CoC, the Group has put in place
particular policies and guidelines which are strictly adhered to across its supply chain, which includes the
procurement, production and delivery processes.

As a member of the Hon Hai Technology Group, the Group has been included into the Hon Hai Technology
Group’s climate change-related commitments and targets, including the SBTi and Climate Action 100+. By
joining these initiatives, the Group continues to strengthen its climate change governance, implement GHG
emissions reductions throughout the value chain, and disclose information in accordance with the framework
of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”, which is incorporated into IFRS S2), and
aligning the Hon Hai Technology Group’s SBTi target of achieving net-zero GHG emissions by 2050. The
Group strives to meet its energy-efficiency targets, which are communicated to the Group’s business units and
relative departments. Through policies, systems, and measures (such as the implementation and maintenance
of the ISO 50001 Energy Management Systems), the Group actively promotes energy efficiency management,
the use of renewable energy, and the corresponding reduction of GHG emissions. The Group also monitors,
reviews and evaluates the energy use of each business unit/group, rewarding top performers, and utilising a
variety of energy-saving and GHG emission reduction technologies.

The Group strictly controls and monitors any air pollutants which may be produced during the manufacturing
and transportation processes. The functioning of air pollutant emission systems is also under regular
examination. The Group actively supports the reduction and reuse of wastewater, and uses reclaimed water
across its production lines to reduce the environmental impact during operation. Wastewater is characterised,
monitored, controlled, and treated as required before discharge or disposal, and the Group would conduct
routine monitoring of the performance of its wastewater treatment and containment systems to ensure
optimal performance and regulatory compliance. In accordance with the Group’s solid waste management
principles, solid wastes, chemicals and hazardous materials should be differentiated, controlled, reduced,
disposed of, transported, stored and recycled. All relevant waste is treated and disposed of in compliance
with related environmental laws and regulations. The Group strives to optimise waste recycling, and convert
waste into useful resource inputs by leveraging design and technology. In 2025, the Group’s eight operational
sites obtained UL 2799 (Zero Waste to Landfill) certificates, demonstrating its commitment to improved waste
management.


                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025          41
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Environmental Policies and Performance (Continued)
Sustainable Product Management

To fulfil the environmental requirements set by the regulators, customers, industry, and other stakeholders,
the Group has established specialised divisions to ensure compliance with various regulations, including the
“Product Quality Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the European Union’s “Restriction on Hazardous
Substances Directive” (RoHS) and the European Union’s Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction
of Chemicals (REACH) Regulation, restrictions on the use of conflict minerals as well as Halogen-Free (HF)
certifications and GHG emission reduction expectations. The outcomes of these endeavours are transformed
into practical internal measures that can be effectively incorporated and implemented within the Group’s
operations.

Climate Change

The Group’s Risk Management Team (the “RM Team”) and ESG Committee are responsible for monitoring
and managing climate-related risks. They oversee the Group ’ s sustainable transition and develop a
net-zero pathway to mitigate the effects of climate-related risks while exploring opportunities. Additionally,
they identify, evaluate, and mitigate significant climate risks that could impede the Group’s climate-related
business and strategic objectives. Furthermore, they support the Board in managing climate-related risks by
identifying issues and assessing their impact on the Group.

The Group emphasises the significance of assessing and managing climate-related risks to enhance business
resilience. The RM Team has conducted analyses to identify both physical and transition risks. Moreover, the
Group has initiated proactive evaluations of potential impacts and is preparing for risk management measures.

To manage the identified potential climate risks, the Group has taken several measures, such as conducting
property damage assessments and upgrading energy management systems. In order to strengthen operational
resilience and pursue potential business growth, the Group is actively exploring climate-related opportunities.

The Group has implemented the TCFD framework and will continue to incorporate it into its ESG Report. By
conducting both qualitative and quantitative analyses of climate risks, the Group may update its operational
strategy and management policies accordingly to mitigate the potential risks and seize emerging business
opportunities.




42      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)
Environmental Policies and Performance (Continued)
Major Annual Achievements

As a result of the Group’s continuous efforts, the following major achievements have been realized or are
currently underway during the current period:

(a)   The Group was rated as “Low Risk” (12.5) in the 2025 Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating;

(b)   Eight factories – four in the PRC, two in Vietnam, one in Mexico, and one in Taiwan – have obtained
      the UL 2799 (Zero Waste to Landfill) certificates, with seven factories achieving the Platinum level and
      one factory achieving the Gold level. As of the end of the reporting period, these certificates remain
      valid;

(c)   The Group has responded to the CDP Climate Change and Water Security questionnaires since 2023
      and maintained a B grade in both categories in the CDP 2025 questionnaire cycle;

(d)   All factories and the Group’ s headquarters have obtained ISO 14001 (Environmental Management
      Systems) and ISO 9001 (Quality Management Systems) certifications, respectively;

(e)   Major factories in the PRC and Vietnam have obtained ISO 50001 (Energy Management Systems)
      certifications, while major factories in the PRC, Vietnam, India, the U.S., and Mexico have obtained ISO
      45001 (Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems) certifications;

(f)   Major factories in India and headquarters in Taiwan have obtained ISO 27001 (Information Security
      Management Systems) certifications;

(g)   The Group’s major factories in India and Vietnam have obtained SA 8000 certifications, an auditable
      certification standard that encourages organisations to develop, maintain, and apply socially acceptable
      practices in the workplace;

(h)   The Company has obtained ISO 37001 (Anti-Bribery Management Systems) certifications; and

(i)   Four of the Group’s factories in the PRC, Vietnam, and Mexico have successfully completed the RBA VAP
      audit program. As of the end of the reporting period, these audit results remain valid.

2025 ESG Report

For details, please refer to the Company’s separate 2025 ESG Report as issued and published simultaneously
upon the issuance and publication of the 2025 annual report incorporating this report of the directors.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025          43
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


BANK LOANS
Details of bank loans are set out in note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
Details of movements in property, plant and equipment and investment properties of the Group during the
current period are set out in notes 13 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.

RESERVES
Movements in reserves of the Group during the current period are set out on page 83.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders amounted to
approximately US$1,190,495,000.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in share capital during the current period are set out in note 25 to the consolidated
financial statements.

Pursuant to an ordinary resolution passed at the Company’s annual general meeting held on 16 May 2025, the
Share Consolidation on the basis of every ten (10) issued and unissued shares of a par value of US$0.04 (“Old
Shares”) each in the then existing share capital of the Company be consolidated into one (1) consolidated
share of a par value of US$0.40 (“Shares” or “shares”) each in the existing share capital of the Company
became effective on 20 May 2025. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 10 April
2025 and 16 May 2025 and the Company’s circular dated 17 April 2025.

During the current period and up to the date of this report of the directors, pursuant to the Buy-back
Mandates (as defined in the Company’s circulars dated 19 April 2024 and dated 17 April 2025 respectively)
duly approved by the Company’s shareholders at the Company’s annual general meetings held on 22 May
2024 and 16 May 2025 respectively, the Company bought back in multiple batches a total of 8,916,000
Shares which were held as treasury shares of the Company (the “Treasury Shares”, as defined under the
Listing Rules) in accordance with the Articles. All these 8,916,000 Treasury Shares had been withdrawn from
Central Clearing and Settlement System and re-registered in the Company’s name during the current period
and before the end of February 2026 respectively, of which 734,186 Treasury Shares were transferred to
Mr. CHIH Yu Yang, former executive director and Chairman of the Board of the Company, to satisfy the
734,186 share awards vested on 31 October 2025 due to retirement in accordance with the share scheme
of the Company (the “Share Scheme”) as adopted by the Company’s shareholders on 19 May 2023 and
amended by the Board on 7 March 2025. Accordingly, 8,181,814 Treasury Shares (which will not be entitled
to receive any dividend) were held by the Company as of the date of this report. The Company intends to use
the Treasury Shares for (i) satisfying the grant of share awards under the Share Scheme of the Company, and/
or (ii) future re-sale for capital management. For more details, please refer to the section headed “Purchase,
Redemption or Sale of Listed Securities of the Company” below of this report of the directors.

There were 7,673,814 Treasury Shares and 8,181,814 Treasury Shares held by the Company as of 31
December 2025 and the date of this report of the directors, respectively.

There were no shares of the Company were allotted or issued during the current period.




44      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A financial summary of the results of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 149.

DIRECTORS
The directors of the Company during the current year under review and up to the date of this report of the
directors are:

Executive Directors
LIN Chia-Yi (also known as Charles LIN) (Chief Executive Officer)
KUO Wen-Yi
CHIH Yu Yang (former Chairman of the Board) (retired on 31 October 2025)

Non-executive Directors
HUANG Ying Shih (also known as Philip HUANG) (Chairman of the Board) (appointed on 31 October 2025)
CHANG Chuan-Wang

Independent Non-executive Directors
LAU Siu Ki
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN)
CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis)

Having received written annual confirmations from each of the independent non-executive directors of their
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, the Company considers each independent non-
executive director to be independent.

For further details, please refer to the “Other information — Directors” section in the Company 2025 interim
report and the biographical details of the directors of the Company as set out on pages 5 to 11 of this annual
report.

2025 AGM Retirement and Re-election of Directors
Pursuant to article 112 of the Articles, Mr. CHIH Yu Yang (“Mr. Chih”), a former executive director of the
Company, and Dr. KUO Wen-Yi, an executive director of the Company, were retired by rotation and re-elected
at the annual general meeting held on 16 May 2025. For details, please refer to the Company’s circular dated
17 April 2025 and the Company’s announcement dated 16 May 2025.


Changes in Board Composition During the Year
During the year under review, Mr. Chih retired as an executive director, the Chairman of the Board and the
chairman of the corporate governance committee of the Company; and Mr. HUANG Ying Shih (“Mr. Huang”)
was appointed as a non-executive director, the Chairman of the Board and the chairman of the corporate
governance committee of the Company, both with effect from 31 October 2025. For details, please refer to
the Company’s announcement dated 31 October 2025.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025        45
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


DIRECTORS (Continued)
2026 AGM Retirement and Re-election of Directors
Pursuant to articles 95 and 112 of the Articles, Mr. Huang, Mr. LIN Chia-Yi (“Mr. Lin”) and Ms. CHEN Shu
Chuan will retire from office by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on 22 May
2026 (the “2026 AGM”), and being eligible, they offer themselves for re-election at the 2026 AGM.

The particulars of directors who are subject to re-election at the Company’s 2026 AGM are set out in the
Company’s circular to shareholders as issued and published simultaneously upon the issuance and publication
of the 2025 annual report.

Remuneration Packages of Directors
The details of directors’ share awards granted by the Company during the year under review are set out in the
section headed “2025 Share Grants” in the Company’s 2025 corporate governance report (forming part of the
2025 annual report). Details of directors’ remuneration and expense allowances for the year under review are
set out in the note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.

The emoluments payable to the directors of the Company are determined by the Board from time to time with
reference to the Directors’ Remuneration Policy of the Company as amended from time to time, as well as
the recommendations of the Company’s remuneration committee. For details of the Directors’ Remuneration
Policy, please refer to the Company’s 2025 corporate governance report which forms part of the Company’s
2025 annual report.

SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the directors of the Company has entered into any service contract that remains unexpired and is
not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS
No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the
Company, any of its subsidiaries, its holding company or any subsidiary of the Company’s holding company
was a party and in which a director of the Company or an entity connected with a director of the Company (as
defined in Section 486 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong)) had a material
interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of or at any time during the current period.




46      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS
Directors ’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and
Debentures
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions, if any, of each director and chief executive of
the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO which were required to be notified to the Company
and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which the
directors and chief executive were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
required to be and were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352
of the SFO, or which were otherwise required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 to the
Listing Rules (the “Model Code”) adopted by the Company were as follows:


                                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                               Total number of              percentage of interest
                                             Name of               Capacity/                    ordinary shares                   in the Company/
    Name of director                         corporation           Nature of interest                      held             associated corporation

    LIN Chia-Yi (Chief Executive Officer)    The Company           Beneficial owner                    1,330,321 (Note 1)                  0.1687%

    KUO Wen-Yi                               The Company           Beneficial owner                      255,000 (Note 2)                 0.0323%
                                             The Company           Interest of spouse                     70,000                          0.0089%
                                             Hon Hai               Beneficial owner                        1,848                         0.00001%
                                             Hon Hai               Interest of spouse                         13                       0.0000001%

    CHANG Chuan-Wang                         Hon Hai               Beneficial owner                       17,000                          0.0001%
                                             Hon Hai               Beneficiary of a trust                     44                       0.0000003%
                                                                     (other than a
                                                                     discretionary interest)

Notes:

1.         This relevant interest includes Mr. Lin’s interest in share awards in an aggregate of 666,194 Shares which remained unvested under the Share
           Scheme as at 31 December 2025. Details of Mr. Lin’s share interest in award Shares of the Company are set out in the section headed “2025
           Share Grants” and “Movements of 2025 Share Grants” in the Company’s 2025 corporate governance report which forms part of the 2025
           annual report.

2.         On 11 August 2025, Dr. Kuo was granted a share award of 255,000 Shares pursuant to the Share Scheme which will be vested in trenches
           over a 3-year period between 11 August 2025 and 5 October 2028. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement published on
           11 August 2025.


Save as disclosed above, none of the directors or chief executive of the Company had, as at 31 December
2025, any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any
of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions
which the directors and chief executive of the Company were taken or deemed to have under such provisions
of the SFO), or which were required to be and were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.



                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025                    47
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS (Continued)
Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying
Shares
So far as is known to any director of the Company, as at 31 December 2025, shareholders (other than
the directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests and short positions in the shares and
underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under Part XV of the SFO
or which were required to be and were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under
Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:


                                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                                          percentage
Name of                               Capacity/                                  Total number of                           of interest
substantial shareholder               Nature of interest                             Shares held                     in the Company


Foxconn (Far East) Limited (Note 1)   Beneficial owner                                508,103,452(Note 1)                     64.443%
                                      Other (Note 3)                                    7,673,814(Note 3)                      0.973%(Note 3)
                                                                                      515,777,266                             65.416%

Hon Hai (Notes 1 and 4)               Interest of a controlled corporation            508,103,452(Notes 1 & 2)                64.443%
                                      Other (Note 3)                                    7,673,814(Note 3)                      0.973%(Note 3)
                                                                                      515,777,266                             65.416%

Notes:

1.       Pursuant to an ordinary resolution passed at the Company’s annual general meeting held on 16 May 2025, the Share Consolidation took
         effect from 20 May 2025 and the total number of Shares held by Foxconn was adjusted to become 508,103,452 Shares of the Company. For
         details, please refer to the Company’s announcements published on 10 April 2025 and 16 May 2025.

2.       Foxconn (Far East) Limited (“Foxconn”) is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Hon Hai, and therefore, Hon Hai is deemed or taken to be
         interested in the 508,103,452 shares which are beneficially owned by Foxconn for the purposes of the SFO.

3.       As at 31 December 2025, the total number of issued shares of the Company was 788,450,000 Shares, including 7,673,814 Treasury Shares
         of the Company. As at 31 December 2025, Foxconn and Hon Hai were interested in more than one-third of the voting power at general
         meetings of the Company, they would be taken to have an interest in the 7,673,814 Treasury Shares held by the Company which shall be
         added to their interests in shares when determining their reporting obligations under the SFO.

4.       Mr. HUANG Ying Shih and Mr. CHANG Chuan-Wang, non-executive directors of the Company, both are employees of the Hon Hai
         Technology Group, and in particular, they act as directors and/or chairmen of certain subsidiaries of the Hon Hai Technology Group.



Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other
than the directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or
underlying shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed to the Company under Part XV of
the SFO, or which were required to be and were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
under Section 336 of the SFO.




48          FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


REMUNERATION OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The remuneration paid/payable to the three members of senior management of the Company (whose
biographical details are disclosed in the section headed “Profile of Directors and Senior Management” of the
Company’s 2025 annual report incorporating this report of the directors) during the current period was within
the following bands:


                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                           senior management


    HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                                2
    HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                                1


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Article 175 of the Articles provides that: (i) every director, auditor or other officer of the Company shall be
entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained
by him/her as a director, auditor or other officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, whether civil
or criminal, in which judgement is given in his/her favour, or in which he/she is acquitted; and (ii) subject to
the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands (as amended from time to time), if any director of the Company or
other person shall become personally liable for the payment of any sum primarily due from the Company, the
Board may execute or cause to be executed any mortgage, charge, or security over or affecting the whole or
any part of the assets of the Company by way of indemnity to secure the director or person so becoming liable
as aforesaid from any loss in respect of such liability. Such permitted indemnity provision is in force during the
current period and at the time of approval of this report of the directors.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The Group did not undertake any connected transactions (other than continuing connected transactions as
disclosed in below “Continuing Connected Transactions” section) during the current period.

CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The continuing connected transactions not falling under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules as undertaken by
the Group during the current period are summarised as follows:

For more details, please refer to the Company’s announcements relating to continuing connected transactions
dated 10 November 2022 and 6 November 2024, circular relating to continuing connected transactions dated
1 December 2022, and announcement dated 23 December 2022 relating to poll results of the extraordinary
general meeting.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025           49
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Purchase Transaction
Pursuant to the framework product supply agreement (formerly known as the framework materials and
components supply agreement) entered into among the Company, Hon Hai, Innolux Corporation (formerly
known as Innolux Display Corporation and then Chimei Innolux Corporation, whose rights, obligations and
liabilities thereunder were subsequently assumed and taken up by Hon Hai) and 鴻準精密工業股份有限公
司 (Foxconn Technology Co. Ltd., for identification purposes only, whose rights, obligations and liabilities
thereunder were subsequently assumed and taken up by Hon Hai) (both being associates of Hon Hai at the
relevant times) on 19 January 2005 (as amended by the respective supplemental agreements among the above
parties dated 28 February 2006, 24 October 2007 and 19 November 2010 and the respective supplemental
agreements between the Company and Hon Hai dated 17 October 2013, 11 August 2016, 31 July 2017, 9
October 2019 and 10 November 2022) (the “Purchase Agreement”), the Group has purchased from the
Hon Hai Technology Group from time to time for a term up to 31 December 2025 products (including but
not limited to materials and components, tooling, light-guides and finished goods generally) manufactured,
owned or held (coupled with interest) by the Hon Hai Technology Group that may be used in connection with
or for the purposes of the businesses of the Group from time to time as well as such other products (including
but not limited to any materials and components) as may be agreed between the Group and the Hon Hai
Technology Group from time to time upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein at a price
determined as follows:

(a)   in respect of purchases from a supplier of materials, components and other products that may be used
      in the businesses of the Group from time to time as approved by the Group’s customer (the “Approved
      Vendor”), at the price agreed between the supplier and the Group’s customer; if not, at a price to be
      determined by reference to the average market price; or

(b)   where (a) above is not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the Group and the
      Hon Hai Technology Group upon the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or

(c)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      Group and the Hon Hai Technology Group based on reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated
under the Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Transaction”) constitute a continuing connected transaction
for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the Purchase Transaction for the three years
ended 31 December 2025 at US$1,611 million for 2023, US$1,964 million for 2024 and US$2,395 million for
2025.

Hon Hai is the leading player in the computer, communication and consumer electronics (“3C”) manufacturing
services industry. Under the convergence trend of the 3C industries, an increasing number of types of
materials, components and other products manufactured by the Hon Hai Technology Group are used for
the manufacture of consumer electronic products, in particular handsets. The Company believes that it is an
important competitive advantage of the Group that the Group together with the members of the Hon Hai
Technology Group can provide a wide range of vertically integrated manufacturing services to the customers.




50      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Product Sales Transaction
Pursuant to the framework product sales agreement entered into among the Company, Hon Hai and Innolux
Corporation (an associate of Hon Hai at the relevant times formerly known as Innolux Display Corporation
and then Chimei Innolux Corporation, whose rights, obligations and liabilities thereunder were subsequently
assumed and taken up by Hon Hoi) on 18 January 2005 (as amended by the respective supplemental
agreements among the above parties dated 28 February 2006, 24 October 2007 and 19 November 2010
and the respective supplemental agreements between the Company and Hon Hai dated 17 October 2013,
11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) (the “Framework Product Sales Agreement”),
the Group has sold to the Hon Hai Technology Group from time to time for a term up to 31 December 2025
products (including but not limited to materials and components, tooling, light-guides and finished goods
generally) manufactured, owned or held (coupled with interest) by the Group that may be used in connection
with or for the purposes of the businesses of the Hon Hai Technology Group from time to time as well as such
other products (including but not limited to any materials and components) as may be agreed between the
Group and the Hon Hai Technology Group from time to time upon and subject to the terms and conditions set
out therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   where the Group has been approved or otherwise designated by the relevant customers of the Hon Hai
      Technology Group, at the price agreed between the Group and such customers; if not, at a price to be
      determined by reference to the average market price; or

(b)   where (a) above is not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the Group and the
      Hon Hai Technology Group upon the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or

(c)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      Group and the Hon Hai Technology Group based on reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated
under the Framework Product Sales Agreement (the “Product Sales Transaction”) constitute a continuing
connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the Product Sales
Transaction for the three years ended 31 December 2025 at US$3,813 million for 2023, US$4,381 million for
2024 and US$5,034 million for 2025.

The Company considers it in its best interests to generate more income as well as enhance utilisation of
its assets by carrying out the Product Sales Transaction in response to the Hon Hai Technology Group’s
needs from time to time, provided that the Hon Hai Technology Group purchases from the Group at prices
comparable to market prices and/or which are considered to be fair and reasonable to the Company.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025          51
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Non-real Property Lease Expense Transaction
Pursuant to the framework lease agreement relating to movable non-real properties dated 13 June 2013 (as
amended by the respective supplemental agreements dated 17 October 2013, 11 August 2016, 9 October
2019 and 10 November 2022) between the Company and Hon Hai (the “Framework Non-real Property
Lease Expense Agreement”), the Group has leased movable non-real properties such as equipment and
machines (the “Non-real Properties”) from the Hon Hai Technology Group from time to time for a term up
to 31 December 2025 upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein at a price determined as
follows:

(a)   the rental payable by the Group under the transactions contemplated under the Framework Non-real
      Property Lease Expense Agreement (the “Non-real Property Lease Expense Transaction”) shall be
      determined on a fair and reasonable basis with reference to the average market rental of other similar
      properties in the market; or

(b)   if the average market rental is not available, the rental payable under the Non-real Property Lease
      Expense Transaction shall be determined on a “cost plus” basis; or

(c)   if both the average market rental basis and the “cost plus” basis are not appropriate or applicable,
      the rental payable under the Non-real Property Lease Expense Transaction shall be agreed between the
      relevant parties based on reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the Non-real Property Lease
Expense Transaction constitutes a continuing connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had
set annual caps for the Non-real Property Lease Expense Transaction for the three years ended 31 December
2025 at US$12 million for 2023, US$12 million for 2024 and US$12 million for 2025.

In carrying out the Group ’ s manufacturing operations, the Group may require the use of the Non-real
Properties (including but not limited to specialised equipment and machines). By leasing such Non-real
Properties from the Hon Hai Technology Group, the Group may gain access to the use of such Non-real
Properties at rental rates agreeable to the Company saving capital expenditures.




52      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Consolidated Services and Sub-contracting Expense Transaction
Pursuant to the framework consolidated services and sub-contracting agreement entered into among the
Company, Hon Hai, PCE Industry Inc. (a former subsidiary of Hon Hai which had been dissolved) and Sutech
Industry Inc. (a former subsidiary of the Company which had been dissolved) on 24 October 2007, pursuant
to which (among other things) all respective rights, obligations and liabilities of PCE Industry Inc. and Sutech
Industry Inc. thereunder were assumed and taken up by Hon Hai and the Company respectively (as amended
by the respective supplemental agreements between the Company and Hon Hai dated 19 November 2010, 17
October 2013, 11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) (the “Consolidated Services and
Sub-contracting Expense Agreement”), the Hon Hai Technology Group has provided services (including
research and development services, design services, repair services and sub-contracting services) to the Group
from time to time for a term up to 31 December 2025 upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out
therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   where the Hon Hai Technology Group has been approved or otherwise designated by the relevant
      customers of the Group, at the price agreed between the Hon Hai Technology Group and such
      customers; if not, at a price to be determined by reference to the average market price; or

(b)   where (a) above is not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the Group and the
      Hon Hai Technology Group upon the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or

(c)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      Group and the Hon Hai Technology Group based on reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated
under the Consolidated Services and Sub-contracting Expense Agreement (the “Consolidated Services and
Sub-contracting Expense Transaction”) constitute a continuing connected transaction for the Company, and
the Company had set annual caps for the Consolidated Services and Sub-contracting Expense Transaction for
the three years ended 31 December 2025 at US$204 million for 2023, US$204 million for 2024 and US$204
million for 2025.

The Company considers that the services provided by the Hon Hai Technology Group under the Consolidated
Services and Sub-contracting Expense Transaction as requested by the Group can enhance the Group ’s handset
manufacturing capabilities and related capacity in its handset manufacturing business, provide the Group with
greater flexibility in capacity planning and allow the Group to carry on its business more efficiently.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025           53
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Equipment Purchase Transaction
Pursuant to the framework equipment purchase agreement dated 18 January 2005 (as amended by the
respective supplemental agreements dated 12 January 2006, 24 October 2007, 19 November 2010, 17
October 2013, 11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) between the Company and Hon
Hai (the “Framework Equipment Purchase Agreement”), the Group has purchased from the Hon Hai
Technology Group from time to time for a term up to 31 December 2025 baking and coating lines and other
equipment manufactured, owned or held (coupled with interest) by the Hon Hai Technology Group which may
be used in connection with or for the purposes of the Group’s businesses from time to time (including but not
limited to new equipment that is manufactured or purchased or procured from third parties by the Hon Hai
Technology Group, and used equipment that has previously been used by the Hon Hai Technology Group) as
well as such other equipment as may be agreed between the Hon Hai Technology Group and the Group from
time to time upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   at the book value of the relevant equipment as recorded in the accounts of the relevant member of the
      Hon Hai Technology Group; or

(b)   if (a) above is not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be determined by reference to the average
      market price; or

(c)   where (a) and (b) above are not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the relevant
      parties on the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or

(d)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      parties based on reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated
under the Framework Equipment Purchase Agreement (the “Equipment Purchase Transaction”) constitute a
continuing connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the Equipment
Purchase Transaction for the three years ended 31 December 2025 at US$24 million for 2023, US$24 million
for 2024 and US$24 million for 2025.

The Hon Hai Technology Group is able to customise standard industry equipment to varying degrees to
better suit the production needs of the Group. Purchasing equipment from the Hon Hai Technology Group
helps shorten the lead time to deliver the equipment to the Group. The Group in the past also purchased
used equipment that was in good condition from the Hon Hai Technology Group at the book value of the
equipment in the Hon Hai Technology Group’s accounts. It is also more convenient for the Group to obtain
the required maintenance services for the customised equipment from the Hon Hai Technology Group.




54      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Sub-contracting Income Transaction
Pursuant to the framework sub-contracting agreement dated 18 January 2005 (as amended by the respective
supplemental agreements dated 12 January 2006, 24 October 2007, 19 November 2010, 26 July 2012, 17
October 2013, 11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) between the Company and Hon
Hai (the “Sub-contracting Income Agreement”), the Group has provided certain services (such as handset
and in-mould labelling research and development and other research and development services; handset and
other design services; handset and mould and other repair services; molding, electroplating, metal stamping
for handsets and desktop computers and other services that may form part of or be provided as part of the
businesses of the Hon Hai Technology Group from time to time; the use of technical equipment and facilities
owned or leased by the Group to support the foregoing; the provision of personnel and other resources as
may be required to support the foregoing; and such other services and/or sub-contracting as may be agreed
between the Hon Hai Technology Group and the Group from time to time) to the Hon Hai Technology Group
from time to time for a term up to 31 December 2025 upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out
therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   where the Group has been approved or otherwise designated by the relevant customers of the Hon Hai
      Technology Group, at the price agreed between the Group and such customers; if not, at a price to be
      determined by reference to the average market price; or

(b)   where (a) above is not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the Group and the
      Hon Hai Technology Group upon the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or

(c)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      Group and the Hon Hai Technology Group based on reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated
under the Sub-contracting Income Agreement (the “ Sub-contracting Income Transaction ” ) constitute
a continuing connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the Sub-
contracting Income Transaction for the three years ended 31 December 2025 at US$110 million for 2023,
US$137 million for 2024 and US$170 million for 2025.

The Company considers it in its best interests to generate more income as well as enhance utilisation of its
assets by carrying out the Sub-contracting Income Transaction as long as the services are provided at prices
that are fair and reasonable pursuant to the Sub-contracting Income Agreement.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025          55
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
General Services Expense Transaction
Pursuant to the general services agreement dated 18 January 2005 (as amended by the respective
supplemental agreements dated 12 January 2006, 24 October 2007, 19 November 2010, 17 October 2013,
11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) between the Company and Hon Hai (the “General
Services Expense Agreement ”), the Hon Hai Technology Group has provided general administrative, support,
utility and other related services to the Group from time to time for a term up to 31 December 2025 upon and
subject to the terms and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   where there is a price determined by the relevant state, at such state-determined price; or

(b)   where there is no state-determined price, at the market price; or

(c)   where there is no state-determined price or market price, on the principle of “cost plus”; or

(d)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      relevant parties.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated
under the General Services Expense Agreement (the “General Services Expense Transaction”) constitute
a continuing connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the General
Services Expense Transaction for the three years ended 31 December 2025 at US$31 million for 2023, US$34
million for 2024 and US$38 million for 2025.

Certain production facilities of the Group are located at premises owned and managed by the Hon Hai
Technology Group and leased to the Group under the Lease Expense Transaction (as defined below). Within
such premises, the Hon Hai Technology Group provides a number of general administrative, support, utility
and other related services to all tenants, including the Group, which are necessary for the tenants to carry out
their operations in such locations. The Company considers it more cost effective for the Group to share some
other services provided by the Hon Hai Technology Group, such as product testing, specialist inspection and
information technology and communication services.




56      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Equipment Sale Transaction
Pursuant to the framework equipment sale agreement dated 18 January 2005 (as amended by the respective
supplemental agreements dated 12 January 2006, 24 October 2007, 19 November 2010, 17 October 2013, 11
August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) between the Company and Hon Hai (the “Framework
Equipment Sale Agreement”), the Group has sold to the Hon Hai Technology Group from time to time for
a term up to 31 December 2025 molding equipment, baking and coating lines and other used equipment
that may be manufactured, owned or held (coupled with interest) by the Group and which may be used in
connection with or for the purposes of the Hon Hai Technology Group’s businesses from time to time upon
and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   at the book value of the relevant equipment as recorded in the accounts of the relevant member of the
      Group; or

(b)   if (a) above is not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be determined by reference to the average
      market price; or

(c)   where (a) and (b) above are not appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the relevant
      parties on the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or

(d)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      parties based on reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated
under the Framework Equipment Sale Agreement (the “ Equipment Sale Transaction ” ) constitute a
continuing connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the Equipment
Sale Transaction for the three years ended 31 December 2025 at US$34 million for 2023, US$48 million for
2024 and US$67 million for 2025.

From time to time certain equipment of the Group no longer meets the production needs of the Group
which may be as a result of a number of factors, such as new product specifications required by customers,
capacity planning and new production arrangements. However, such equipment may be useful to the Hon Hai
Technology Group for its businesses. The Group may sell such equipment to the Hon Hai Technology Group at
prices the Company considers to be fair and reasonable generating more income for the Group.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025          57
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Lease Expense Transaction
Pursuant to the framework lease agreement dated 18 January 2005 between 深圳富泰宏精密工業有限公司
(Shenzhen Futaihong Precision Industrial Co., Ltd., for identification purposes only) (a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company) (“FTH”, which was subsequently replaced by the Company as the party thereto) and Hon
Hai (as amended by the supplemental agreement between FTH and Hon Hai dated 12 January 2006 and the
respective supplemental agreements among the Company, FTH and Hon Hai dated 20 September 2006, 24
October 2007 and 19 November 2010 and the respective supplemental agreements between the Company and
Hon Hai dated 17 October 2013, 11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) (the “Framework
Lease Expense Agreement”), the Hon Hai Technology Group has leased premises owned by it and located
worldwide to the Group from time to time as requested by the Group for a term up to 31 December 2025
upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   the rental payable by the Group under the transactions contemplated under the Framework Lease
      Expense Agreement (the “Lease Expense Transaction”) shall be determined on a fair and reasonable
      basis with reference to the average market rental of other similar local properties in the market; or

(b)   if the average market rental is not available, the rental payable under the Lease Expense Transaction
      shall be determined on a “cost plus” basis; or

(c)   if both the average market rental basis and the “cost plus” basis are not appropriate or applicable, the
      rental payable under the Lease Expense Transaction shall be agreed between the relevant parties based
      on reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the Lease Expense Transaction
constitutes a continuing connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for
the Lease Expense Transaction for the three years ended 31 December 2025 at US$10 million for 2023, US$10
million for 2024 and US$10 million for 2025.

A part of the Group’s operations in certain jurisdictions is located in the Hon Hai Technology Group ’s industrial
parks in such jurisdictions in view of the benefits of locating close to the members of the Hon Hai Technology
Group which possess leading capabilities and expertise amid the convergence trend within the 3C industries,
and the physical proximity can lead to additional savings and efficiency to the Group if the Group’s customers
select these members of the Hon Hai Technology Group as the Approved Vendors.




58      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Lease Income Transaction
Pursuant to the framework lease agreement dated 24 October 2007 (as amended by the respective
supplemental agreements dated 19 November 2010, 17 October 2013, 11 August 2016, 9 October 2019, 10
November 2022 and 6 November 2024) between the Company and Hon Hai (the “Framework Lease Income
Agreement”), the Group has leased to the Hon Hai Technology Group premises owned by it or any part
thereof located worldwide as agreed between the parties from time to time for a term up to 31 December
2025 upon and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   the rental payable by the Hon Hai Technology Group under the transactions contemplated under the
      Framework Lease Income Agreement (the “Lease Income Transaction”) shall be determined on a fair
      and reasonable basis with reference to the average market rental of other similar local properties in the
      market; or

(b)   if the average market rental is not available, the rental payable shall be determined on a “cost plus”
      basis; or

(c)   if both the average market rental basis and the “cost plus” basis are not appropriate or applicable, the
      rental payable under the Lease Income Transaction shall be agreed between the relevant parties based
      on reasonable commercial principles.

With reference to the announcement of the Company dated 6 November 2024, pursuant to the Framework
Lease Income Agreement, the specific lease agreements to be entered into during the term of the Framework
Lease Income Agreement shall have a lease term not exceeding 10 years.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the Lease Income Transaction
constitutes a continuing connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps or
revised annual caps (as applicable) for the Lease Income Transaction for the three years ended 31 December
2025 at US$11 million for 2023, US$6.1 million for 2024 and US$6.1 million for 2025.

The Group has its own premises (including but not limited to vacant land, bare sites, manufacturing plants,
offices, buildings, structures and dormitories, and the related or ancillary facilities), and may have surplus space
from time to time. The Company considers it in its best interests to lease out such surplus space and generate
additional income for the Group at prices comparable to the market and/or above the costs attributable to the
leased premises pursuant to the relevant agreement in respect of the Lease Income Transaction.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025            59
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
General Services Income Transaction
Pursuant to the framework general services agreement entered into between the Company and Hon Hai
on 24 October 2007 (as amended by the respective supplemental agreements dated 19 November 2010,
17 October 2013, 11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) (the “ General Services
Income Agreement”), the Group has agreed to provide, or procure third parties to provide, to the Hon Hai
Technology Group general administrative, support, utility and other services as the Group and the Hon Hai
Technology Group may agree from time to time for a term up to 31 December 2025 upon and subject to the
terms and conditions set out therein at a price determined as follows:

(a)   where there is a price determined by the relevant government authority, at such government-determined
      price; or

(b)   where there is no government-determined price, at the market price; or

(c)   where there is no government-determined price or market price, at a price to be agreed between the
      parties on the basis of the principle of “cost plus”; or

(d)   where none of the above pricing bases is appropriate or applicable, at a price to be agreed between the
      relevant parties based upon reasonable commercial principles.

Hon Hai is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated
under the General Services Income Agreement (the “General Services Income Transaction”) constitute a
continuing connected transaction for the Company, and the Company had set annual caps for the General
Services Income Transaction for the three years ended 31 December 2025 at US$3 million for 2023, US$5
million for 2024 and US$7 million for 2025.

Certain production facilities of the Hon Hai Technology Group are located at premises owned and managed
by the Group and leased to the Hon Hai Technology Group under the Lease Income Transaction (the lease of
premises by the Group to the Hon Hai Technology Group contemplated under the Framework Lease Income
Agreement). Within such premises, the Group provides a number of general administrative, support, utility
and other related services to all tenants, including the Hon Hai Technology Group, which are necessary for the
tenants to carry out their operations in such locations. The Hon Hai Technology Group also utilises some other
services provided by the Group, such as product testing, specialist inspection and information technology and
communication services. The Company considers it in its best interests to generate more income as well as
enhance utilisation of its resources as long as the services are provided at prices that are considered to be fair
and reasonable to the Company.




60      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Annual Consideration
The total consideration of each continuing connected transaction not falling under Rule 14A.76(1) of the
Listing Rules as undertaken by the Group during the current period is as follows:


                                                                                          Total consideration
                                                                                          for the year ended
Continuing connected transaction                      Paying group                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                    (US$’000)

Purchase Transaction                                  the Group                                        436,719
Product Sales Transaction                             Hon Hai Technology Group                       1,263,887
Non-real Property Lease Expense Transaction           the Group                                             35
Consolidated Services and Sub-contracting             the Group                                         42,428
  Expense Transaction
Equipment Purchase Transaction                        the Group                                          1,248
Sub-contracting Income Transaction                    Hon Hai Technology Group                          31,526
General Services Expense Transaction                  the Group                                          5,803
Equipment Sale Transaction                            Hon Hai Technology Group                           1,517
Lease Expense Transaction                             the Group                                          5,999
Lease Income Transaction                              Hon Hai Technology Group                           4,736
General Services Income Transaction                   Hon Hai Technology Group                               7

Annual Review
Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Board engaged the auditor of the Company to report on
the continuing connected transactions of the Group not falling under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.
The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on such continuing connected transactions in accordance with
Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits
or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s
Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings
and conclusions in respect of such continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the
Listing Rules. The auditor has reported its findings and conclusions to the Board.

Following specific enquiries with the Company’s chief financial officer (in his own capacity and on behalf of the
Company’s management designated for the purpose of assisting the Board with the Group’s overall policies
on risk management (“RM”) and internal control systems) and the recommendation from the Company’s audit
committee, the independent non-executive directors of the Company have reviewed the transactions and the
findings and conclusions and confirmed that the transactions have been entered into:

1.    in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

2.    on normal commercial terms or better; and

3.    in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and
      in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025           61
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Annual Review (Continued)
Furthermore, in respect of the continuing connected transactions of the Group for the current period not
falling under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules, the Company has followed the pricing policies set out in
the relevant agreements governing them, and the independent non-executive directors of the Company have
confirmed that the internal control procedures put in place by the Company are adequate and effective to
ensure that such continuing connected transactions were conducted in accordance with such pricing policies.

The related party transactions under note 34(a) to the consolidated financial statements in the Company’s
2025 annual report constituted continuing connected transactions of the Group as defined under Chapter 14A
of the Listing Rules, and that the applicable requirements under Chapter 14A have been complied with. The
relevant disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules on the continuing connected transactions
in the financial year are provided in this section headed “CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS” of the
Company’s 2025 annual report.

Renewal of continuing connected transactions
As set out in the Company’s announcements dated 28 November 2025 and 30 December 2025 and the
Company’s circular dated 5 December 2025, pursuant to the respective supplemental agreements entered
into on 28 November 2025 (the “Supplemental Agreements”) in respect of the Purchase Transaction,
the Product Sales Transaction, the Non-real Property Lease Expense Transaction, the Consolidated Services
and Sub-contracting Expense Transaction, the Equipment Purchase Transaction, the Sub-contracting Income
Transaction, the General Services Expense Transaction, the Equipment Sale Transaction, the Lease Expense
Transaction and the Lease Income Transaction (the “Continuing Connected Transactions”), the duration of
the Continuing Connected Transactions has been extended for a year from 1 January 2026 to 31 December
2026 (both dates inclusive). The parties will review the terms of the Continuing Connected Transactions and
as appropriate enter into agreements before the expiry of the Supplemental Agreements on 31 December
2026 to further extend the duration of the Continuing Connected Transactions, subject to compliance with
the applicable requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company has set respective annual caps
for each of the Continuing Connected Transactions for the year ending 31 December 2026 as set out in the
Company’s announcement dated 28 November 2025 and the Company’s circular dated 5 December 2025 as
follows.


                                                                               Annual caps for the year
Continuing connected transaction                                              ending 31 December 2026
                                                                                             (US$’000)


Purchase Transaction                                                                           1,183,000
Product Sales Transaction                                                                      2,162,000
Non-real Property Lease Expense Transaction                                                        2,000
Consolidated Services and Sub-contracting Expense Transaction                                     97,000
Equipment Purchase Transaction                                                                     2,000
Sub-contracting Income Transaction                                                                66,000
General Services Expense Transaction                                                              11,000
Equipment Sale Transaction                                                                        14,000
Lease Expense Transaction                                                                          9,000
Lease Income Transaction                                                                           9,000



62      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Renewal of continuing connected transactions (Continued)
As set out in the Company’s announcement dated 28 November 2025, the Company and Hon Hai on 28
November 2025 entered into respective supplemental agreements to extend the duration of the General
Services Income Agreement and the framework lease agreement relating to movable non-real properties
entered into between the Company and Hon Hai on 15 January 2014 (as amended by the respective
supplemental agreements dated 11 August 2016, 9 October 2019 and 10 November 2022) (the “Framework
Non-real Property Lease Income Agreement”) for a year from 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2026 (both
dates inclusive). Based on the Company’s estimation of the respective annual amounts of the transactions
under the General Services Income Agreement and the Framework Non-real Property Lease Income Agreement
for the year ending 31 December 2026, pursuant to Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules, such transactions
remain de minimis continuing connected transactions of the Company exempt from the independent
shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements under the Listing Rules.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME AND SHARE SCHEME
In order to ensure the continuity of a share option scheme and a share scheme for the Group to attract,
reward, motivate and retain the eligible participants which would comply with the new requirements of the
existing Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules (which took effect on 1 January 2023), pursuant to the approval of
the Board on 10 March 2023 and the approval of the Company’s shareholders at its annual general meeting
held on 19 May 2023, the Company adopted the share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) and the
Share Scheme of the Company. In light of the amendments to the Listing Rules which have come into effect
on 11 June 2024, the Board had passed a resolution on 7 March 2025 to amend the rules relating to the Share
Scheme. The amendments allow the use of the Shares in the Company, each with a par value of US$0.40,
repurchased and held by the Company in treasury (as authorised by the laws of the Cayman Islands and the
articles of association of the Company) (“Treasury Shares”), to satisfy the awards (including references to
“award Old Share(s)” or “award Share(s)“ or “award share(s)“ or “share award(s)“ (as the case may
be)) granted under the Share Scheme from time to time. Such amendments to the rules relating to the Share
Scheme are not of a material nature and are therefore not subject to shareholders’ approval under Rule
17.03(18) of the Listing Rules.

Details of the Share Option Scheme and the Share Scheme are disclosed in the Company’s circular dated 14
April 2023, summaries of the principal terms are set out below:




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025         63
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


SHARE OPTION SCHEME AND SHARE SCHEME (Continued)
Share Option Scheme
(i)     Purpose
        The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to attract and retain capable, skilled and experienced
        personnel, to incentivise them to remain with the Group and to give effect to the Group’s customer-
        focused and performance-driven corporate culture, and to motivate them to strive for the future
        development and expansion and long-term success of the Group, by providing them with the
        opportunity to acquire equity interests in the Company.

(ii)    Participants
        Subject to the terms of the Share Option Scheme, the Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or
        delegate(s)) may, at its/their absolute discretion, offer options to subscribe for shares to any of the
        directors and other members of senior management and other employees of the Group (including
        without limitation any person who is a proposed grantee as an inducement to enter into an employment
        contract (or the equivalent) with the Company or any of its subsidiaries) who may be eligible to
        participate in the Share Option Scheme in accordance with the terms set out in the Share Option
        Scheme (collectively, the “Eligible Participants”).

(iii)   Total number of shares available for issue
        As at the date of adoption and at the beginning of the current period (i.e. 1 January 2025), the
        total number of shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme and the Share Scheme is
        791,700,000 Old Shares (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”) of a par value of US$0.04 each, representing
        10% of the total number of Old Shares in issue as at the date of adoption of the Share Option Scheme
        and the Share Scheme on 19 May 2023.

        Prior to the Share Consolidation becoming effective, the Scheme Mandate Limit became 784,698,098
        Old Shares due to a share grant of 7,001,902 Old Shares on 15 May 2025. Upon the Share
        Consolidation becoming effective on 20 May 2025, the Scheme Mandate Limit became 78,469,809
        Shares (of a par value US$0.40 each) of the Company. For details, please refer to the Company’s
        announcements published on 15 May 2025, 16 May 2025 and the section headed “Share Capital” in
        the Company’s 2025 annual report.

        Further, the Scheme Mandate Limit became 51,231,619 Shares (of a par value US$0.40 each)
        (representing approximately 6.57% of the total number of shares in issue (excluding Treasury Shares))
        due to the share grant of 27,238,190 Shares (of a par value of US$0.40 each) of the Company under
        the Share Scheme to the executive directors, senior manager and other employees of the Company on
        11 August 2025.

        Therefore, as of the date of this annual report, the Scheme Mandate Limit or the total number of shares
        available for issue under the Share Option Scheme and the Share Scheme and any other share scheme
        of the Company is 51,231,619 Shares, representing approximately 6.57% of the total number of shares
        in issue (excluding Treasury Shares).




64       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


SHARE OPTION SCHEME AND SHARE SCHEME (Continued)
Share Option Scheme (Continued)
(iv)    Maximum entitlement of each participant
        For any 12-month period up to and including the date of such proposed grant, the maximum
        entitlement of each participant or the aggregate number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of
        all options or awards granted to any Eligible Participants (excluding any lapsed options or awards) under
        the Share Option Scheme and the Share Scheme shall not exceed 1% of the total issued shares of the
        Company from time to time (excluding Treasury Shares), unless such grant is separately approved by the
        independent shareholders of the Company.

        Where any grant of options to an independent non-executive director or a substantial shareholder of
        the Company or any of their respective associates would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in
        respect of all options or awards granted (excluding any lapsed options or awards) to such person in the
        12-month period up to and including the date of the proposed grant, representing in aggregate over
        0.1% of the shares then in issue (excluding Treasury Shares), such grant is subject to the approval by
        the independent shareholders of the Company.

(v)     Option Period
        The period within which the options must be exercised will be specified by the Board (or its duly
        authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) at the time of grant, which must not be more than 10 years from
        the date of grant of such options.

(vi)    Vesting Period
        All options granted under the Share Option Scheme will be subject to a vesting period of a minimum of
        one year (subject to a shorter period under any one or more of certain specific circumstances) and up
        to six years (or such other period which must not be more than 10 years from the date of grant of the
        relevant options) as determined by the Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) at the time
        of granting the relevant option, which will vary from option holder to option holder.

(vii)   Payment on acceptance of option
        HK$1.00 is payable to the Company upon acceptance of the options within 30 days from the date of
        offer.

(viii) Basis of determining the exercise price
        The exercise price is determined by the Board which shall be the highest of: (a) the closing price of
        the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant, which must
        be a business day; (b) the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily
        quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (c) the
        nominal value of a share.

(ix)    Remaining life
        The Share Option Scheme is valid and effective for a term of ten years from the date of adoption and
        will expire on 19 May 2033.

No options had been granted, exercised, vested, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme since its
adoption and up to 31 December 2025.

Please also refer to note 36 to the consolidated financial statements for more details.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025           65
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


SHARE OPTION SCHEME AND SHARE SCHEME (Continued)
Share Scheme
(i)     Purpose
        The purpose of the Share Scheme is to attract and retain capable, skilled and experienced personnel,
        to incentivise them to remain with the Group and to give effect to the Group’s customer-focused and
        performance-driven corporate culture, and to motivate them to strive for the future development and
        expansion and long-term success of the Group, by providing them with the opportunity to acquire
        equity interests in the Company.

(ii)    Participants
        The Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) may propose or determine (a) which Eligible
        Participants shall be entitled to receive grants of shares under the Share Scheme; (b) the number
        of shares to which each such Eligible Participant shall be entitled; (c) making the relevant grants of
        shares to the beneficiaries under the Share Scheme subject to such conditions as the Board (or its duly
        authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) may deem appropriate at its discretion; and (d) the lock-up period
        applicable to each grant of shares to a beneficiary, in each case upon and subject to the terms and
        conditions set out in the Share Scheme.

(iii)   Total number of shares available for issue
        As at the date of adoption and at the beginning of the current period (i.e. 1 January 2025), the
        total number of shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme and the Share Scheme is
        791,700,000 Old Shares of a par value of US$0.04 each, representing 10% of the total number of Old
        Shares in issue as at the date of adoption of the Share Option Scheme and the Share Scheme on 19
        May 2023.

        Prior to the Share Consolidation becoming effective, the Scheme Mandate Limit became 784,698,098
        Old Shares due to a share grant of 7,001,902 Old Shares on 15 May 2025. Upon the Share
        Consolidation becoming effective on 20 May 2025, the Scheme Mandate Limit became 78,469,809
        Shares (of a par value US$0.40 each) of the Company. For details, please refer to the Company’s
        announcements published on 15 May 2025, 16 May 2025 and the section headed “Share Capital” of
        the Company’s 2025 annual report.


        Further, the Scheme Mandate Limit became 51,231,619 Shares (of a par value US$0.40 each)
        (representing approximately 6.57% of the total number of shares in issue (excluding Treasury Shares))
        due to the share grant of 27,238,190 Shares (of a par value of US$0.40 each) of the Company under
        the Share Scheme to the executive directors, senior manager and other employees of the Company on
        11 August 2025.

        Therefore, as of the date of this annual report, the Scheme Mandate Limit or the total number of shares
        available for issue under the Share Option Scheme and the Share Scheme and any other share scheme
        of the Company is 51,231,619 Shares, representing approximately 6.57% of the total number of shares
        in issue (excluding Treasury Shares).




66       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


SHARE OPTION SCHEME AND SHARE SCHEME (Continued)
Share Scheme (Continued)
(iv)    Maximum entitlement of each participant

        For any 12-month period up to and including the date of such proposed grant, the maximum
        entitlement of each participant or the aggregate number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of
        all options or awards granted to any Eligible Participants (excluding any lapsed options or awards) under
        the Share Option Scheme and the Share Scheme shall not exceed 1% of the total issued shares of the
        Company (excluding Treasury Shares, if any) from time to time, unless such grant is separately approved
        by the independent shareholders of the Company.

        Where any grant of awards to a director, chief executive, an independent non-executive director or a
        substantial shareholder of the Company or any of their respective associates would result in the Shares
        issued and to be issued in respect of all options or awards granted (excluding any lapsed options or
        awards) to such person in the 12-month period up to and including the date of the proposed grant,
        representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the shares then in issue (excluding Treasury Shares, if any), such
        grant is subject to the approval by the independent shareholders of the Company.

(v)     Vesting Period

        All share awards granted under the Share Scheme will be subject to a vesting period of a minimum of
        one year (subject to a shorter period under any one or more of certain specific circumstances) and up to
        three years (or such other period which must not be more than 10 years from the date of grant of the
        relevant share awards) as determined by the Board (or its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) at the
        time of granting the relevant share awards, which will vary from share awards holder to share awards
        holder.

(vi)    Payment on acceptance of share awards

        The Shares to be granted to the proposed grantees under the Share Scheme will be granted for free
        and will, including those to be granted to the directors and other senior management of the Company
        or any of its subsidiaries, form part of their remuneration (being a discretionary bonus in the form of a
        share grant or a discretionary cash bonus satisfied in the form of shares).

(vii)   Basis of determining the purchase price

        The Shares to be granted to the proposed grantees under the Share Scheme will be granted for free (see
        (vi) above) and no purchase price shall be payable.

        When making an offer to grant shares to a proposed beneficiary under the Share Scheme, the Board (or
        its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) may in its absolute discretion specify any one or more of the
        relevant conditions, including (if applicable) satisfactory performance target(s) achievement rating which
        shall be achieved by the proposed grantee as well as the clawback mechanism adopted by the Board
        as more particularly described at page 21 and page 22 of the Company’s circular dated 14 April 2023,
        before vesting of the legal title of the relevant shares in him.

(viii) Remaining life
        The Share Scheme is valid and effective for a term of ten years from the date of adoption and will
        expire on 19 May 2033.



                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025           67
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


SHARE OPTION SCHEME AND SHARE SCHEME (Continued)
Share Scheme (Continued)
Pursuant to the respective approvals of the Board on 7 March 2024 and 20 September 2024 respectively with
subsequent finalisation by the Board’s delegate on 8 March 2024 and on 20 September 2024, the Company
offered 4,405,978 Old Shares and 2,592,601 Old shares respectively to 2 beneficiaries pursuant to the
Share Scheme and the aforesaid share awards had been vested on 8 March 2025 and 20 September 2025
respectively. For details, please refer to table below in relation to movements of share grants under the Share
Scheme during the current period.

During the current year under review, the Company had granted share awards in two occasions as follows:

(1)   pursuant to the approval of the Board with subsequent finalisation by the Board’s delegate on 15
      May 2025, the Company offered 3,670,931 Old Shares and 3,330,971 Old Shares of a par value of
      US$0.04 each of the Company to 2 beneficiaries pursuant to the Share Scheme, with lock-up period
      up to 14 May 2026 from the date of grant (i.e. 15 May 2025). No consideration nor purchase price
      was payable on acceptance of offer of the share awards. The 7,001,902 Old Shares granted will be
      satisfied by transfer of Treasury Shares of the Company to the grantees. According to the terms of
      the Share Scheme, the outstanding share awards granted by the Company had been adjusted to
      become 367,093 Shares and 333,097 Shares of a par value of US$0.40 each of the Company upon the
      Share Consolidation becoming effective on 20 May 2025. For details, please refer to the Company’s
      announcements published on 10 April 2025, 15 May 2025 and 16 May 2025.

(2)   Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 11 August 2025, the Company granted a share award of
      27,238,190 Shares of a par value of US$0.40 each of the Company under the Share Scheme to the
      executive directors, senior manager and other employees of the Company. No consideration nor
      purchase price was payable on acceptance of offer of the shares. The 27,238,190 share awards granted
      will be satisfied by transfer of Treasury Shares of the Company to the grantees. For details, please refer
      to the Company’s announcement published on 11 August 2025.

Mr. CHIH Yu Yang, former executive director and the Chairman of the Board of the Company, was previously
granted a total of 734,186 share awards pursuant to the Share Scheme of the Company. These share awards
had been vested on 31 October 2025 due to retirement of Mr. Chih in accordance with the rules of the Share
Scheme and these share awards had been satisfied by transfer of 734,186 Treasury Shares of the Company.

Details of movements of the share grants under the Share Scheme during the year under review are set out
on page 176 to page 177 in the section headed “Movements of 2025 Share Grants” in the Company’s 2025
corporate governance report (forming part of the Company’s 2025 annual report).




68      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


SHARE OPTION SCHEME AND SHARE SCHEME (Continued)
Scheme Mandate Limit
At the beginning of the current period (i.e. 1 January 2025), the Scheme Mandate Limit was 791,700,000 Old
Shares, representing 10% of the total number of Old Shares in issue as at the date of adoption of the Share
Option Scheme and the Share Scheme on 19 May 2023.

Immediately prior to the Share Consolidation becoming effective, the Scheme Mandate Limit was 784,698,098
Old Shares. Upon the Share Consolidation becoming effective on 20 May 2025 and following the relevant
adjustments, the Scheme Mandate Limit became 78,469,809 Shares. As of 30 June 2025, the Scheme Mandate
Limit remained at 78,469,809 Shares.

As of 31 December 2025 and the date of this annual report, the total number of Shares available for issue
under all share schemes of the Company (i.e. the Share Option Scheme and the Share Scheme), the Share
Scheme Mandate Limit was 51,231,619 Shares, representing approximately 6.57% of the total number of
Shares in issue (excluding Treasury Shares).

The total number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options and share awards granted under all
schemes (i.e. the Share Option Scheme and the Share Scheme) of the Company during the current period
divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue (excluding Treasury Shares) for the current period
was approximately 3.46%.

BFIH Share Option Scheme
BFIH adopted a share option scheme (the “BFIH Share Option Scheme”) on 28 May 2021. For details,
please refer to page 118 to page 119 of the Company’s 2023 annual report as issued and published on 18
April 2025. For the purposes of the Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, BFIH is not a “principal subsidiary” of the
Company on the basis that during the current period and up to the date of this report, the revenue, profits
or total assets of BFIH did not, and does not, account for 75% or more of that of the Company under the
applicable percentage ratios (as defined in the Listing Rules) in any of the latest three financial years (including
the current period). Accordingly, the relevant provisions of the Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules do not apply to
the BFIH Share Option Scheme.

Apart from the Share Option Scheme, the Share Scheme and the BFIH Share Option Scheme and potential
entitlements pursuant to Hon Hai’s articles of incorporation (pursuant to which, among other things, Hon Hai
shares may be distributed as part of compensation to employees, including the Company’s directors, upon
and subject to the terms and conditions set out therein) and also potential entitlements to any and all scrip
dividends (which any director of the Company may from time to time have as a shareholder of the Company
and/or Hon Hai in respect of the relevant shares then held by him/her) pursuant to any scrip dividend scheme
in respect of any dividend as may be announced by the Company and/or Hon Hai from time to time, at no
time during the current period was the Company, any of its subsidiaries, its holding company or any subsidiary
of the Company’s holding company a party to any arrangement to enable the directors of the Company to
acquire benefits by means of acquisitions of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body
corporate.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025            69
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the current period, revenue from sales of goods and rendering of services to the Group’s five largest
customers accounted for approximately 86.82% of the Group ’ s total revenue from sales of goods and
rendering of services for the current period and revenue from sales of goods and rendering of services to
the Group’s largest customer amounted to approximately 56.46%. Purchases from the Group’s five largest
suppliers accounted for approximately 47.22% of the Group’s total purchases for the current period and
purchases from the Group’s largest supplier amounted to approximately 22.45%.

None of the directors of the Company or any of their close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any
shareholder (which, to the best knowledge of the directors, owns more than 5% of the total number of issued
shares of the Company as at the date of this report of the directors) had any interest in any of the Group’s
five largest customers and five largest suppliers, except that (i) the Hon Hai Technology Group is one of the
Group’s five largest suppliers as well as one of the Group’s five largest customers, Dr. KUO Wen-Yi and Mr.
CHANG Chuan-Wang, being an executive director and a non-executive director respectively of the Company,
have interests in Hon Hai as described in the above section headed “Disclosure of Interests” of this report
of the directors; and Mr. HUANG Ying Shih and Mr. CHANG Chuan-Wang, non-executive directors of the
Company, both are employees of the Hon Hai Technology Group and in particular they act as directors and/or
chairmen of certain subsidiaries of the Hon Hai Technology Group; and (ii) Google LLC. is one of the Group’s
five largest suppliers as well as one of the Group’s five largest customers, Mr. CHANG Chuan-Wang has acted
as the chairman of Foxconn Intrinsic Intelligent Factories, LLC (which is a joint venture between Hon Hai and
Google LLC) since October 2025.

For related matters, please refer to the section headed “Business Review — Discussion and Analysis — Key
Relationships with Customers, Suppliers and Employees” above of this report of the directors.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company (other than service contracts with any director or any person engaged in the full-time
employment of the Company) were entered into or existed during the current period.

PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
During the current period and up to the date of this report of the directors, pursuant to the Buy-back
Mandates (as defined in the Company’s circulars dated 19 April 2024 and dated 17 April 2025 respectively)
duly approved by the Company’s shareholders at the Company’s annual general meetings held on 22 May
2024 and 16 May 2025 respectively, the Company bought back in multiple batches a total of 8,916,000
Shares which were held as Treasury Shares in accordance with the Articles. All these 8,916,000 Treasury
Shares had been withdrawn from Central Clearing and Settlement System and re-registered in the Company’s
name during the current period and before the end of February 2026 respectively, of which 734,186 Treasury
Shares were transferred to Mr. CHIH Yu Yang, former executive director and the Chairman of the Board of
the Company, to satisfy the 734,186 share awards vested on 31 October 2025 in accordance with the Share
Scheme of the Company. Accordingly, 8,181,814 Treasury Shares (which will not be entitled to receive any
dividend) were held by the Company as of the date of this report of the directors. The Company intends to
use the Treasury Shares for: (i) satisfying the grant of share awards under the Share Scheme of the Company,
and/or (ii) future re-sale for capital management. For more details, please refer to the explanatory statement
of the Buy-back Mandates in Appendix I to the Company’s circulars dated 19 April 2024 and 17 April 2025
respectively as well as the next day disclosure returns and monthly returns as issued and published during the
period from 7 May 2025 to 3 February 2026 (both dates inclusive).



70      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
(Continued)
The above share buy-backs are summarised as follows:

                                                  Number of                                                                      Aggregate
                                             ordinary shares                                                                  consideration
    Month of                               (of a par value of                            Price per share                               paid
    buy-back                                   US$0.04 each)                           Highest         Lowest             (before expenses)
    (before share consolidation)                                                          HK$            HK$                           HK$

    May 2025                                        10,254,000 (Note 1)                    0.85            0.78                      8,406,430


                                                   Number of                                                                     Aggregate
                                              ordinary shares                                                                 consideration
    Month of                                (of a par value of                           Price per share                               paid
    buy-back                                    US$0.40 each)                          Highest         Lowest             (before expenses)
    (after share consolidation)                                                           HK$            HK$                           HK$

    May 2025                                         1,087,600                             9.34            8.18                      9,254,737
    June 2025                                        1,287,000                            10.26            8.90                     12,181,793
    July 2025                                          142,000                            10.36           10.12                      1,460,260
    August 2025                                      1,314,000                            15.44           14.30                     19,778,060
    September 2025                                     864,000                            17.34           14.87                     14,336,060
    November 2025                                    1,340,000                            19.25           17.37                     24,778,730
    December 2025                                    1,348,000                            19.30           18.20                     25,607,400
                                                     7,382,600                                                                    107,397,040
    Sub-total                                        8,408,000     (Note 2)
                                                                                                                                  115,803,470
    January 2026                                        508,000                           19.24           18.80                      9,636,410
    Total                                            8,916,000     (Note 3)
                                                                                                                                  125,439,880

Note 1: As a result of the Share Consolidation effective from 20 May 2025, 10,254,000 Old Shares of a par value of US$0.04 each in the share
        capital of the Company bought back during the period from 7 May 2025 to 19 May 2025 had been adjusted to become 1,025,400 Shares of
        a par value of US$0.40 each in the share capital of the Company. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements published on 10
        April 2025 and 16 May 2025.

Note 2: 8,408,000 Shares were repurchased during the year ended 31 December 2025. These Shares were not cancelled and were held as Treasury
        Shares by the Company. 734,186 Treasury Shares were transferred to Mr. Chih Yu Yang, former executive director and the Chairman of the
        Board of the Company, to satisfy the 734,186 share awards vested on 31 October 2025 due to his retirement in accordance with the Share
        Scheme of the Company, and therefore, the Company held 7,673,814 Treasury Shares as at 31 December 2025.

Note 3: During the current period and up to the date of this report of the directors, the Company bought back a total of 8,916,000 Shares.


For more details, please refer to the explanatory statement of the Buy-back Mandates in Appendix I to the
Company’s circulars dated 19 April 2024 and 17 April 2025 respectively as well as the next day disclosure
returns and monthly returns as issued and published during the period from 7 May 2025 to 3 February 2026
(both dates inclusive).

The Board believes that the value of the Company’s shares traded on-market was undervalued. Accordingly,
the Board is of the view that the above share buy-backs are in the interests of the Company and its
shareholders as a whole.

Save for the aforesaid, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the
Company’s listed securities (including Treasury Shares) during the current period.



                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  71
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
As at the latest practicable date prior to the issue of the Company’s 2025 annual report incorporating this
report of the directors, to the best knowledge of the directors and based on the information publicly available
to the Company, there was sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules.

During the year under review, at least 25% of the Company’s issued shares (excluding Treasury Shares) were
held by members of the public at all times and therefore the Company has complied with Rule 13.32B of the
Listing Rules.

The minimum percentage threshold applicable to the Company as prescribed at the time of listing under Rule
8.08(1) is 25% of the Company’s total number of issued shares (excluding Treasury Shares) (“Initial Public
Threshold”). Based on the information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the
directors, as at 31 December 2025, there was sufficient public float of 34.62% of the total number of issued
shares of the Company (excluding Treasury Shares), which meets the Initial Public Threshold as required by the
Listing Rules.

As at 31 December 2025, the total issued share capital of the Company was US$315,380,000 comprising
780,776,186 ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.40 each and 7,673,814 Treasury Shares of the Company.

As at 31 December 2025, the composition of the ownership of the issued shares of the Company comprised
approximately 34.62% of the total number of issued shares of the Company (excluding Treasury Shares) which
were in the hands of the public, and hence exceeded the minimum of 25% shareholding required to be held
by the public under the Listing Rules, and the following:

1.    approximately 65.08% of the total number of issued shares of the Company (excluding Treasury Shares)
      was held by substantial shareholder (i.e. Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd. (the Company’s ultimate
      controlling shareholder) through Foxconn (Far East) Limited);

2.    a total of approximately 0.21% of the total number of issued shares of the Company (excluding
      Treasury Shares) in which Mr. LIN Chia-Yi and Dr. KUO Wen-Yi, both being the Company’s executive
      directors, were interested; and

3.    approximately 0.09% of the total number of issued shares of the Company (excluding Treasury Shares)
      was held by the trustee of the Share Scheme of the Company (i.e. Core Pacific – Yamaichi International
      (H.K.) Nominees Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Core Pacific – Yamaichi International (H.K.)
      Limited which is a licensed corporation under the SFO to carry out Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 4
      (advising on securities) and Type 6 (advising on corporate finance) regulated activities).




72      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the memorandum and articles of association of the
Company in force for the time being and the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands (as amended from time to
time).

PENSION SCHEMES
Details of the Group’s pension schemes and the basis of calculation are set out in note 35 to the consolidated
financial statements.

TAX RELIEF
The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to its shareholders by reason of their holding
of the shares of the Company. If the shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing,
holding, disposing of, dealing in, or exercising any rights in relation to the shares of the Company, they are
advised to consult independent professional adviser(s).

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established and maintained an audit committee in accordance with the requirements of
the Listing Rules, particularly the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules
(the “CG Code”). Its primary duties are to review the Group’s financial reporting process and RM and internal
control systems, nominate and monitor external auditor and provide advice and comments to the Board. The
audit committee comprises three independent non-executive directors (among whom one of the independent
non-executive directors has the appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
management expertise as required under the Listing Rules).

The audit committee has reviewed the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the current
period and the annual report incorporating this report of the directors and recommended the same to the
Board for approval.

AUDITOR
The consolidated financial statements have been audited by the Company’s auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
who is due to retire and, being eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment as auditor of the Company at the
forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025          73
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Board is committed to maintaining high corporate governance standards and recognises that good
corporate governance is vital for the Group’s sustainable growth and long-term success. The Company has
adopted the Corporate governance manual (the “Compliance Manual”) since 15 April 2010 as amended and
supplemented from time to time. The Compliance Manual is to set out the Company’s governance practices
and compliance procedures, ensuring adherence to the CG Code under the Listing Rules and the SFO.

During the year under review, the Company has applied and complied with all the code provisions as set out
in Part 2 of the CG Code.

The Board will continue to review and monitor the practices of the Company with an aim to maintaining a
high standard of corporate governance.

For more details, please refer to the Company’s 2025 corporate governance report, which forms part of the
Company’s 2025 annual report incorporating this report of the directors.




On behalf of the Board




HUANG Ying Shih
Chairman of the Board

13 March 2026




74      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF FIH MOBILE LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of FIH Mobile Limited (the “ Company ” ) and its
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “ Group ” ) set out on pages 79 to 148, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated
statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including
material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with
the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest
entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that
the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current year. The matter was addressed in the context of our audit of
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide
a separate opinion on this matter.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025           75
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)


KEY AUDIT MATTER (Continued)

 Key audit matter                                               How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Fair value measurement of unlisted equity
 investment in relation to HMD Global Oy
 ( “HMD ”)

 We identified fair value measurement of unlisted               Our procedures in relation to evaluating the
 equity investment in relation to HMD as a key                  appropriateness of the management ’ s fair value
 audit matter due to the involvement of significant             measurement of unlisted equity investment in
 estimation uncertainty over the assumptions.                   relation to HMD included:

 A s d i s c l o s e d i n n o t e s 4, 16 a n d 32 t o t h e   •   Understanding how the Group’s management
 consolidated financial statements, in determining the              determines the fair value of unlisted equity
 fair value of unlisted equity investment in relation to            investment in relation to HMD, including
 HMD, the Group engaged independent professional                    the valuation model adopted, significant
 valuers to perform the valuation of the investment                 estimation and unobservable inputs used and
 using option-pricing method to allocate the equity                 the involvement of independent professional
 value of HMD derived by market approach which                      valuers appointed by the Group;
 involved the determination of significant estimation
 and unobservable inputs, including selection of                •   Evaluating the competence, capability and
 comparable companies and consideration of trading                  objectivity of the valuers; and
 multiple.
                                                                •   Involving our valuation expert to review the
 The fair value of unlisted equity investment in                    valuation models adopted and significant
 relation to HMD was determined as US$17,320,000                    estimation and unobservable inputs used in the
 as at 31 December 2025 and fair value loss                         valuation.
 of US$10,580,000 was recognised in other
 comprehensive income for the year ended
 31 December 2025.


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


76       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
that gives a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR ’ S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and
for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
      due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
      a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
      involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
      that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
      effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
      estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
      based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
      conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
      conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
      the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
      to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
      auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
      going concern.

                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025           77
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)


AUDITOR ’ S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
      including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
      transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
      information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
      group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
      work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine the matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore
the key audit matters. We describe the matter in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Keung To Wai, David
(practising certificate number: P04578).




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
13 March 2026




78      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                               2025            2024
                                                                  NOTES     US$’000         US$’000


    Revenue                                                         5      6,657,663      5,702,949
    Cost of sales                                                         (6,452,434)    (5,568,309)


    Gross profit                                                            205,229         134,640
    Other income, gains and losses                                  6        52,794          91,309
    Impairment loss reversed (recognised) under
       expected credit loss model, net of reversal                              459             (9,768)
    Impairment loss recognised for property,
       plant and equipment                                                    (4,204)       (16,022)
    Selling expenses                                                          (6,627)        (5,349)
    General and administrative expenses                                      (64,023)       (87,019)
    Research and development expenses                                        (80,110)       (49,965)
    Interest expenses                                                        (24,784)       (57,633)
    Share of profit of associates                                              7,473          9,116
    Share of loss of a joint venture                                          (3,711)        (3,815)


    Profit before tax                                              7          82,496          5,494
    Income tax expense                                             10        (28,361)       (25,686)


    Profit (loss) for the year                                               54,135         (20,192)


Other comprehensive (expense) income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Fair value loss on investments in equity instruments at fair
     value through other comprehensive income                                (19,673)           (6,966)
   Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans                                220               305


                                                                             (19,453)           (6,661)


Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences arising on translation of
     foreign operations                                                      23,378         (68,192)
   Share of translation reserve of associates                                   676          (1,013)
   Share of translation reserve of a joint venture                              241            (887)


                                                                             24,295         (70,092)


    Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year,
      net of income tax                                                       4,842         (76,753)


    Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year                        58,977         (96,945)

                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025        79
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                     2025           2024
                                                        NOTE      US$’000        US$’000


Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                            52,727        (20,331)
  Non-controlling interests                                         1,408            139


                                                                   54,135        (20,192)


Total comprehensive income (expense) attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                            57,441        (96,911)
  Non-controlling interests                                         1,536            (34)


                                                                   58,977        (96,945)


Earnings (loss) per share                                12                     (restated)
  Basic                                                        US6.7 cents   (US2.6 cents)
  Diluted                                                      US6.7 cents   (US2.6 cents)




80      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AT 31 December 2025



                                                                            2025            2024
                                                       NOTES             US$’000         US$’000


    Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                     13               622,654         586,162
      Right-of-use assets                               14                43,260          36,757
      Investment properties                             15                 1,222             258
      Equity instruments at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                           16                36,548             56,704
      Interests in associates                           17                33,111             26,268
      Interest in a joint venture                       18                 5,931              9,401
      Deferred tax assets                               19                15,989             21,128
      Deposit for acquisition of right-of-use assets                      27,118             26,508
      Other receivables                                 15     34,895
                                                                          34,895             34,110


                                                                         820,728         797,296


    Current assets
      Inventories                                       20                710,880        547,695
      Trade and other receivables                       21                859,371        791,958
      Bank deposits                                     28                346,143        168,833
      Cash and cash equivalents                         28              1,006,882      1,516,241


                                                                        2,923,276      3,024,727


    Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                          22              1,544,843      1,527,060
      Contract liabilities                                                475,096        416,885
      Lease liabilities                                 23                  3,320             38
      Bank borrowings                                   24                108,370        341,420
      Provision                                         29                 14,133          1,438
      Tax payable                                                          48,777         51,482


                                                                        2,194,539      2,338,323


    Net current assets                                                   728,737         686,404


    Total assets less current liabilities                               1,549,465      1,483,700




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025        81
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)
AT 31 December 2025



                                                                               2025             2024
                                                         NOTES              US$’000          US$’000


Capital and reserves
  Share capital                                             25              315,380          315,380
  Reserves                                                                1,202,180        1,145,432


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                              1,517,560        1,460,812
Non-controlling interests                                                     4,387            2,851


Total equity                                                              1,521,947        1,463,663


Non-current liabilities
  Deferred tax liabilities                                  19                14,526           9,090
  Deferred income                                           30                 6,028           6,404
  Lease liabilities                                         23                 6,964           4,543


                                                                              27,518          20,037


                                                                          1,549,465        1,483,700


The consolidated financial statements on pages 79 to 148 were approved and authorised for issue by the
board of directors on 13 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                  HUANG YING SHIH                                     LIN CHIA-YI
               Non-executive Director and                        Executive Director and
                Chairman of the Board                            Chief Executive Officer




82      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                                          Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                Share                        Non-
                                                Share     Share    Treasury      Special Revaluation         Other     Legal Translation compensation Retained         controlling
                                               capital premium       shares      reserve     reserve       reserve reserve reserve            reserve profits Sub-total interests  Total
                                              US$’000 US$’000       US$’000     US$’000     US$’000       US$’000 US$’000 US$’000             US$’000 US$’000 US$’000 US$’000 US$’000
                                                                               (note 26)    (note a)      (note b) (note 26)

    Balance at 1 January 2024                 316,200 1,173,189        (714)     15,514       (146,721)      222     176,419      (101,284)     (221) 125,883 1,558,487       2,885 1,561,372
    (Loss) profit for the year                      –         –           –           –              –         –           –             –         – (20,331) (20,331)          139 (20,192)
    Other comprehensive (expense)
      income for the year                           –         –           –           –         (6,966)      305           –       (69,919)        –          –    (76,580)    (173)   (76,753)

    Total comprehensive (expense)
      income for the year                           –         –           –           –         (6,966)      305           –       (69,919)        –    (20,331)   (96,911)     (34)   (96,945)

    Repurchase of ordinary shares (note 25)         –         –        (734)          –              –          –          –             –         –          –       (734)       –       (734)
    Cancellation of ordinary shares              (820)     (628)      1,448           –              –          –          –             –         –          –          –        –          –
    Disposal of equity instruments at fair
      value through other comprehensive
      income                                        –         –           –           –         (3,583)         –          –             –         –      3,583          –        –          –
    Profit appropriations                           –         –           –           –              –          –      5,574             –         –     (5,574)         –        –          –
    Payment made for equity-settled
      share-based payments                          –         –           –           –              –          –          –             –      (556)         –       (556)       –       (556)
    Recognition of equity-settled
      share-based payments (note 36)                –         –           –           –              –          –          –             –      526           –       526         –       526

    Balance at 31 December 2024               315,380 1,172,561           –      15,514       (157,270)      527     181,993      (171,203)     (251) 103,561 1,460,812       2,851 1,463,663
    Profit for the year                             –         –           –           –              –         –           –             –         – 52,727 52,727            1,408 54,135
    Other comprehensive (expense)
      income for the year                           –         –           –           –        (19,673)      220           –       24,167          –          –     4,714      128      4,842

    Total comprehensive (expense)
      income for the year                           –         –           –           –        (19,673)      220           –       24,167          –     52,727    57,441     1,536    58,977

    Repurchase of ordinary shares (note 25)         –         –     (14,876)          –              –          –          –             –         –          –    (14,876)       –    (14,876)
    Cancellation of ordinary shares                 –         –           –           –              –          –          –             –         –          –          –        –          –
    Disposal of equity instruments at fair
      value through other comprehensive
      income                                        –         –           –           –           985           –          –             –         –       (985)         –        –          –
    Shares vested under equity-settled
      share-based payment plan                      –       294        770            –              –          –          –             –    (1,064)         –          –        –          –
    Recognition of equity-settled
      share-based payments (note 36)                –         –           –           –              –          –          –             –    14,183          –    14,183         –    14,183

    Balance at 31 December 2025               315,380 1,172,855     (14,106)     15,514       (175,958)      747     181,993      (147,036)   12,868    155,303 1,517,560     4,387 1,521,947


Notes:

(a)            The revaluation reserve represents the change in fair value of equity investments classified as financial assets at fair value through other
               comprehensive income.

(b)            The other reserve represents the remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans and the effects of changes in ownership in certain
               subsidiaries when there was no change in control.




                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025                          83
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                     2025        2024
                                                           NOTE   US$’000     US$’000


OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                  82,496       5,494
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation and amortisation                                   126,339     136,498
  Write-down of inventories                                         8,228      12,255
  Provision for warranty                                           12,685        (517)
  Net loss on disposal and write-off of property,
     plant and equipment                                            5,883       2,866
  Interest expenses                                                24,784      57,633
  Share of profit of associates                                    (7,473)     (9,116)
  Share of loss of a joint venture                                  3,711       3,815
  Impairment loss (reversed) recognised under expected
     credit loss model, net of reversal                               (459)     9,768
  Impairment loss recognised for property,
     plant and equipment                                             4,204     16,022
  Deferred income released to income                                  (516)      (615)
  Interest income                                                  (45,990)   (50,300)
  Equity-settled share-based payments                               14,183        526
  Impairment loss on interest in an associate                        1,306          –
  Gain on early termination of leases                       14           –       (340)
  Gain on deemed disposal of an associate                                –     (2,758)


Operating cash flows before movements in working capital           229,381    181,231
(Increase) decrease in inventories                                (170,605)    20,849
(Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables                 (43,623)   112,767
Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables                     14,577    (67,111)
Increase in contract liabilities                                    58,211     85,508


Cash generated from operations                                      87,941    333,244
Income taxes paid, net                                             (18,809)   (23,677)
Interest received                                                   38,686     53,225
Payments made for share-based payments expenses                          –       (556)


NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                107,818     362,236




84      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                     2025            2024
                                                                  US$’000         US$’000


    INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                  (186,653)       (125,009)
      Placement of bank deposits for investing purpose           (680,692)       (352,323)
      Purchase of equity instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                   (600)         (1,777)
      Withdrawal of bank deposits for investing purpose           496,377         232,570
      Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment       9,418          15,764
      Proceeds from disposal of equity instruments at fair
        value through other comprehensive income                      974                 –
      Dividend income from an associate                                 –             9,863


    NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                        (361,176)       (220,912)


    FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      Bank borrowings raised                                     3,583,270      4,356,380
      Bank borrowings repaid                                    (3,816,320)    (4,718,400)
      Interest on bank borrowings paid                             (25,310)       (62,342)
      Payments on repurchase of ordinary shares                    (14,876)          (734)
      Repayments of lease liabilities                               (3,328)        (3,100)
      Interest on lease liabilities paid                              (142)          (335)


    NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                        (276,706)       (428,531)


    NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                    (530,064)       (287,207)

    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR          1,516,241       1,845,323

    EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES                        20,705         (41,875)


    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR,
     REPRESENTING BANK BALANCES AND CASH                        1,006,882       1,516,241




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025      85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025



1.    GENERAL
      FIH Mobile Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company
      with limited liability on 8 February 2000 under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. The
      Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
      (the “Stock Exchange”) since 3 February 2005. The Company’s parent company is Foxconn (Far East)
      Limited (incorporated in the Cayman Islands) and its ultimate holding company is Hon Hai Precision
      Industry Co. Ltd. (“Hon Hai”) (incorporated in Taiwan and its shares are listed on the Taiwan Stock
      Exchange Corporation). The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the
      Company are disclosed in the section headed “Corporate Information” in the annual report.

      The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally
      engaged as a vertically integrated manufacturing services provider for handset industry worldwide. The
      Group provides a wide range of manufacturing services to its customers in connection with production
      of handsets. The principal activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in note 37.

      The consolidated financial statements are presented in United States Dollars (“US$”) which is also the
      functional currency of the Company.

2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
      STANDARDS
      Amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective
      for the current year
      In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
      issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) for the first time, which are
      mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2025 for the preparation of
      the consolidated financial statements:


      Amendments to IAS 21                                Lack of Exchangeability


      The application of the amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard in the current year has had no
      material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/
      or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




86      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
      STANDARDS (Continued)
      New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet
      effective
      The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that
      have been issued but are not yet effective:


       Amendments to IAS 21                                           Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation
                                                                        Currency3
       Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                                Amendments to the Classification and Measurement
                                                                        of Financial Instruments2
       Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                                Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
       Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                        its Associate or Joint Venture1
       Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards                        Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards
                                                                        Volume 112
       IFRS 18                                                        Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3

      1      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
      2      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
      3      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027


      Except for the new IFRS Accounting Standard mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate
      that the application of all other new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will have no
      material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

      IFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements” (“IFRS 18”)
      IFRS 18 sets out requirements on presentation and disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS
      1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” (“IAS 1”). This new IFRS Accounting Standard, while carrying
      forward many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements to present specified categories
      and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-defined
      performance measures (MPMs) in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and
      disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1
      paragraphs have been moved to IAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and
      Errors” (the title of which will be changed to Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements upon effective
      of IFRS 18) and IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures”. Minor amendments to IAS 7 “Statement of
      Cash Flows” and IAS 33 “Earnings per Share” are also made.

      IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after
      1 January 2027, with early application permitted. IFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific
      transition provisions. The application of the new standard is not expected to have significant impact
      on the financial performance and positions of the Group in terms of recognition and measurement.
      However, it is expected to affect the structure and presentation of the consolidated statement of profit
      or loss.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      3.1    Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
             The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting
             Standards issued by the IASB. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable
             disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and
             by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

             The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
             certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period.

      3.2    Material accounting policy information
             Investments in associates and joint ventures

             The results and assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures are incorporated in these
             consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting.

             The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a
             joint venture may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount
             of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36
             “Impairment of Assets” as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in
             use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised
             is not allocated to any assets, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the
             investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the
             extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

             Changes in the Group’s interests in associates

             When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use
             the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that
             had previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in
             ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the
             related assets or liabilities.

             Revenue from contracts with customers

             The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when
             “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred
             to the customer. The revenue of the Group is recognised at a point in time. Under the
             transfer-of-control approach in IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”, revenue from
             manufacturing services (including sales of goods and processing service) to the Group’s customers
             in connection with the production of handsets are recognised when the goods are passed to the
             customers, which is the point of time when the customer has the ability to direct the use of the
             goods and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of the goods.




88      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
             Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

             Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction
             price)
             For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations (including sales of goods and
             processing service), the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a
             relative stand-alone selling price basis.

             The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance
             obligation is determined at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would
             sell a promised good or service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not
             directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction
             price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration
             to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or
             services to the customer.

             Principal versus agent
             When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group
             determines whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified
             goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to
             be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

             The Group is a principal as it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
             transferred to a customer.

             Financial instruments

             Financial assets
             Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

             Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

             •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual
                    cash flows; and

             •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                    principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

             All other financial assets of the Group are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or
             loss (“FVTPL”), except that at initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably
             elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive
             income (“OCI”) if that equity investment is not held for trading.



                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025           89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
             Financial instruments (Continued)

             Financial assets (Continued)
             Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
             A financial asset is held-for-trading if:

             •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

             •      on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the
                    Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

             •      it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

             (i)    Amortised cost and interest income

                    Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets
                    measured subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the
                    effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial
                    assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that
                    have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                    effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting
                    period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the
                    financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying
                    the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the
                    beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer
                    credit-impaired.

             (ii)   Equity instruments designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income
                    (“FVTOCI”)

                    Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus
                    transaction costs. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses
                    arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated in the revaluation
                    reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will
                    not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be
                    transferred to retained profits.

                    Dividends on these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss
                    when the Group’s right to receive the dividends is established in accordance with IFRS 9
                    “Financial Instruments”, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the
                    cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “other income, gains and losses” line
                    item in profit or loss.



90      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
             Financial instruments (Continued)

             Financial assets (Continued)
             Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
             The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss ( “ ECL ” ) model on
             financial assets (including trade receivables, other receivables, bank deposits and bank balances)
             which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each
             reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

             Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected
             life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of
             lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within twelve months
             after the reporting date.

             Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors
             that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the
             current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

             The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables.

             For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when
             there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises
             lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant
             increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

             (i)    Significant increase in credit risk

                    In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,
                    the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at
                    the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as
                    at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
                    quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
                    historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost
                    or effort.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025           91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
             Financial instruments (Continued)

             Financial assets (Continued)
             Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
             (i)    Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

                    In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether
                    credit risk has increased significantly:

                    •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external
                           (if available) or internal credit rating;

                    •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                           increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                    •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                           that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                           debt obligations;

                    •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                    •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                           technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                           debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

                    Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit
                    risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more
                    than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
                    demonstrates otherwise.

                    The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether
                    there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to
                    ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before
                    the amount becomes past due.

             (ii)   Definition of default

                    For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                    information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the
                    debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking account
                    any collaterals held by the Group).

                    Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
                    asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
                    information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

92      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
             Financial instruments (Continued)

             Financial assets (Continued)
             Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
             (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
                     A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental
                     impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence
                     that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following
                     events:

                     (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                     (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                     (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                           borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that
                           the lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or

                     (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                           reorganisation.

             (iv)    Write-off policy
                     The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
                     counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery,
                     for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into
                     bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement
                     activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
                     appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are
                     recognised in profit or loss.

             (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL
                     The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default
                     (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The
                     assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical
                     data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and
                     probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default
                     occurring as the weights. Except for credit-impaired debtors and debtors with increasing
                     credit risk which are assessed individually, the Group uses a practical expedient in
                     estimating ECL on remaining debtors using a provision matrix taking into consideration
                     historical credit loss experience, and forward looking information that is available without
                     undue cost or effort.

                     Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
                     the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to
                     receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.


                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025          93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
             Financial instruments (Continued)

             Financial assets (Continued)
             Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
             Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
             financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised
             cost of the financial asset.

             The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
             adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables and other receivables,
             where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

             Financial liabilities and equity
             Classification as debt or equity

             Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance
             with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and
             an equity instrument.

             Equity instruments
             An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity
             after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at
             the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

             Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in
             equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation
             of the Company’s own equity instruments.

             Financial liabilities at amortised cost
             Financial liabilities including bank borrowings, trade and other payables are subsequently
             measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.




94      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
      UNCERTAINTY
      In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the directors of the Company are required to
      make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that
      are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on
      historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from
      these estimates.

      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
      estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
      period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
      periods.

      Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
      The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the
      directors of the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that
      have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

      Timing of revenue recognition

      In determining the timing of revenue recognised for manufactured goods, the directors of the Company
      have considered the Group has no enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date
      based on its legal advisor’s opinion. In cases where the Group’s right has changed, the timing of
      recognition of such revenue may vary.

      Significant influence over interest in an associate

      Although the Group has less than 20% equity interests in Diabell Co., Ltd. (“Diabell”), the management
      considers the Group has significant influence over Diabell by virtue of its right to appoint one out of five
      directors to the board of directors of Diabell (see note 17).

      Key sources of estimation uncertainty
      The followings are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
      uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material
      adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

      Fair value measurement of unlisted equity investment in relation to HMD Global Oy (“HMD”)

      In determining the fair values of unlisted equity investment in relation to HMD, the Group engaged
      independent professional valuers to perform valuation of the investment using option-pricing method to
      allocate equity value of HMD derived by market approach (2024: discounted cash flow) which involved
      the determination of significant estimation and unobservable inputs, including selection of comparable
      companies and consideration of trading multiple. Any changes in the key assumptions may affect the
      amount of fair value. As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of unlisted equity investment in relation to
      HMD was US$17,320,000 (2024: US$27,900,000) and fair value loss of US$10,580,000 (2024: gain of
      US$2,200,000) was recognised in other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2025,
      details of which are disclosed in note 16.

                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025           95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
      UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
      Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (Continued)
      Estimated allowance for inventories

      The Group ’ s management reviews the future sales plan and the inventory aging list to identify
      slow-moving and obsolete inventories that are no longer suitable for use in operation and then
      estimates the net realisable value based on the estimated selling prices and market condition to the
      extent that such condition exists at the end of reporting period, less the estimated cost of completion
      and costs necessary to make the sale. Where the net realisable value is less than the carrying amount,
      write-down on inventories will be made. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of inventories
      is approximately US$710,880,000 (2024: US$547,695,000) and write-down on inventories of
      US$8,228,000 (2024: US$12,255,000) has recognised for the year ended 31 December 2025.

      Estimated impairment of property, plant and equipment

      Property, plant and equipment are stated at costs less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if
      any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the management has to exercise judgement and
      make estimation, particularly in assessing: (i) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may
      affect the asset recoverable amount; (ii) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by
      the recoverable amount. The recoverable amounts, being the fair value less costs of disposal, of the
      relevant assets have been estimated individually by the Group’s management. In estimating the fair
      value of these assets, the management uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. Where
      Level 1 inputs are not available, the management engages third party qualified valuers to perform the
      valuation. The management will first consider and adopt Level 2 inputs where inputs can be observable,
      other than quoted prices in the active market. When Level 2 inputs are not available, the Group will
      adopt valuation techniques that include Level 3 inputs. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts
      of property, plant and equipment were US$622,654,000 (2024: US$586,162,000). Impairment losses
      of US$4,204,000 (2024: US$16,022,000) was recognised in profit or loss during the year. Details of the
      impairment of property, plant and equipment are disclosed in note 13.

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      The management determines its operating segments based on internal reports reviewed by the chief
      operating decision maker, the Chief Executive Officer, for the purpose of allocating resources to the
      segment and to assess its performance.

      The Group’s operations are organised into three operating segments based on the location of customers
      – Asia, Europe and America.




96      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Segment revenue and results
      The Group’s revenue is from contracts with customers and mainly arising from the manufacturing
      services (including sales of goods and processing service) amounting to US$6,657,663,000 (2024:
      US$5,702,949,000) to its customers in connection with the production of handsets.

      The Group applies the practical expedient that information regarding the transaction prices allocated
      to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with customers is not disclosed as the original
      expected duration of the contracts is less than one year.

      As at 1 January 2024, contract liabilities amounted to US$331,543,000. All the contract liabilities at the
      beginning of the reporting period were included in the revenue recognised in the reporting period.

      The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segments:


                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                   US$’000            US$’000


       Segment revenue (external sales)
         Asia                                                                     2,363,042         2,597,525
         Europe                                                                   1,936,218         1,174,562
         America                                                                  2,358,403         1,930,862


       Total                                                                      6,657,663         5,702,949


       Segment profit
         Asia                                                                       43,448             38,621
         Europe                                                                     67,318             25,559
         America                                                                    88,295             55,343


                                                                                   199,061            119,523
       Other income, gains and losses                                               52,794             91,309
       Impairment loss recognised for property, plant and equipment                 (4,204)           (16,022)
       General and administrative expenses                                         (64,023)           (87,019)
       Research and development expenses                                           (80,110)           (49,965)
       Interest expenses                                                           (24,784)           (57,633)
       Share of profit of associates                                                 7,473              9,116
       Share of loss of a joint venture                                 (3,711)
                                                                                    (3,711)            (3,815)


       Profit before tax                                                            82,496              5,494


      Segment profit represents the gross profit earned by each segment after deducting all selling expenses
      and impairment loss under ECL model, net of reversal. This is the measure reported to the Chief
      Executive Officer for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.


                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025         97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Segment assets and liabilities
      The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by operating segments:


                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                                  US$’000          US$’000


       Segment assets
         Allocated
           Asia                                                                    442,354         491,064
           Europe                                                                  177,158          51,920
           America                                                                 358,518         281,158


         Total                                                                     978,030         824,142
         Unallocated
           Property, plant and equipment                                           603,321          571,966
           Inventories                                                             648,954          531,242
           Cash and bank deposits                                                1,206,241        1,524,288
           Others                                                                  212,581          246,589
       Corporate assets                                                             94,877          123,796


       Consolidated total assets                                                 3,744,004        3,822,023


       Segment liabilities
         Allocated
           Asia                                                                    100,293          52,653
           Europe                                                                   23,534          29,370
           America                                                                 405,675         357,007


         Total                                                                     529,502         439,030
         Unallocated
           Trade and other payables                                              1,503,345        1,504,139
           Others                                                                   16,312           10,985
       Corporate liabilities                                                       172,898          404,206


       Consolidated total liabilities                                            2,222,057        2,358,360




98      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
      For the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources among segments,
      trade receivables from Asia operations are allocated to Asia, Europe and America segments based
      on customers’ locations, while certain property, plant and equipment, inventories, trade and other
      receivables and cash and cash equivalents relating to Europe and America operations are allocated to
      Europe and America segments. Segment liabilities represent certain trade and other payables, contract
      liabilities and provision were allocated to Asia, Europe and America segments.

      Other information

                                                               Year ended 31 December 2025
                                                     Asia     Europe       America    Unallocated   Consolidated
                                                  US$’000    US$’000       US$’000       US$’000        US$’000


       Amounts included in the measurement
        of segment profit or loss or segment
        assets and liabilities:

       Capital additions                                –          –         6,175        189,529       195,704
       Depreciation and amortisation*              96,305          –         3,133         26,901       126,339
       Net loss on disposal and write-off of
         property, plant and equipment                  –          –             1          5,882          5,883
       Impairment loss recognised for property,
         plant and equipment                            –          –             –          4,204          4,204
       Impairment loss under expected credit
         loss model, net of reversal               (3,271)       215         2,597              –           (459)
       Provision for warranty                      12,799        101            65              –         12,965

       Amounts regularly provided to the chief
        operating decision maker but not
        included in the measurement of
        segment profit or loss:

       Write-down of inventories to net
        realisable value                            8,228          –             –              –          8,228




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025            99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
      Other information (Continued)

                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                            Asia           Europe         America     Unallocated            Consolidated
                                                        US$’000           US$’000         US$’000        US$’000                 US$’000


       Amounts included in the measurement
        of segment profit or loss or segment
        assets and liabilities:

       Capital additions                                      –                   –               518           130,163           130,681
       Depreciation and amortisation*                   109,934                   –             2,632            23,932           136,498
       Net loss on disposal and write-off
         of property, plant and equipment                      –                  –                 (1)          (2,865)            (2,866)
       Impairment loss recognised for
         property, plant and equipment                         –                  –                  –           16,022             16,022
       Impairment loss under expected
         credit loss model, net of reversal               8,352             (1,226)             2,642                  –             9,768
       Provision for warranty                             1,508                  –                  –                  –             1,508

       Amounts regularly provided to the
        chief operating decision maker but
        not included in the measurement
        of segment profit or loss:

       Write-down of inventories to net
        realisable value                                 11,692                   –               563                  –            12,255


      *       Substantially all depreciation and amortisation included in segment profit are expensed through cost of sales while the related
              property, plant and equipment are excluded from segment assets.




100       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Geographical information
      Majority of the Group’s segment revenue based on location of customers are attributed to the People’s
      Republic of China (the “PRC”) included in Asia.

      The Group ’s operations are located in the PRC (country of domicile), Republic of India ( “ India ”),
      Republic of Singapore (“Singapore”), United Mexican States (“Mexico”), Socialist Republic of Vietnam
      (“Vietnam”), the United States of America (“USA”) and other countries.

      Information about the Group ’ s revenue from external customers and its non-current assets, both
      presented based on the Group’s geographical location of operations are as follows:


                                             Revenue from external customers                                  Non-current assets
                                                       2025             2024                                     2025             2024
                                                   US$’000           US$’000                                  US$’000          US$’000


       PRC (country of domicile)                      5,613,108                 5,095,107                     339,713              383,536
       India                                            286,600                   415,813                      83,875              103,173
       Singapore                                        230,403                         1                           –                    –
       Mexico                                           127,435                    88,417                      19,288               14,141
       Vietnam                                                5                     5,453                     233,182              144,901
       Other countries                                  400,112                    98,158                      57,238               39,603


                                                      6,657,663                 5,702,949                     733,296              685,354


      Note:   Non-current assets excluded financial instruments, deferred tax assets and other receivables.



      Information about major customers
      Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total sales of the
      Group are as follows:


                                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                                              US$’000              US$’000


       Customer A1                                                                                        3,758,640             3,176,141
       Customer B1&2                                                                                      1,083,529             1,066,899


      1       Revenue arising from provision of manufacturing services mainly to customers located in Asia and Europe and in connection with the
              production of handsets.

      2       The customer represented Hon Hai and its subsidiaries other than the members of the Group.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025                101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



6.    OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                                    2025       2024
                                                                                                 US$’000    US$’000


       An analysis of the Group’s other income, gains and
         losses is as follows:

       Interest income from bank deposits and bank balances                                       45,990     50,300
       Net foreign exchange gain                                                                   1,014     15,125
       Government subsidies (note)                                                                11,524     16,190
       Rental income                                                                               3,953     10,090
       Net loss on disposal and write-off of property,
          plant and equipment                                                                     (5,883)    (2,866)
       Loss on closure of subsidiaries                                                            (1,226)         –
       Impairment loss on interest in an associate                                                (1,306)         –
       Gain on deemed disposal of an associate                                                         –      2,758
       Gain on early termination of lease (note 14)                                                    –        340
       Others                                                                                     (1,272)      (628)


                                                                                                  52,794     91,309

      Note:   This mainly represented subsidies granted for the Group’s operations in the PRC.




102     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



7.    PROFIT BEFORE TAX

                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                          US$’000         US$’000


       Profit before tax for the year has been arrived at
         after charging:

       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                      123,244         132,242
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                  2,883           4,189
       Depreciation of investment properties                                  212              67


       Total depreciation and amortisation                                126,339         136,498
       Less: Amount capitalised in inventories                            (92,858)       (100,087)
             Amount included in research and development expenses          (2,961)         (2,711)


                                                                           30,520             33,700


       Interest on:
          Bank borrowings                                                  24,642             57,298
          Lease liabilities                                                   142                335


                                                                           24,784             57,633


       Staff costs
         Directors’ emoluments (note 8)                                     2,387           2,307
         Retirement benefit scheme contributions (excluding directors)     11,209          11,519
         Other staff costs                                                242,085         254,955


       Total staff costs                                                  255,681         268,781
       Less: Amount capitalised in inventories                           (198,298)       (206,787)
             Amount included in research and development expenses         (36,767)        (22,903)


                                                                           20,616             39,091


       Auditor’s remuneration                                                  641            649
       Cost of inventories recognised as expense                         6,431,241      5,554,546
       Provision for warranty                                               12,965          1,508
       Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                     8,228         12,255




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



8.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
      The emoluments paid or payable to each of the directors and the chief executive of the Company were
      as follows:


                                                                        Other emoluments
                                                                          Performance-   Retirement
                                                                  Basic        based or      benefit
                                                           salaries and discretionary        scheme
       2025                                         Fees    allowances           bonus contributions     Total
                                                 US$’000        US$’000         US$’000     US$’000    US$’000
                                                                                 (Note)


       Huang Ying Shih (also known as
          Philip Huang) (appointed as
          Chairman of the Board with
          effect from 31 October 2025)               14             –               –              –       14
       Chih Yu Yang (retired as Chairman
          of the Board with effect
          from 31 October 2025)                       –           160            733              –       893
       Lin Chia-Yi (also known as Charles Lin)        –           177            665              –       842
       Kuo Wen-Yi                                     –           393             60             13       466
       Chang Chuan-Wang                              40             –              –              –        40
       Lau Siu Ki                                    40            12              –              –        52
       Chen Shu Chuan
          (also known as Nadia Chen)                 40             –               –              –       40
       Chiu Yen-Tsen (also known as
          Chiu Yen-Chen, Dennis)                     40             –               –              –       40


                                                    174           742           1,458            13      2,387




104     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



8.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

                                                                                      Other emoluments
                                                                                       Performance-    Retirement
                                                                                Basic       based or       benefit
                                                                         salaries and discretionary       scheme
       2024                                                    Fees       allowances          bonus contributions            Total
                                                               ’
                                                            US$ 000          US$’000        US$’000      US$’000          US$’000
                                                                                              (Note)


       Chih Yu Yang (re-designated from Acting
          Chairman to the Chairman of the Board
          with effect from 1 July 2024 and resigned
          as the Chief Executive Officer with effect
          from 1 July 2024)                                         –           220             645               –            865
       Lin Chia-Yi (also known as Charles Lin)
          (appointed as the Chief Executive Officer
          with effect from 1 July 2024)                            –            132             469               2            603
       Kuo Wen-Yi                                                  –            393             260              14            667
       Chang Chuan-Wang                                           40              –               –               –             40
       Lau Siu Ki                                                 40             12               –               –             52
       Chen Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia Chen)                  40              –               –               –             40
       Chiu Yen-Tsen (also known as
          Chiu Yen-Chen, Dennis)                                  40               –               –              –             40


                                                                 160            757           1,374              16          2,307

      Note:   The performance-based or discretionary bonus, including share-based payments, is determined by reference to the individual
              performance of the directors and approved by the remuneration committee of the Company.


      The chief executive of the Company is also a director and therefore the emoluments of the chief
      executive have been included in the amount disclosed above. The executive directors’ emoluments
      shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company
      and the Group. The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their
      services as directors of the Company.

      Neither the chief executive nor any of the directors waived any emoluments. Neither any of the directors
      nor the five highest paid individuals (note 9) were paid as compensation for loss of office and as
      incentive to join or upon joining the Group during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



9.    EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
      The aggregate emoluments of the five highest paid individuals included three (2024: three) executive
      directors of the Company, whose emoluments are included in note 8 above. The emoluments of the
      remaining two individuals (2024: two individuals) were as follows.


                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                             US$’000               US$’000


       Salaries, housing allowances and other benefits                            323                 329
       Retirement benefits                                                         18                  16
       Performance-related incentive payments                                     303                 251


                                                                                  644                 596


      Their emoluments were within the following bands (presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”)):


                                                                           Number of employees
                                                                              2025             2024


       HK$2,000,000 to HK$2,500,000                                                 1                   1
       HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                 1                   1


                                                                                    2                   2




106     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                      US$’000               US$’000


       Current tax
         – Hong Kong                                                                         –                    –
         – Other jurisdictions                                                           6,477               11,776
         – Top-up Tax under Pillar Two Rules                                             2,009                    –
         – Withholding tax for distributed profit of investments
           in the PRC                                                                   10,087               19,904


                                                                                        18,573               31,680


       Overprovision in prior years
         – Hong Kong                                                                          –                    –
         – Other jurisdictions                                                             (181)                (977)


                                                                                           (181)                (977)


                                                                                        18,392               30,703


       Deferred tax (note 19)
         – Current year                                                                  9,969                (5,017)


                                                                                        28,361               25,686


      No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made as the Group does not have assessable profits in
      Hong Kong.

      Tax charge mainly consists of income tax in the PRC attributable to the assessable profits of the
      Company’s subsidiaries established in the PRC. Under the law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax
      (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is
      25% (2024: 25%). One (2024: Two) of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries was awarded the Advanced
      – Technology Enterprise Certificate and entitled to a tax reduction from 25% to 15% for a period of
      three years, i.e. effective from 2024. Except for this subsidiary, other PRC subsidiaries are subject to
      Enterprise Income Tax at 25% (2024: 25%). Besides, another Company’s PRC subsidiary was entitled to
      a concessionary tax rate of 5% under small and micro-enterprises (小微企業) during the current year.

      Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025              107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
      According to a joint circular of the Ministry of Finance and State Administration of Taxation in the
      PRC, Cai Shui 2010 No.1, only the profits earned by foreign-investment enterprise prior to 1 January
      2008, when distributed to foreign investors, can be grandfathered and exempted from withholding tax.
      Whereas, dividend distributed out of the profits generated thereafter shall be subject to the Enterprise
      Income Tax at 5% or 10% and withheld by the PRC entities, pursuant to Articles 3 and 27 of the EIT
      Law and Article 91 of its Detailed Implementation Rules.

      The Group is subject to global minimum top-up tax under Pillar Two Rules. In respect of fiscal year
      commencing on or after 1 January 2025, Pillar Two Rules are effective and applicable in Brazil, Finland,
      Hong Kong, Hungary, Netherlands, Singapore, United Kingdom and Vietnam in which the Company and
      its subsidiaries operate. For jurisdictions where the annual effective income tax rate is estimated to be
      below 15%, a top-up tax is accrued for the year ended 31 December 2025. The Group has recognised
      a current tax expense of US$2,009,000 related to the top-up tax (2024: N/A) which is expected to be
      levied on the Group.

      The Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception for recognising and disclosing deferred tax
      assets and liabilities for the impacts of the top-up tax and accounts for it as a current tax when it is
      incurred. The Group will continue to monitor developments of the Pillar Two Rules and assess its impact
      on the Group as appropriate.

      The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the profit before tax as per the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                                        2025                     2024
                                                                                                     US$’000                  US$’000

       Profit before tax                                                                               82,496                     5,494

       Income tax charge at the PRC income tax rate of 25%
         (2024: 25%) for the year (note)                                                               20,624                     1,374
       Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                                                   (1,110)                   (2,331)
       Effect of income taxed at concessionary tax rates                                                    –                       937
       Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                            9,406                     5,499
       Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                                (4,328)                   (3,519)
       Tax effect of tax losses/deductible temporary differences
         not recognised                                                                                       –                   6,814
       Utilisation of tax losses/deductible temporary differences
         not recognised                                                                               (12,206)                       –
       Tax effect of share of profit of associates                                                     (1,868)                  (2,969)
       Tax effect of share of loss of a joint venture                                                     928                      954
       Withholding tax for distributed profit of investments in the PRC                                10,087                   19,904
       Withholding tax for undistributed profit of investments
         in the PRC                                                                                      5,000                        –
       Overprovision in prior years                                                                       (181)                    (977)
       Top-up tax under Pillar Two Rules                                                                 2,009                        –

       Income tax expense for the year                                                                 28,361                   25,686

      Note:   The domestic income tax rate of 25% (2024: 25%) represents the PRC Enterprise Income Tax rate on which the Group’s operations
              are substantially based.




108     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



11. DIVIDENDS
      Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the board of directors of the Company has resolved to
      recommend the declaration and payment of a final dividend of US3.47 cents (2024: nil) per ordinary
      share of the Company (which in aggregate amounts to approximately US$27,067,000 (2024: nil)),
      for the year ended 31 December 2025, subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the
      forthcoming annual general meeting.

12. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
      The calculation of the earnings (loss) per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on
      the following data:


                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                 US$’000             US$’000


       Profit (loss) attributable to the owners of the Company

       Profit (loss) for the purposes of basic and diluted loss per share         52,727             (20,331)



                                                                                    2025                2024


                                                                                                    (restated)
       Number of shares

       Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
         purpose of basic earnings (loss) per share                          786,281,370        788,600,317
       Effective of dilutive potential ordinary shares relating to
         outstanding share awards issued by the Company                        4,799,097                 N/A
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
         purpose of diluted earnings (loss) per share                        791,080,467        788,600,317


      The weighted average number of ordinary shares for both years for the purpose of calculating the basic
      and diluted earnings (loss) per share, had been adjusted to account for the effect of share consolidation
      as described in note 25.

      The calculation of diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 December 2024 did not take into account
      the share awards issued by the Company as detailed in note 36(b) because it is anti-dilutive.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025          109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                           Fixtures
                                               Land and     Plant and          and Construction
                                               buildings    machinery    equipment in progress        Total
                                                US$’000       US$’000      US$’000     US$’000      US$’000


       COST
       At 1 January 2024                        734,408       878,633      111,269       31,552    1,755,862
       Exchange adjustments                     (12,764)      (19,382)      (2,154)        (519)     (34,819)
       Additions                                  7,251        65,461        4,111       48,186      125,009
       Disposals and write-off                   (4,668)     (131,692)      (9,662)           –     (146,022)
       Transfers                                    571        16,050          309      (16,930)           –


       At 31 December 2024                      724,798       809,070      103,873       62,289    1,700,030
       Exchange adjustments                       9,809        (1,077)         736      (13,597)      (4,129)
       Additions                                  4,629       114,799        5,534       61,691      186,653
       Disposals and write-off                  (11,556)     (124,265)      (6,436)           –     (142,257)
       Transfers to investment
         properties (note 15)                    (4,313)            –            –            –       (4,313)
       Transfers                                 59,191        26,738          697      (86,626)           –


       At 31 December 2025                      782,558       825,265      104,404       23,757    1,735,984


       DEPRECIATION AND IMPAIRMENT
       At 1 January 2024                        451,515       586,722       78,251            –    1,116,488
       Exchange adjustments                      (7,723)      (14,240)      (1,529)           –      (23,492)
       Charge for the year                       44,589        82,508        5,145            –      132,242
       Eliminated on disposals and write-off     (4,256)     (113,634)      (9,502)           –     (127,392)
       Impairment loss recognised in
          profit or loss                               –       16,022            –            –      16,022


       At 31 December 2024                      484,125       557,378       72,365            –    1,113,868
       Exchange adjustments                      (1,326)        2,822          655            –        2,151
       Charge for the year                       29,663        88,070        5,511            –      123,244
       Eliminated on disposals and write-off    (10,286)     (110,250)      (6,420)           –     (126,956)
       Impairment loss recognised in
          profit or loss                               –        4,202            2            –        4,204
       Transfers to investment
          properties (note 15)                    (3,181)           –            –            –       (3,181)


       At 31 December 2025                      498,995       542,222       72,113            –    1,113,330


       CARRYING VALUES
       At 31 December 2025                      283,563       283,043       32,291       23,757     622,654


       At 31 December 2024                      240,673       251,692       31,508       62,289     586,162


110     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      Included in the land and buildings are freehold land, located in Mexico and India (2024: Mexico and
      India), having an aggregate cost of approximately US$7,596,000 (2024: US$7,622,000). All buildings of
      the Group are situated outside Hong Kong.

      The Group’s property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation
      and accumulated impairment losses, if any. The above items of property, plant and equipment (other
      than freehold land and construction in progress) are depreciated using the straight-line method, after
      taking into account their estimated residual values, over the following periods:


      Land and buildings                                 Shorter of 20 – 40 years and the lease terms
      Plant and machinery                                5 – 10 years
      Fixtures and equipment                             3 – 5 years


      At 31 December 2025, the directors of the Company appointed independent professional appraisers
      to perform appraisals on the Group’s property, plant and equipment with impairment indicators, such
      as changing market environment which result in revenue decrease and assets being idle during the
      year and determined that a number of those assets were impaired. As a result, impairment losses of
      US$4,204,000 (2024: US$16,022,000) has been recognised in profit or loss in respect of plant and
      machinery (2024: plant and machinery) for the year.

14. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                  Leasehold       Land and
                                                                       land       buildings         Total
                                                                    US$’000        US$’000        US$’000


       As at 31 December 2025
       Carrying amount                                                33,278          9,982         43,260


       As at 31 December 2024
       Carrying amount                                                33,940          2,817         36,757


       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       Depreciation charge                                               913          1,970             2,883


       For the year ended 31 December 2024
       Depreciation charge                                               916          3,273             4,189




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025          111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



14. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)

                                                                              Year ended           Year ended
                                                                             31 December          31 December
                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                 US$’000              US$’000


       Expense relating to short-term leases                                         22,066              21,079

       Total cash outflow for leases                                                 25,536              24,514

       Additions to right-of-use assets                                               9,051               5,672


      Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

      For both years, the Group leases leasehold land and buildings and plant and machinery for its
      operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of one to four years without extension and
      termination option. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of
      different terms and conditions. Lease assets may not be used as security for borrowing purpose.

      In addition, the Group owns several industrial buildings where its manufacturing facilities are primarily
      located and office buildings. The Group is the registered owner of these property interests, including the
      underlying leasehold lands. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these property interests.
      The leasehold land components of these owned properties are presented separately only if the payments
      made can be allocated reliably.

      During the year, the Group entered into one new lease agreement (2024: several new lease agreements)
      for the use of leased properties and plant and machinery for five years (2024: one to three years). On
      the lease commencement, the Group recognised US$9,051,000 (2024: US$5,672,000) of right-of-use
      assets and US$9,051,000 (2024: US$5,672,000) of lease liabilities.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group early terminated lease agreements with remaining
      lease term of three years and derecognised right-of-use assets of US$1,553,000 and lease liabilities of
      US$1,893,000, resulting in a gain on early termination of leases of US$340,000.

      The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for certain premises, motor vehicles and office
      equipment. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the
      portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense incurred during the year.

15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
      Investment properties are stated at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and any accumulated
      impairment. The Group leases out buildings under operating leases with fixed rentals payable monthly.
      The leases typically run for an initial period of one to two years (2024: one to two years), with unilateral
      rights to extend the lease beyond initial period held by lessees only.



112     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, certain investment properties are leased to the related parties of
      the Group but the Group had not contracted with the related parties for any future minimum lease
      payments.

      The Group is not exposed to foreign currency risk as a result of the lease arrangements, as all leases are
      denominated in the respective functional currencies of group entities. The lease contracts do not contain
      residual value guarantee and/or lessee’s option to purchase the property at the end of lease term.


                                                                                                                                    US$’000

       COST
       At 1 January 2024                                                                                                               1,113
       Exchange adjustment                                                                                                              (245)

       At 31 December 2024                                                                                                               868
       Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 13)                                                                           4,313
       Exchange adjustment                                                                                                               162

       At 31 December 2025                                                                                                             5,343

       DEPRECIATION
       At 1 January 2024                                                                                                                  707
       Exchange adjustment                                                                                                               (164)
       Provided for the year                                                                                                               67

       At 31 December 2024                                                                                                               610
       Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 13)                                                                           3,181
       Exchange adjustment                                                                                                               118
       Provided for the year                                                                                                             212

       At 31 December 2025                                                                                                             4,121

       CARRYING VALUES
       At 31 December 2025                                                                                                             1,222

       At 31 December 2024                                                                                                                258


      Note:   On 2 November 2022, the Group entered into the compensation agreement (the “Agreement”) with government authority in
              Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, the PRC (the “Purchaser”). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Purchaser shall resume the ownership of
              a property, 中國浙江省杭州經濟技術開發區 11 號大街 58 號、58-2 號及 58-3 號(No. 58, 58-2 and 58-3, 11th Avenue, Hangzhou
              Economic and Technological Development Zone, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, the PRC) (the “Property”), which was classified as
              investment property, at a cash compensation of RMB607,669,300 (equivalent to approximately US$87,261,000), details of which are
              set out in the Company’s disclosable transaction announcement dated 2 November 2022.

              On 6 April 2023, the Group’s land use right, property ownership and the relevant certificates have been cancelled and the Purchaser
              has resumed the ownership of the Property. The carrying amount of investment property at date of disposal was US$8,809,000,
              resulting in a gain on disposal of investment property of US$78,452,000 which was included in “other income, gains and
              losses” during the year ended 31 December 2023. The remaining balance of compensation which the Group has yet to receive is
              US$34,895,000 (2024: US$34,110,000) which was included in “other receivables” under non-current assets as at 31 December
              2025.


                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025                   113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      The fair value of the Group’s investment properties at 31 December 2025 was US$9,297,000 (2024:
      US$6,899,000). The fair value has been arrived at based on a valuation carried out by independent
      valuers not connected with the Group. The fair value was determined by reference to recent market
      prices for similar properties in the same locations and conditions. In estimating the fair value of the
      properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.

      The above investment properties are depreciated using the straight-line method, after taking into
      account their estimated residual value, over 5 to 20 years.

16. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

                                                                                                                2025                       2024
                                                                                                             US$’000                    US$’000


       Equity securities listed in USA (note a)                                                                 1,004                      2,094
       Unlisted equity securities (note b)                                                                     35,544                     54,610


                                                                                                               36,548                     56,704


      Notes:

      (a)       The above listed equity investments represent ordinary shares of entities listed in USA. These investments are not held for trading,
                instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments
                in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit
                or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and realising their
                performance potential in the long run.

      (b)       The above unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s equity interest in several private entities established in the PRC, India,
                USA, Taiwan and Republic of Finland (“Finland”). The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in
                equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they are held for long-term strategic purposes.

                As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, included in unlisted equity securities above, there is the Group’s investment in HMD, a company
                incorporated in Finland, which is engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of telecommunication devices, software and
                related services, of approximately US$17,320,000 (2024: US$27,900,000) and fair value loss of US$10,580,000 (2024: gain of
                US$2,200,000) was recognised in other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2025.

                In determining the fair value of unlisted equity investment in relation to HMD, the Group engaged independent professional valuers
                to perform a valuation. The amount is determined using option-pricing method with expected volatility, expected life and risk-free
                rate as the key inputs to allocate equity value of HMD derived by market approach (2024: discounted cash flow) which involved the
                determination of significant estimation and unobservable inputs, including selection of comparable companies and consideration of
                trading multiple.




114         FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                                  2025                         2024
                                                                                                               US$’000                      US$’000


       Cost of investments in associates, less impairment                                                            5,422                    12,357
       Share of post-acquisition profit and other comprehensive
         income, net of dividend received                                                                        27,689                       13,911


                                                                                                                 33,111                       26,268


      At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had interests in the following associates:


                                                                                   Proportion of nominal
                                              Place of       Principal Class of       value of issued       Proportion of
                                    Form      incorporation/ place of share/        capital/interest held voting power held
       Name of associate            of entity registration operation interest held     by the Group         by the Group Principal activities
                                                                                     2025         2024     2025      2024


       Diabell Co., Ltd. (note a)   Limited   Republic      Korea     Ordinary          19.998%   19.998%     20%       20% Designing, developing,
                                    company   of Korea                                                                      manufacturing and selling
                                              (“Korea”)                                                                     hinges and window lens for
                                                                                                                            handsets as well as
                                                                                                                            connectors, switches,
                                                                                                                            metal decoration, vibration
                                                                                                                            motors and related products

       Rooti Labs Limited           Limited   Cayman        Taiwan    Ordinary          22.22%    22.22%    22.22%    22.22% Research and development of
                                    company   Islands                                                                        wearable products

       杭州耕德電子有限公司                   Limited   PRC           PRC       Equity interest   23.87%    23.87%    23.87%    23.87% Engaging in the business of
        (known as Hangzhou          company                                                                                  design, development and
        Gengde Electronics                                                                                                   manufacturing of electronic
        Co., Ltd.) (note b)                                                                                                  devices and handset
                                                                                                                             accessories

      Notes:

      (a)        Diabell Co., Ltd. is a private limited company established in Korea. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group is able
                 to exercise significant influence over Diabell Co., Ltd. because it has the right to appoint one out of five directors of Diabell Co.,
                 Ltd.. During the year ended 31 December 2025, an impairment loss of US$1,306,000 (2024: nil) was recognised to fully impair the
                 Group’s interests in Diabell Co., Ltd. as the director considered that no future cash flows would be generated from such interests
                 which are of no market value.

      (b)        During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s interest in Hangzhou Gengde Electronics Co., Ltd. was diluted from 35%
                 to 23.87% and a gain on deemed disposal of US$2,758,000 was recognised in profit or loss (included in other income, gains and
                 losses).




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025                      115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material
      Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s associate is set out below. The summarised
      financial information below represents amounts shown in the associate’s financial statements prepared
      in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.


                                                                                                  Year ended                Year ended
                                                                                                   31.12.2025               31.12.2024
                                                                                                     US$’000                   US$’000


       Profit for the year                                                                               23,649                   32,138


       Other comprehensive income                                                                         3,656                        1,921


       Total comprehensive income                                                                        27,305                   34,059


       Group’s share of profit and other comprehensive
         income of associates for the year                                                                8,149                        8,103


18. INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE

                                                                                                           2025                     2024
                                                                                                        US$’000                  US$’000


       Cost of investment in a joint venture                                                             40,000                   40,000
       Share of post-acquisition loss and other comprehensive expense                                   (34,069)                 (30,599)


                                                                                                          5,931                        9,401


      At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had interest in the following joint venture:


                                                                           Proportion of nominal
                                    Place of       Principal                   value of issued     Proportion of
       Name of joint     Form of    incorporation/ place of    Class of      capital held by the voting power held
       venture           entity     registration operation     shares held         Group           by the Group Principal activities
                                                                              2025        2024    2025      2024


       Mobile Drive      Limited   Netherlands    Netherlands Ordinary       50%        50%       50%       50% Research and development
        Netherlands B.V.   company                                                                                of communication
        (“Mobile Drive”)                                                                                          systems, handsets as well
                                                                                                                  as other software
                                                                                                                  hardware and related
                                                                                                                  systems

116     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



18. INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE (Continued)
      Summarised financial information of a material joint venture
      Summarised financial information in respect of the joint venture is set out below. The summarised
      financial information below represents amounts shown in the joint venture ’ s financial statements
      prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.

      The joint venture is accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.

      Mobile Drive

                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                US$’000             US$’000


       Current assets                                                             22,091              34,220


       Non-current assets                                                            964               4,079


       Current liabilities                                                       (10,232)            (18,226)


       Non-current liabilities                                                      (961)             (1,271)


      The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:


                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                US$’000             US$’000


       Cash and cash equivalents                                                  18,104              20,066


       Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables
         and provision)                                                                 –               (644)


       Non-current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other
         payables and provision)                                                    (561)             (1,046)




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025          117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



18. INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE (Continued)
      Summarised financial information of a material joint venture (Continued)
      Mobile Drive (Continued)

                                                                           Year ended          Year ended
                                                                            31.12.2025         31.12.2024
                                                                              US$’000             US$’000


       Revenue                                                                  12,362             18,564


       Loss for the year                                                         (7,422)            (7,629)


       Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year                           482              (1,774)


       Total other comprehensive expense for the year                            (6,940)            (9,403)


       The above loss for the year includes the following:
       Depreciation and amortisation                                             1,614               2,234


       Interest income                                                             305                 616


       Interest expense                                                               9                 65


      Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in
      Mobile Drive recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                               US$’000            US$’000


       Net assets of Mobile Drive                                               11,862             18,802
       Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in Mobile Drive               50%                50%


       Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Mobile Drive                   5,931               9,401




118     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



19. DEFERRED TAXATION
      The following are the major deferred tax (assets) and liabilities recognised and movements thereon for
      the year:


                                    Allowances
                                             for
                                    inventories                    Accelerated             Undistributed
                                      and trade                            tax                profits of
                                      and other      Warranty     (accounting)         Tax           PRC
                                    receivables      provision    depreciation      losses subsidiaries            Others          Total
                                        US$’000       US$’000         US$’000      US$’000      US$’000           US$’000        US$’000
                                                                                                                   (note)


       At 1 January 2024                 (1,861)          (201)         (2,970)      (4,892)              –         2,370          (7,554)
       Charge (credit) to profit
         or loss for the year               219            199          (3,063)           –               –         (2,372)        (5,017)
       Exchange adjustments                  42              2             159          122               –            208            533


       At 31 December 2024               (1,600)             –          (5,874)      (4,770)              –           206        (12,038)
       Charge (credit) to profit
         or loss for the year               478              –          (2,479)       4,688           5,000          2,282         9,969
       Exchange adjustments                  65              –             328           82               –            131           606


       At 31 December 2025               (1,057)             –          (8,025)           –           5,000         2,619          (1,463)

      Note:    Others mainly represent temporary difference arising from accrued expenses and other receivables from disposal of investment
               properties.


      For the purposes of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax
      assets and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances (after
      offset) for financial reporting purposes:


                                                                                                        2025                     2024
                                                                                                     US$’000                  US$’000


       Deferred tax assets                                                                            (15,989)                 (21,128)
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                        14,526                    9,090


                                                                                                        (1,463)                (12,038)




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



19. DEFERRED TAXATION (Continued)
      Deferred tax assets were recognised for other deductible temporary differences of approximately
      US$54,025,000 (2024: US$62,325,000) on allowances for inventories and trade and other receivables,
      warranty provision, accelerated tax (accounting) depreciation and other accrued expenses.

      At 31 December 2025, the Group has not recognised deductible temporary differences on allowances
      for inventories and trade and other receivables, warranty provision, deferred income and other accrued
      expenses of approximately US$413,781,000 (2024: US$379,593,000) as it is not probable that taxable
      profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised.

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately US$642,999,000
      (2024: US$949,091,000) available for offset against future profits. As at 31 December 2024, a deferred
      tax asset has been recognised in respect of approximately US$18,951,000 (2025: nil) of such losses. No
      deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the remaining tax losses of US$642,999,000 (2024:
      US$930,140,000) either due to the unpredictability of future profit streams or because it is not probable
      that the unused tax losses will be available for utilisation before their expiry. Included in unrecognised
      tax losses are losses of approximately US$246,544,000 (2024: US$578,674,000) which will expire by
      five consecutive years. Other losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

      By reference to financial budgets, management believes that there will be sufficient future taxable
      profits or taxable temporary differences available in the future for the realisation of deferred tax assets
      which have been recognised in respect of other temporary differences.

      Under the EIT Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by PRC
      subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. At 31 December 2025, US$5,000,000 (2024: nil) deferred
      tax liability has been recognised in respect of temporary differences associated with undistributed
      profits of subsidiaries of approximately US$50,000,000 (2024: nil) and no deferred tax liability has been
      recognised for the remaining undistributed profits of US$503,197,000 (2024: US$727,324,000) because
      the Group is in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is
      probable that such differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

20. INVENTORIES

                                                                                     2025                 2024
                                                                                  US$’000              US$’000


       Raw materials                                                               425,161             304,020
       Work-in-progress                                                             52,647              79,047
       Finished goods                                                              233,072             164,628


                                                                                   710,880             547,695




120     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



21. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                   2025              2024
                                                                                US$’000           US$’000


       Trade receivables                                                         958,560          849,236
       Less: Allowance for credit losses                                        (221,320)        (221,556)


                                                                                 737,240          627,680
       Other taxes recoverable                                                    56,267           88,764
       Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                65,864           75,514


       Total trade and other receivables                                         859,371          791,958


      As at 1 January 2024, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to US$733,183,000.

      The Group generally issues invoices to the customers when the goods are passed to the customers,
      except for certain orders that the Group may also collect advance payments from customers. The Group
      normally allows an average credit period ranging from 30 to 90 days to its trade customers, except
      certain customers with a good track record which may be granted a longer credit period.

      During the year ended 31 December 2025, certain trade receivables were derecognised under factoring
      arrangement with financial institutes at cash proceeds of US$2,274,615,000 (2024: US$2,621,666,000).

      The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables net of allowance for credit losses as presented
      based on the invoice dates at the end of the reporting period, which approximated the respective
      revenue recognition dates:


                                                                                   2025              2024
                                                                                US$’000           US$’000


       0 – 90 days                                                               667,773          575,173
       91 – 180 days                                                              65,476           45,090
       181 – 360 days                                                                339            2,685
       Over 360 days                                                               3,652            4,732


                                                                                 737,240          627,680


      As at 31 December 2025, included in the Group’s trade receivables balances are debtors with aggregate
      carrying amount of US$275,041,000 (2024: US$279,243,000) which are past due as at the reporting
      date. Out of the past due balances, US$3,991,000 (2024: US$7,417,000) has been past due over 90
      days or more and is not considered as in default based on the credit quality of the debtors. The Group
      does not hold any collateral over these balances.

      Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in note 32.

                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025       121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



22. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                          2025                      2024
                                                                                                       US$’000                   US$’000


       Trade payables                                                                                1,017,921                 1,023,748
       Other tax payables                                                                               54,446                    62,964
       Accrued staff costs and employee benefits                                                       111,079                   112,558
       Others                                                                                          361,397                   327,790


                                                                                                     1,544,843                 1,527,060


      The following is the aged analysis of trade payables as presented based on the invoice date at the end
      of the reporting period:


                                                                                                          2025                      2024
                                                                                                       US$’000                   US$’000


       0 – 90 days                                                                                      950,649                  996,534
       91 – 180 days                                                                                     37,778                   14,354
       181 – 360 days                                                                                    22,413                    4,984
       Over 360 days                                                                                      7,081                    7,876


                                                                                                     1,017,921                 1,023,748


23. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                                          2025                      2024
                                                                                                       US$’000                   US$’000


       Within one year                                                                                     3,320                         38
       Within a period of more than one year but not
        more than two years                                                                                1,740                       690
       Within a period of more than two years but not
        more than five years                                                                               5,224                     3,853


                                                                                                         10,284                      4,581
       Less: Amount due for settlement within twelve months
         shown under current liabilities                                                                  (3,320)                       (38)


       Amount due for settlement over twelve months
        shown under non-current liabilities                                                                6,964                     4,543

      Note:   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group early terminated lease agreements details of which are set out in note 14.



122     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



24. BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                                         2025                      2024
                                                                                                      US$’000                   US$’000


       Bank loans – due within one year                                                                108,370                  341,420


       Analysis of bank borrowings by currency:

       US$                                                                                             108,370                  341,420


      The bank borrowings as at 31 December 2025 are unsecured, obtained with original maturity of one to
      two months (2024: one month) and carry interest at fixed interest rate ranging from 4.06% to 4.12%
      (2024: 4.90% to 5.15%) per annum. Out of total bank borrowings, bank borrowings of US$60,600,000
      (2024: US$100,000,000) contain a repayment on demand clause. The weighted average effective
      interest rate on the bank borrowings is 4.09% per annum (2024: 4.97% per annum).

25. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                   Par value        ordinary shares            Amount
                                                                                         US$                                   US$’000


       Authorised:
        Balance at 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024
          and 1 January 2025                                                               0.04      20,000,000,000             800,000
        Share Consolidation (note)                                                                  (18,000,000,000)                  –


       Balance as at 31 December 2025                                                       0.4        2,000,000,000            800,000


       Issued and fully paid:
          Balance at 1 January 2024                                                        0.04        7,905,000,000            316,200
          Repurchase and cancellation of shares                                            0.04          (20,500,000)              (820)


         Balance at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                    0.04        7,884,500,000            315,380
         Share Consolidation (note)                                                                   (7,096,050,000)                 –


         Balance at 31 December 2025                                                        0.4          788,450,000            315,380


      Note:   On 16 May 2025, the shareholders of the Company approved the share consolidation on the basis that every ten issued and
              unissued share of a par value of US$0.04 each be consolidated into one consolidated share of a par value of US$0.40 each, which
              became effective on 20 May 2025 (the “Share Consolidation”). In connection with the Share Consolidation, the par value of
              the authorised share capital of the Company changed from US$800,000,000 divided into 20,000,000,000 shares of a par value of
              US$0.04 each to US$800,000,000 divided into 2,000,000,000 consolidated shares of a par value of US$0.40 each.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



25. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
      During the current year, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange
      as follows:


                                                              Number                                           Aggregate
                                                           of ordinary                   Price per share    consideration
       Month of repurchases                                     shares               Highest         Lowest          paid
                                                                                        HK$             HK$      HK$’000


       May 2025 (before Share
        Consolidation)                                      10,254,000                    0.85                 0.78               8,406


      Note:    10,254,000 ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.04 each were consolidated into 1,025,400 ordinary shares of a par value of
               US$0.40 each due to Share Consolidation.



                                                              Number                                           Aggregate
                                                           of ordinary                   Price per share    consideration
       Month of repurchases                                     shares               Highest         Lowest          paid
                                                                                        HK$             HK$      HK$’000


       May 2025 (after Share
         Consolidation)                                       1,087,600                  9.34                 8.18               9,255
       June 2025                                              1,287,000                 10.26                 8.90              12,182
       July 2025                                                142,000                 10.36                10.12               1,460
       August 2025                                            1,314,000                 15.44                14.30              19,778
       September 2025                                           864,000                 17.34                14.87              14,336
       November 2025                                          1,340,000                 19.25                17.37              24,779
       December 2025                                          1,348,000                 19.30                18.20              25,607


                                                              7,382,600                                                       107,397


       Total                                                                                                                  115,803


                                                                                                                              US$’000

       Equivalent to                                                                                                            14,876


      8,408,000 ordinary shares were repurchased during the year ended 31 December 2025. These shares
      were not cancelled and remained as treasury shares (the “Treasury Shares”, as defined under the
      Listing Rules). During the current year, 734,186 treasury shares were transferred out under equity-
      settled share-based payment plan and 7,673,814 treasury shares were held by the Company as at 31
      December 2025.

      None of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
      (including Treasury Shares) during the current year.



124     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



25. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through
      the Stock Exchange as follows:


                                                     Number                                         Aggregate
                                                  of ordinary              Price per share        consideration
       Month of repurchases                            shares          Highest          Lowest             paid
                                                                          HK$              HK$        HK$’000


       January 2024                                4,400,000              0.60             0.58           2,594
       March 2024                                  5,500,000              0.51             0.47           2,728
       April 2024                                    800,000              0.51             0.50             404


                                                  10,700,000                                              5,726


                                                                                                       US$’000

       Equivalent to                                                                                        734


      10,700,000 ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.04 each were repurchased and cancelled during the
      year ended 31 December 2024.

26. RESERVES
      The Group’s special reserve represents the difference between the paid-in capital of the subsidiaries
      acquired pursuant to the group reorganisation in 2004 and the nominal value of the Company’s shares
      issued in exchange therefrom.

      The Group’s legal reserve represents statutory reserve attributable to the Company’s subsidiaries in the
      PRC and Taiwan. As required by the laws in the PRC and Taiwan, appropriations are made from the
      profit of these subsidiaries to the legal reserve until the balance reaches 50% of the registered capital of
      the relevant subsidiaries. This reserve can only be used to make up losses incurred or to increase capital.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025          125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



27. DERIVATIVES
      Currency derivatives
      The Group utilises currency derivatives to hedge significant future transactions and cash flows. The
      Group utilises forward foreign exchange contracts to manage its exchange rate exposures. The
      instruments adopted are primarily to hedge the currencies used in the Group’s principal markets.

      During the current year, a gain from the forward foreign exchange contracts of US$1,687,000
      (2024: loss of US$1,757,000) was recognised in profit or loss and included in other income, gains and
      losses.

      At the end of the reporting period, notional amount of major outstanding forward foreign exchange
      contracts that the Group has committed are as below:

                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                 US$’000              US$’000

       US$                                                                        163,000              81,000

      As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of the Group ’ s currency derivatives is estimated to be
      approximately US$8,000 liabilities (2024: US$1,695,000 liabilities), based on the difference between the
      market forward rate at the end of the reporting period for the remaining duration of the outstanding
      contracts and their contracted forward rates, and is included as other payables (2024: other payables)
      at the end of the reporting period. The contracts outstanding as at 31 December 2025 mainly related
      to buying of Mexican Peso (“MXN”) and New Taiwan Dollars (“NTD”) (2024: MXN and NTD) with
      maturities in the first quarter of 2026 (2024: first quarter of 2025).

28. BANK DEPOSITS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
      Bank deposits carry interest at prevailing market rate of 4.77% (2024: 6.77%) per annum on average,
      with original maturity of over three months.

      Cash and cash equivalents include bank balances and cash which comprise cash held by the Group and
      short term bank deposits with an original maturity of three months or less. The deposits carry interest at
      prevailing market rate of 1.71% (2024: 3.33%) per annum on average.

      For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group performed impairment assessment on
      bank balances and concluded that the probability of defaults of the counterparty banks are insignificant
      and accordingly, no allowance for credit losses is provided.

      Details of impairment assessment of bank deposits and bank balances are set out in note 32.

      Analysis of bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents by currency:

                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                 US$’000              US$’000

       US$                                                                        414,762             319,671
       RMB                                                                        629,999           1,037,848
       India Rupee (“INR”)                                                        241,798             257,612
       Brazilian Real                                                               9,392               7,769
       NTD                                                                         53,123              53,480
       Others                                                                       3,951               8,694

                                                                                1,353,025           1,685,074



126     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



29. PROVISION

                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                              US$’000            US$’000


       At 1 January                                                              1,438              2,014
       Exchange adjustments                                                         10                (67)
       Provision for the year                                                   12,965              1,508
       Utilisation of provision/upon expiry of the warranty period                (280)            (2,017)


       At 31 December                                                           14,133              1,438


      The provision represents management’s best estimate of the Group’s warranty liability under twelve to
      twenty-four months’ warranty granted on handset products, based on prior experience and industry
      averages for defective products.

30. DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                              US$’000            US$’000


       Government subsidies                                                      6,028              6,404


      Government subsidies granted to the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC are released to income over the
      useful lives of the related depreciable assets.

31. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                              US$’000            US$’000


       Commitments for the acquisition of property, plant and
         equipment contracted but not provided for                              47,409            21,820




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      (a)    Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                   US$’000             US$’000


              Financial assets
              Financial assets at amortised cost                                 2,150,524            2,412,639
              Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                          36,548               56,704


                                                                                 2,187,072            2,469,343


              Financial liabilities
              At amortised cost
              Fair value through profit or loss
                Derivatives (included in other payables)                                 8                1,695
              Trade and other payables                                           1,415,606            1,334,951
              Bank borrowings                                                      108,370              341,420


                                                                                 1,523,984            1,678,066


      (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies
             The Group ’ s major financial instruments include derivatives, bank deposits, cash and cash
             equivalents, equity instruments at FVTOCI, trade and other receivables, trade and other payables
             and bank borrowings. Details of the financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The
             risks associated with these financial instruments and lease liabilities include market risk (currency
             risk, other price risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and impairment assessment and liquidity
             risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages
             and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented in a timely and
             effective manner.

             Market risk

             Interest rate risk
             The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate bank borrowings (see
             note 24 for details of these bank borrowings) and lease liabilities (see note 23 for details). The
             directors of the Company monitor interest rate exposures and will consider hedging significant
             interest rate risk should the need arise.

             Cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances and deposits is considered
             insignificant as most of them are short-term in nature. Accordingly, no interest rate sensitivity
             analysis is presented.




128     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
             Market risk (Continued)

             Other price risk
             The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities measured
             at FVTOCI. For equity securities listed in USA, the management manages this exposure by
             maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risks. In addition, the Group also invested in
             certain unquoted equity securities in PRC, India, USA, Taiwan and Finland for investees engaged
             in the development, manufacture and sale of telecommunication devices, software and related
             services for long term strategic purposes which had been designated as FVTOCI. Sensitivity
             analysis for unquoted equity securities with fair value measurement categorised within Level 3
             were disclosed in note 32(c). The Group has organised an investment team to monitor the price
             risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the need arise.

             Currency risk
             The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various
             currency exposures. Foreign currency risk arises when the Group’s recognised assets and liabilities
             are denominated in a currency that is not the group entity’s functional currency.

             The Group manages its foreign currency exposures by non-financial techniques such as managing
             the transaction currency, leading and lagging payments, receivable management, etc. In addition,
             the Group sometimes obtains bank borrowings in various foreign currencies and enters into
             short-term forward foreign currency contracts less than three months (2024: less than three
             months) for hedging purpose. The Group utilises a variety of forward foreign currency contracts
             to hedge its exposure to foreign currencies on a regular basis. In response to the rapid volatility in
             the foreign exchange market, the Group adopted a strategy of squaring RMB positions at earlier
             stage to reduce the currency exposure.

             As at 31 December 2025, total notional amount of outstanding forward foreign exchange
             c o n t r a c t s t h a t t h e G r o u p h a s c o m m i t t e d i s a p p r o x i m a t e l y U S $163,000,000 (2024:
             US$81,000,000), and their fair values are estimated to be approximately US$8,000 liabilities
             (2024: US$1,695,000 liabilities), and are included as other payables (2024: other payables), at the
             end of the reporting period. The contracts mainly related to buying of MXN and NTD (2024: MXN
             and NTD) with maturities in first quarter (2024: first quarter) of the following year.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025               129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
             Market risk (Continued)

             Currency risk (Continued)
             The monetary assets and liabilities of group entities, which are denominated in a currency (i.e.
             RMB, INR and NTD) other than their respective functional currency, are mainly cash and cash
             equivalents, trade and other receivables and trade and other payables (2024: cash and cash
             equivalents, trade and other receivables and trade and other payables), the carrying amounts are
             summarised as follows:


                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                US$’000            US$’000


              Assets                                                          2,085,582          1,932,149


              Liabilities                                                    (1,073,974)          (713,292)


             As at 31 December 2025, all of Group’s bank borrowings were denominated in US$. As at 31
             December 2024, certain bank borrowings denominated in a currency other than their respective
             functional currency were included in the monetary liabilities disclosed above.

             Exchange rate sensitivity
             At the end of the reporting period, in respect of monetary items (excluding derivatives)
             denominated in currency other than the functional currency of respective group entities, if
             exchange rates of the foreign currency against US$ had been appreciated/depreciated by 3%
             (2024: 3%) and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s post-tax loss would decrease/
             increase by approximately US$2,350,000 (2024: US$7,354,000) for the year and the Group’s
             translation reserve would increase/decrease by US$82,960,000 (2024: US$84,346,000) for the
             year. In the current year, global currency market was tremendously volatile. Exchange rates
             of US$ versus other currencies fluctuated over the year which affected the translation of the
             monetary items, such as forward foreign exchange contracts, trade and other receivables, and
             trade and other payables of the Group, especially RMB and INR (2024: RMB and INR), RMB/US$
             exchange rate ranged between 0.1389 and 0.1423 and INR/US$ exchange rate ranged between
             0.0111 and 0.0118 (2024: RMB/US$ exchange rate ranged between 0.1391 and 0.1427 and INR/
             US$ exchange rate ranged between 0.0117 and 0.0121) in the current year. The effect of such
             fluctuation is closely monitored by the management of the Group to minimise the related effect
             on the overall result of the Group.




130     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
             Credit risk and impairment assessment

             The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the event of the counterparties’ failure to
             perform their obligations as at reporting period and in relation to each class of recognised
             financial assets is the carrying amount of those assets as stated in the consolidated statement of
             financial position. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancement to cover
             its credit risks associated with its financial assets.

             Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers
             A major portion of the Group ’ s trade receivables are receivables from industry leaders or
             multinational customers with good financial background. Before accepting any new customer,
             the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential customer’s credit quality
             and defines credit limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers are reviewed
             twice a year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken
             to recover overdue debts. In this regard, the management considers that the Group’s credit risk is
             significantly reduced.

             In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team
             responsible for determination of credit limits and monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up
             action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment
             under ECL model on debtors that are credit-impaired and certain debtor with increasing credit risk
             individually and/or based on provision matrix for remaining debtors. Details of the quantitative
             disclosures are set out below in this note.

             Bank deposits and bank balances
             The credit risk on bank deposits and bank balances is limited because the counterparties are
             banks with higher credit ratings and assigned by international credit-rating agencies. The Group
             assessed 12m ECL for bank deposits and bank balances by reference to information relating to
             probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades published by
             external credit rating agencies. Based on the average loss rates, the 12m ECL on bank deposits
             and bank balances is considered to be insignificant and therefore no loss allowance was
             recognised.

             Other receivables
             For other receivables and deposits, the management makes periodic individual assessment on
             the recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past
             experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive
             forward-looking information. During the year ended 31 December 2025, ECL on other receivables
             of US$5,990,000 (2024: recognised US$5,943,000) was reversed in profit or loss.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025         131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
             Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
             Other receivables (Continued)
             The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which included
             bank deposits, bank balances, other receivables and trade receivables, which are subject to ECL
             assessment:

                                                        External      Internal      12m or                                       Gross
                                            Notes       credit rating credit rating lifetime ECL                           carrying amount
                                                                                                                             2025       2024
                                                                                                                          US$'000    US$'000

              Financial assets at
                 amortised cost

              Bank deposits                   28        Ba3 – Aa3         N/A               12m ECL                         346,143        168,833

              Bank balances                   28        Ba3 – A1          N/A               12m ECL                      1,006,882       1,516,241

              Other receivables               21        N/A               (note i)          12m ECL                          60,259          99,885
                                                                          (note iii)        Lifetime ECL                          –           5,943
                                                                                               (credit-impaired)
              Trade receivables               21        N/A               (note ii & iii)   Lifetime ECL                    958,560        849,236
                                                                                               (not credit-impaired)

             Notes:

             (i)      For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group uses past due information to assess whether credit risk has
                      increased significantly since initial recognition. Based on the historical default rate, repayment history and forecast of future
                      condition on economy and debtors, the directors of the Company considered the expected credit loss for other receivables
                      is immaterial.

             (ii)     For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime
                      ECL. Except for debtors that are credit-impaired and certain debtor with increasing credit risk, the Group determines
                      the expected credit losses on these items by using a provision matrix. The Group uses debtors’ past due status to assess
                      the impairment for its customers because these customers consist of a large number of customers with common risk
                      characteristics that are representative of the customers’ abilities to pay all amounts due in accordance with the contractual
                      terms.

                      As at 31 December 2025, the management had assessed the ECL of trade receivable due from HMD with a gross carrying
                      amount of US$212,492,000 (2024: US$212,492,000) individually. Management had considered that due to deterioration
                      of HMD’s financial performance, there was a significant increase in credit risk of the trade receivables due from HMD. In
                      prior years, management had appointed an external valuer to assist in the estimation of the ECL provision of the trade
                      receivable by determining an appropriate probability of default rate, estimated loss given default rate and forward looking
                      adjustments. Based on the result of the assessment, a lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired) of US$212,492,000 was recognised.
                      During the year ended 31 December 2024, trade receivables from HMD with a gross carrying amount of US$2,732,000
                      (2025: nil) was recovered, resulted in reversal of ECL of US$2,732,000 (2025: nil).

                      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group provided ECL of US$5,531,000 (2024: provided ECL of
                      US$6,557,000), based on the provision matrix on the remaining balance of trade receivables that are not individually
                      assessed. Average loss rates of 0.31% to 66.92% (2024: 0.09% to 56.67%) were applied by the Group to the trade
                      receivable with gross carrying amount of US$746,068,000 (2024: US$636,744,000) which are assessed on a collective basis
                      by using provision matrix within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired).

                      Debtor that is credit-impaired, which was evident to management the debtor was in financial difficulty was assessed
                      individually. During the year ended 31 December 2024, loss allowance on credit impaired balance of US$7,437,000 (2025:
                      nil) was written off.

                      The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the debtors
                      and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by
                      management to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is updated.




132     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
             Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

             Other receivables (Continued)
             (iii)   The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables.


                                                                                                    Lifetime         Lifetime
                                                                                                         ECL               ECL
                                                                                                 (not credit-          (credit-
                                                                                                   impaired)        impaired)         Total
                                                                                                     US$’000          US$’000       US$’000


                     As at 1 January 2024                                                            217,859             7,474       225,333
                     Changes due to financial instruments recognised as at 1 January 2024:
                       – Impairment losses reversed                                                    (3,555)               –         (3,555)
                       – Write-off                                                                          –           (7,437)        (7,437)
                     Impairment losses recognised for new financial assets originated                   7,380                –          7,380
                     Exchange adjustments                                                                (128)             (37)          (165)

                     As at 31 December 2024                                                          221,556                  –      221,556
                     Changes due to financial instruments recognised as at 1 January 2025:
                       – Impairment losses reversed                                                    (4,193)                –        (4,193)
                       – Write-off                                                                     (5,758)                –        (5,758)
                     Impairment losses recognised for new financial assets originated                   9,724                 –         9,724
                     Exchange adjustments                                                                  (9)                –            (9)

                     As at 31 December 2025                                                          221,320                  –      221,320


                     The following table shows reconciliation of loss allowances that has been recognised for other receivables.


                                                                                                                                    Lifetime
                                                                                                                                          ECL
                                                                                                                                      (credit-
                                                                                                                                   impaired)
                                                                                                                                     US$’000


                     At 1 January 2024                                                                                                     –
                     Impairment losses recognised                                                                                      5,943


                     At 31 December 2024                                                                                                5,943
                     Impairment losses reversed                                                                                        (5,990)
                     Exchange adjustments                                                                                                  47


                     At 31 December 2025                                                                                                    –




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
             Liquidity risk

             Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the directors of the Company,
             which has built an appropriate liquidity risk management framework. The Group manages
             liquidity risk by maintaining adequate cash and cash equivalents, banking facilities and borrowing
             facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity
             profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

             The Group’s objective is to balance the fund’s continuity and flexibility through the use of bank
             borrowings. The maturity periods of the Group’s bank borrowings are one month (2024: one
             month) and the maturity periods of other financial liabilities and lease liabilities are within three
             months to five years. Out of the total bank borrowings, bank borrowings of US$60,600,000
             (2024: US$100,000,000) contain a repayment on demand clause.

             As at 31 December 2025, the Group has available unutilised banking facilities of approximately
             US$1,833,931,000 (2024: US$1,772,889,000). There was no pledge of assets in relation to the
             banking facilities as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

      (c)    Fair value measurements of financial instruments
             Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis

             Fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3, which are described as follows:

             •      Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                    liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;

             •      Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are
                    observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

             •      Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

             Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
             period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets
             are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as different
             levels of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Level 1
             to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and
             the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurements.




134     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (c)    Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)
             Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis (Continued)

                                    Fair value as at                                                                                      Sensitivity/relationship
                               31.12.2025 31.12.2024 Fair value Valuation technique(s)                          Significant               of unobservable inputs
              Financial assets   US$’000        US$000 hierarchy and key inputs                                 unobservable input(s)     to fair value

              Forward foreign            Liabilities –      Liabilities – Level 2   Fair value derived from     N/A                       N/A
              exchange contracts                     8            1,695             observable forward
              classified as other                                                   exchange rates at the
              payables (2024: other                                                 end of the reporting
              payables)                                                             period

              Equity instruments at     Listed equity      Listed equity Level 1    Quoted bid prices in an     N/A                       N/A
              FVTOCI                   investments –      investments –             active market
                                                1,004             2,094

              Equity instruments at   Unlisted equity    Unlisted equity Level 2    Fair value derived from     N/A                       N/A
              FVTOCI                   instruments –      instruments –             market value of
                                                2,100             5,270             the shares of equity
                                                                                    instruments in recent
                                                                                    investment transactions

              Equity instruments at   Unlisted equity    Unlisted equity Level 3    Option-pricing method,      Budged sales and gross    The higher the budgeted
              FVTOCI                   instruments –      instruments –             with expected volatility,   margin taken into         sales and gross margin,
                                               33,444            49,340             expected life and risk-     account the relevant      the higher the fair value,
                                                                                    free rate as the key        industry growth           and vice versa
                                                                                    inputs, to allocate         forecasts and financial
                                                                                    equity value of investees   budgets approved by the
                                                                                    determined using            investee’s management
                                                                                    market approach             and expectation for the
                                                                                                                market development
                                                                                    Option-pricing method,
                                                                                    with expected volatility,   Terminal growth rate,     The higher the terminal
                                                                                    expected life and           taking into the account   growth rate, the higher
                                                                                    risk-free rate as the       the management’s          the fair value, and vice
                                                                                    key inputs, to allocate     experience and            versa
                                                                                    equity value of investees   knowledge of market
                                                                                    determined using            conditions of the
                                                                                    income approach –           specific industries
                                                                                    discounted cash flow
                                                                                    method was used to          Weighted average cost     The lower the WACC, the
                                                                                    capture the present         of capital (“WACC”)       higher the fair value,
                                                                                    value of the expected       was 40.00%.               and vice versa
                                                                                    return




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025                        135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (c)    Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)
             Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets

                                                                                                                                   Financial
                                                                                                                                   assets at
                                                                                                                                     FVTOCI
                                                                                                                                    US$’000


              At 1 January 2024                                                                                                       36,354
              Net fair value loss
                – in OCI                                                                                                              (7,900)
              Transfer into Level 3 (note)                                                                                            20,886


              At 31 December 2024                                                                                                     49,340
              Net fair value loss
                – in OCI                                                                                                             (19,729)
              Transfer into Level 3 (note)                                                                                             3,833


              At 31 December 2025                                                                                                     33,444


             Note:   For the relevant financial assets, the recent transaction prices used in prior year to determine the fair value was no longer
                     available, therefore, the valuation method was changed and the fair value hierarchy was changed from Level 2 to Level 3.


             Included in other comprehensive income, loss of US$19,729,000 (2024: loss of US$7,900,000)
             relates to unlisted equity securities classified as equity instruments at FVTOCI (Level 3 fair value
             measurements) held at the end of the current reporting period and is reported as changes of
             revaluation reserve.

             Fair value of the Group ’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at
             fair value on a recurring basis

             For the other financial assets and financial liabilities, the directors of the Company consider that
             the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recognised in the consolidated
             financial statements approximate their fair values.




136     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



33. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both
      cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows
      were, or future cash flows will be classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash
      flows from financing activities.


                                                     Interest
                                                    payables
                                                   (included
                                                     in other           Bank             Lease
                                                   payables)     borrowings          liabilities         Total
                                                     US$’000         US$’000           US$’000         US$’000
                                                                    (note 24)         (note 23)


       At 1 January 2024                                5,725         703,676             3,979         713,380
       Financing cash flows                           (62,342)       (362,020)           (3,435)       (427,797)
       New lease entered (note 14)                          –               –             5,672           5,672
       Leases terminated (note 14)                          –               –            (1,893)         (1,893)
       Interest expenses                               57,298               –               335          57,633
       Exchange adjustments                                 –            (236)              (77)           (313)


       At 31 December 2024                                681         341,420             4,581         346,682
       Financing cash flows                           (25,310)       (233,050)           (3,470)       (261,830)
       New lease entered (note 14)                          –               –             9,051           9,051
       Interest expenses                               24,642               –               142          24,784
       Exchange adjustments                                 –               –               (20)            (20)


       At 31 December 2025                                 13         108,370           10,284          118,667




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025          137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      (a)    Other than as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group entered
             into the following transactions with related parties, including Hon Hai and its subsidiaries and
             associates other than the members of the Group.


                                                                                           2025       2024
                                                                                        US$’000    US$’000


              Hon Hai
                Sales of goods                                                          824,830    971,264
                Purchase of goods                                                        54,729     50,510
                Sales of property, plant and equipment                                        1          2
                Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                   317          2
                Lease expense – real properties (note)                                      622        602
                Subcontracting income                                                    13,468      2,671
                Consolidated services and subcontracting expense                            123        649
                General service income                                                        –         42


              Subsidiaries of Hon Hai
                Sales of goods                                                          235,206     73,803
                Purchase of goods                                                       276,115    145,742
                Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                   915        182
                Sales of property, plant and equipment                                    1,352     10,807
                Lease income – real properties                                            4,736      4,649
                Lease income – non-real properties                                           22          –
                Lease expense – real properties (note)                                    5,316      5,569
                Lease expense – non-real properties (note)                                   35         35
                Subcontracting income                                                    10,025     20,190
                Consolidated services and subcontracting expense                         40,219     33,266
                General service income                                                        7          –
                General service expense                                                   5,783      4,896


              Associates of Hon Hai
                Sales of goods                                                          203,851    248,101
                Purchase of goods                                                       105,875    127,922
                Sales of property, plant and equipment                                      164          –
                Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                    16        751
                Lease expense – real properties (note)                                       61         68
                Subcontracting income                                                     8,033      5,279
                Consolidated services and subcontracting expense                          2,086      1,038
                General service expense                                                      20         17


             Note:   The amounts represent short-term lease expenses during the year.




138     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)    At the end of the reporting period, the Group has the following balances due from/to related
             parties included in:


                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                              US$’000            US$’000


              Trade receivables:
                Hon Hai                                                       221,962            226,619
                Subsidiaries of Hon Hai                                        75,033             32,615
                Associates of Hon Hai                                          22,740             42,478


                                                                              319,735            301,712


              Other receivables:
                Hon Hai                                                              –                  2
                Subsidiaries of Hon Hai                                            156              1,043


                                                                                   156              1,045


                                                                              319,891            302,757


              Trade payables:
                Hon Hai                                                         10,058              5,186
                Subsidiaries of Hon Hai                                         55,347             45,844
                Associates of Hon Hai                                           23,633             28,781


                                                                                89,038             79,811


              Other payables:
                Hon Hai                                                             93                115
                Subsidiaries of Hon Hai                                          3,484              1,864
                Associates of Hon Hai                                                6                121


                                                                                 3,583              2,100


                                                                                92,621             81,911


             Balances due from/to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and are repayable within one
             year.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (c)    Compensation of key management personnel

             The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as
             follows:


                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                 US$’000              US$’000


              Short-term benefits                                                   3,625               3,743
              Share-based payments                                                  1,397                 526


                                                                                    5,022               4,269


      (d)    During the year, the Group enter into the following transactions with a joint venture:


                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                 US$’000              US$’000


              Sales of goods                                                          213               2,176
              Other income                                                            458               2,426
              Other expense                                                         3,688                 513
              Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                69                   –


             The amount due from a joint venture was US$4,127,000 (2024: US$8,473,000), which was
             interest-free with credit period of 90 days and included in trade and other receivables as at
             31 December 2025.

      (e)    During the year, the Group enter into the following transactions with associates:


                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                 US$’000              US$’000


              Sales of goods                                                        3,593                806
              Other income                                                            452                772


             The amounts due from associates were US$4,075,000 (2024: US$813,000), which were
             interest-free, repayable on demand and included in trade and other receivables as at 31 December
             2025.




140     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



35. RETIREMENT BENEFITS PLANS
      Majority of the employees of the Company’s subsidiaries are members of state-managed retirement
      benefit schemes operated by the government in the PRC. These subsidiaries in the PRC are required
      to contribute a specified percentage ranging from 5% to 20% of their payroll costs to the retirement
      benefit schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement
      benefit schemes is to make the specified contributions.

      Certain subsidiaries of the Company operate defined benefit plans in Taiwan and Korea. Under the
      schemes, the employees are entitled to retirement benefits on attainment of a retirement age ranging
      from 55 to 60. The most recent actuarial valuations of plan assets and the present values of the defined
      benefit obligations were carried out at 31 December 2025 by independent valuers, Greatfine Wealth
      Management Consulting Inc. and Aon Hewitt Korea, respectively. The present values of the defined
      benefit obligations, the related current service cost and past service cost were measured using the
      projected unit credit method.

      The principal actuarial assumptions used were as follows:


                                                                                    2025               2024


       Discount rate                                                              2.00%               1.00%
       Expected rate of salary increases                                          3.00%               3.00%


      The actuarial valuations showed that the market value of plan assets was US$6,509,000 (2024:
      US$6,394,000) and that the actuarial value of these assets represented 161% (2024: 176%) of the
      benefits that had accrued to members.

      The Group also operates a number of defined contribution schemes in other overseas locations.
      Arrangements for these staff retirement benefits vary from country to country and are made in
      accordance with local regulations and custom.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025         141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
      (a)    Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company
             Pursuant to the approval of the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) on 19 May
             2023, the Company adopted a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) for the
             Company to reward, motivate and retained eligible person, which would comply with the new
             requirements of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Details of the Share Option Scheme are set
             out in circular dated 14 April 2023. The Share Option Scheme was approved by the Company’s
             shareholders on 19 May 2023 and will expire on 18 May 2033. Since the adoption of the Share
             Option Scheme on 19 May 2023, no option has been granted under the Share Option Scheme.

             Under the Share Option Scheme, the board of directors of the Company or its duly authorised
             officer(s) or delegate(s) may grant options to eligible employees, including directors of the
             Company and its subsidiaries, to subscribe for shares in the Company. The option granted will
             be subject to vesting period (as determined by the board of directors of the Company or its
             duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s) at the time of granting the option) of up to six years or
             such other period which must not be more than ten years from the date of grant of the relevant
             option.

             The total number of shares which may initially be issued upon the exercise of all options to
             be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share scheme(s) (collectively, the
             “Schemes”) adopted by the Company must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number
             of issued shares of the Company as of the adoption date (i.e. 19 May 2023), i.e. must not exceed
             791,700,000 shares. Subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company in general
             meeting, the limit may be refreshed to 10% of the total number of shares in issue as at the date
             of approval of the refreshed limit. The maximum number of shares of the Company in respect of
             which options granted and to be granted to each eligible person under the Share Option Scheme
             of the Company in any 12-month period up to the date of the latest grant shall not exceed
             1% of the total number of issued shares of the Company from time to time unless separately
             approved by independent shareholders in general meeting, at which such proposed grantee and
             his/her close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) shall abstain from voting as required
             under the Listing Rules. The maximum number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of
             options granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) to a
             substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director, or their respective associates,
             in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant in aggregate over 0.1% of
             total number of issued shares of the Company from time to time, such further grant of options
             will be required to be approved by the independent shareholders of the Company in general
             meeting at which all core connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company,
             such connected person and their respective associates shall abstain from voting on the relevant
             resolution(s) at the general meeting as required under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.




142     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)    Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
             Under the Share Option Scheme, options granted must be taken up within 30 days after the
             date of offer upon payment of HK$1.00 per offer. The Share Option Scheme do not contain
             any minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised, though such
             minimum period may be specified by the board of directors of the Company or its duly authorised
             officer(s) or delegate(s) under the Option Schemes at the time of grant.

             The exercise price of the Share Option Scheme is determined by the board of directors of the
             Company, and shall be the highest of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on the date of
             grant; (ii) the average closing price of the shares for the five business days immediately preceding
             the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s share.

             Currently, no options have been granted under the Share Option Scheme. No share option was
             exercisable as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

             No expense in relation to the share options granted by the Company was recognised by the
             Group for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

      (b)    Other share-based payment plan
             Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 10 March 2023 and approval of the Company’ s
             shareholders on 19 May 2023, the Company adopted a share scheme (the “Share Scheme”) for
             the Company to reward, motivate and retained eligible person, which would comply with the new
             requirements of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The Share Scheme was subsequently amended
             by the Board on 7 March 2025 to allow the use of Treasury Shares in the Company to satisfy the
             awards granted under the Share Scheme from time to time.

             If any proposed grant of shares to any connected person in relation to the Company or any of its
             subsidiaries or any of his/its associates will result in the total number of the shares granted and
             to be granted to such connected person or his/its associate(s) during the 12-month period up to
             and including the date of such proposed grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the total
             issued shares of the Company as at the date of such proposed grant, then such proposed grant
             will be required to be approved by the independent shareholders of the Company in general
             meeting, at which all core connected persons of the Company, such connected person and their
             respective associates shall abstain from voting on the relevant resolution at the general meeting.

             Any proposed grant of shares to any proposed grantee that would result in the total number
             of shares granted during the 12-month period up to and including the date of such proposed
             grant exceeding 1% of the total number of issued shares of the Company as at the date of such
             proposed grant, shall be separately approved by the independent shareholders of the Company in
             general meeting, at which such proposed grantee and his/her close associates (as defined in the
             Listing Rules) shall abstain from voting.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025          143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)    Other share-based payment plan (Continued)
             Beneficiaries will not be permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of or deal with some or all their
             shares and the related income arising therefrom during a lock-up period of a minimum of one
             year (subject to a shorter period under any one or more of certain specified circumstances) and up
             to three years, which will vary from beneficiary to beneficiary as to be determined by the Board (or
             its duly authorised officer(s) or delegate(s)) and communicated to the trustee, commencing from
             the date of grant.

             An offer for grant of shares (in respect of which no consideration nor purchase price is payable)
             must be accepted by the date being a date not more than 30 days after the date of the offer.

             The shares to be granted to the proposed beneficiaries under the Share Scheme will be granted
             for free and will, including those to be granted to the directors and other senior management
             of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, form part of their remuneration (being a discretionary
             bonus in the form of a share grant or a discretionary cash bonus satisfied in the form of shares).

             The total number of shares issuable upon being granted pursuant to the Share Scheme and upon
             exercise of all options which may be granted pursuant to the Share Option Scheme (as disclosed
             above) as at the adoption date (i.e. 19 May 2023) was 791,700,000 shares, representing 10% of
             the total number of shares in issue as at the adoption date.

             The Share Option Scheme and the Share Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10
             years from 19 May 2023 until 18 May 2033, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with their
             respective terms.

             Pursuant to the approval of Board on 13 September 2023 and the subsequent finalisation by the
             Board’s delegate, the Company offered 1,366,993 ordinary shares to a beneficiary pursuant to
             the Share Scheme of which 1,366,993 ordinary shares were granted with lock-up periods up to
             12 September 2024 from the grant date, i.e. 13 September 2023. No consideration was payable
             on acceptance of offer of the shares, 1,366,993 ordinary shares were purchased by the trustee of
             the Share Scheme from the market in September 2023.

             Pursuant to the approval of Board on 13 September 2023 and the subsequent finalisation by the
             Board’s delegate, the Company offered 1,979,598 ordinary shares to a beneficiary pursuant to
             the Share Scheme of which 1,979,598 ordinary shares were granted with lock-up periods up to
             5 November 2024 from the grant date, i.e. 6 November 2023. No consideration was payable on
             acceptance of offer of the shares, 1,979,598 ordinary shares were purchased by the trustee of
             the Share Scheme from the market in November 2023.

             Pursuant to the approval of Board on 7 March 2024 and the subsequent finalisation by the
             Board’s delegate, the Company offered 4,405,978 ordinary shares to a total of two beneficiaries
             pursuant to the Share Scheme of which 4,405,978 ordinary shares were granted with lock-
             up periods up to 7 March 2025 from the grant date, i.e. 8 March 2024. No consideration was
             payable on acceptance of offer of the shares, 4,405,978 ordinary shares were purchased by the
             trustee of the Share Scheme from the market in March 2024.



144     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)    Other share-based payment plan (Continued)
             Pursuant to the approval of Board on 20 September 2024 and the subsequent finalisation by the
             Board’s delegate, the Company offered 2,592,601 ordinary shares to a total of two beneficiaries
             pursuant to the Share Scheme of which 2,592,601 ordinary shares were granted with lock-up
             periods, i.e. vesting period up to 19 September 2025 from the grant date, i.e. 20 September
             2024. No consideration was payable on acceptance of offer of the shares, 2,592,601 ordinary
             shares were purchased by the trustee of the Share Scheme from the market in September 2024.

             Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 15 May 2025 and the subsequent finalisation by the
             Board’s delegate, the Company offered 7,001,902 ordinary shares to a total of two beneficiaries
             pursuant to the Share Scheme of which 7,001,902 ordinary shares were granted with lock-up
             periods, i.e. vesting period with service condition up to 14 May 2026 from the grant date, i.e. 15
             May 2025. No consideration was payable on acceptance of offer of the shares. The 7,001,902
             ordinary shares would be satisfied by transfer of Treasury Shares of the Company.

             Due to the Share Consolidation that became effective on 20 May 2025, 9,594,503 outstanding
             ordinary shares granted of a par value of US$0.04 each before Share Consolidation were
             adjusted to become 959,449 ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.40 each. All other terms and
             conditions of the outstanding shares granted remain unchanged.

             Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 11 August 2025 and the subsequent finalisation by the
             Board’s delegate, the Company offered 700,190 ordinary shares to a total of two beneficiaries
             pursuant to the Share Scheme of which 700,190 ordinary shares were granted with lock-up
             periods, i.e. vesting period up to 11 August 2026 from the grant date, i.e. 11 August 2025. No
             consideration was payable on acceptance of offer of the shares. The 700,190 ordinary shares
             would be satisfied by transfer of Treasury Shares of the Company.

             Pursuant to the approval of the Board on 11 August 2025 and the subsequent finalisation by
             the Board’s delegate, the Company offered 26,538,000 ordinary shares to certain beneficiaries
             pursuant to the Share Scheme of which 26,538,000 ordinary shares were granted with lock-up
             periods with 3 years, i.e. vesting period with service condition up to 5 October 2028 from the
             grant date, i.e. 11 August 2025. No consideration was payable on acceptance of offer of the
             shares. The 26,538,000 ordinary shares would be satisfied by transfer of Treasury Shares of the
             Company.

             The fair value of the shares at the date of grant is measured by the quoted market price of
             the shares at the date of grant. Equity-settled share-based payments of US$14,183,000 was
             recognised during the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: US$526,000).




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025         145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



37. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
      The Company has the following principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 and 2024:


                                                                    Place of
                                                                    incorporation         Issued and
                                                Form of             or                       paid-up
                                                business            establishment/     share capital/      Attributable equity      Principal
       Name of subsidiary                       structure           operation      registered capital interest held by the Company activities
                                                                                                         Directly        Indirectly
                                                                                                      2025 2024 2025 2024

       Chiun Mai Communication Systems, Inc.    Limited company Taiwan                NT$750,000,000       –      – 87.06% 87.06% Design and manufacture
                                                                                                                                    of handsets

       FIH (Hong Kong) Limited                  Limited company HONG KONG/PRC         HK$155,146,001       –      –   100%     100% Trading of handsets

       FIH Co., Ltd.                            Limited company Taiwan                NT$218,000,000    100%   100%       –        – Provision of services to
                                                                                                                                       group companies

       FIH Mexico Industry SA de CV             Limited company Mexico              MXN2,007,283,685       –      –   100%     100% Manufacture of handsets

       富智康精密組件(北京)有限公司                          Wholly foreign    PRC                  US$68,800,000       –      –   100%     100% Manufacture of handsets
        (FIH Precision Component                 owned enterprise
        (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*)

       宏訊電子工業(杭州)有限公司                           Wholly foreign    PRC                 US$126,800,000       –      –   100%     100% Manufacture of handsets
        (Honxun Electrical Industry              owned enterprise
        (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.)

       深圳富泰宏精密工業有限公司                            Wholly foreign    PRC                 US$184,720,000       –      –   100%     100% Manufacture of handsets
        (Shenzhen Futaihong Precision            owned enterprise
        Industrial Co., Ltd.*)

       S&B Industry, Inc.                       Corporation         USA                US$31,817,356       –      –   100%     100% Repair services

       Success World Holdings Limited (note)    Limited company Hong Kong              HK$15,541,252    100%   100%       –        – Investment holding

       富智康(南京)通訊有限公司                             Wholly foreign    PRC                 US$17,500,000       –      –   100%     100% Research and
        (FIH (Nan Jing) Communications Co., Ltd.) owned enterprise                                                                  development;
                                                                                                                                      sales

       BFIH                                     Public company      India           INR23,809,449,800      –      –   100%     100% Manufacture of handsets

       Rising Stars Hi-Tech Private Limited     Limited company India                INR4,500,000,000      –      –   100%     100% Manufacture of electronic
                                                                                                                                     products

       富泰京精密電子(北京)有限公司                          Wholly foreign    PRC                  US$75,000,000       –      –   100%     100% Manufacture of handsets
        (Futaijing Precision Electronics         owned enterprise
        (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*)

       富智康精密電子(廊坊)有限公司                          Sino-foreign jointly PRC              US$475,500,000       –      –   100%     100% Manufacture of handsets
        (FIH Precision Electronics                owned enterprise
        (Lang Fang) Co., Ltd.)

       衡陽富泰宏精密工業有限公司                            Sino-foreign jointly PRC              RMB50,000,000        –      –   100%     100% Manufacturing, import
        (Hengyang Futaihong Precision             owned enterprise                                                                   and export
        Industrial Co., Ltd*)

       Fushan Technology (Vietnam)              Limited company Vietnam          VND3,979,545,000,000      –      –   100%     100% Manufacture of handset
         Limited Liability Company

      Note:      The share capital of Success World Holdings Limited reduced from HK$1,049,044,500 (equivalent to approximately US$135,001,000)
                 to HK$15,541,252 (equivalent to approximately US$2,000,000) during the year ended 31 December 2024. Upon capital reduction,
                 the investment in subsidiary of the Company is reduced by US$133,001,000 and US$118,506,000 is recognised as other reserve in
                 the statement of financial position of the Company.


      *          for identification purposes only


146       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



37. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      No debt security has been issued by any of the subsidiaries at any time during the year or is outstanding
      at the end of the year.

      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors, principally
      affected the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other insignificant subsidiaries which
      are mainly inactive or engaged in investment holding would, in the opinion of the directors, result in
      particulars of excessive length.

38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                 US$’000             US$’000


       ASSETS
       Investments in subsidiaries                                             1,542,283           1,800,975
       Other receivables and prepayment                                            1,398               7,176
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                   1,900               4,700


                                                                               1,545,581           1,812,851


       LIABILITIES
       Bank borrowings                                                            20,770             341,420
       Other payables                                                              6,068               7,826


                                                                                  26,838             349,246


       NET ASSETS                                                              1,518,743           1,463,605


       CAPITAL AND RESERVES
       Share capital                                                             315,380             315,380
       Share premium                                                           1,172,855           1,172,561
       Treasury shares                                                           (14,106)                  –
       Other reserves                                                             44,614             (24,336)


       TOTAL EQUITY                                                            1,518,743           1,463,605




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025         147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025



38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      Under the Companies Law (Revised) Chapter 25 of the Cayman Islands, the share premium of the
      Company is available for distribution or paying dividends to shareholders subject to the provisions of
      its memorandum or articles of association and provided that immediately following the distribution of
      dividends, the Company is able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. At the
      end of the reporting period, the Company’s reserve available for distribution amounted to approximately
      US$1,190,495,000 (2024: US$1,148,476,000), consisted of share premium of approximately
      US$1,172,855,000 (2024: US$1,172,561,000) and retained profits of approximately US$150,252,000
      (2024: US$94,421,000), less other reserve of approximately US$118,506,000 (2024: less other reserve
      of approximately US$118,506,000) and treasury shares of approximately US$14,106,000 (2024: nil).

      Movement in reserves

                                                                      Share
                                            Share     Treasury compensation     Retained      Other
                                         premium        shares      reserve       profits   reserve        Total
                                          US$’000      US$’000      US$’000      US$’000    US$’000      US$’000

       Balance at 1 January 2024         1,173,189        (714)        (221)     226,200           –    1,398,454
       Loss for the year                         –           –            –     (131,779)          –     (131,779)
       Repurchase of ordinary shares             –        (734)           –            –           –         (734)
       Cancellation of ordinary shares        (628)      1,448            –            –           –          820
       Payment made for
         equity-settled share-based
         payments                                –           –         (556)            –          –         (556)
       Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based payments
         (note 36)                               –           –          526             –          –         526
       Capital reduction of a
         subsidiary                              –           –             –            –   (118,506)    (118,506)

       Balance at 31 December 2024       1,172,561           –         (251)      94,421    (118,506)   1,148,225
       Profit for the year                       –           –            –       55,831           –       55,831
       Repurchase of ordinary shares             –     (14,876)           –            –           –      (14,876)
       Shares vested under equity-
         settled share-based
         payment plan                         294         770         (1,064)           –          –            –
       Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based payments
         (note 36)                               –           –       14,183             –          –      14,183

       Balance at 31 December 2025       1,172,855     (14,106)      12,868      150,252    (118,506)   1,203,363




148     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                         For the year ended 31 December
                                            2021            2022          2023          2024                 2025
                                     (US$’million)   (US$’million) (US$’million) (US$’million)       (US$’million)


Results

Revenue                                 8,582.56        9,394.32        6,445.80        5,702.95         6,657.66
Profit (loss) from operations               79.04          (30.11)         (39.30)          63.13          107.28
Interest expenses                           (8.88)         (29.58)         (60.60)         (57.63)         (24.78)
Profit (loss) before tax                    70.16          (59.69)         (99.90)           5.50           82.50
Income tax expense                         (13.74)         (12.45)         (20.87)         (25.69)         (28.36)
Profit (loss) after tax and before
  non-controlling interests                 56.42          (72.14)       (120.77)          (20.19)          54.14
Non-controlling interests                   (0.09)           0.03           0.09            (0.14)          (1.41)
Net profit (loss) for the year              56.33          (72.11)       (120.68)          (20.33)          52.73



                                            2021            2022            2023            2024             2025
                                     (US$’million)   (US$’million)   (US$’million)   (US$’million)   (US$’million)


Assets and liabilities

Total assets                            5,979.69        5,510.29        4,319.44        3,822.02         3,744.01
Total liabilities                      (3,812.42)      (3,722.52)      (2,758.06)      (2,358.36)       (2,222.06)
Non-controlling interests                  (7.31)          (6.12)          (2.89)          (2.85)           (4.39)
Capital and reserves                    2,159.96        1,781.65        1,558.49        1,460.81         1,517.56




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025        149
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


INTRODUCTION
The Company’s board of directors (the “Board”) is committed to maintaining high corporate governance
standards and recognises that good governance is vital for long-term success and sustainability of the Group’s
business.

The Company has adopted the corporate governance compliance manual (the “Compliance Manual”) since
15 April 2010, as amended and supplemented from time to time. The purpose of the Compliance Manual is
to set out the corporate governance practices from time to time adopted by the Company and the compliance
procedures that apply in specific areas, with the aim of providing an overview of the requirements of the
Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules (the “CG Code”) and the related
rules set out in the Listing Rules and the SFO respectively and also setting out certain guidelines for the
implementation of corporate governance measures of the Company.

As an overview, for the purposes of corporate governance enhancements and better compliance with
applicable requirements under the Listing Rules, during the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “year under
review”) and up to the date of this report, the corporate governance committee and the Board conducted
an annual review of the corresponding policies, systems and measures and confirmed that they remain
appropriate and effective and relevant to the needs of the Company. Throughout the year under review, the
Company has complied with all the code provisions as well as applied the principles in the CG Code.

In the ESG context, the following policies which are accessible on the Company’s website, details of which
have been set out in the Company’s 2025 environmental, social and governance report (the “2025 ESG
Report”) as issued and published simultaneously upon the issuance and publication of the Company’s 2025
annual report:

(a)   Global Code of Conduct, which serves (among other things) to make CSR (Corporate Social
      Responsibility) and sustainability a part of the Group’s core competencies and to demonstrate the
      Company’s core values of global operations.

(b)   Responsibility Standards, which serve (among other things) to provide an explicit interpretation of the
      requirements of the aforesaid Global Code of Conduct and are supplemental thereto.

(c)   Chapter on Employee Human Rights, which provides for (among other things) the beliefs and key
      requirements relating to employee human rights in support of the Company’s core commitment to
      uphold and promote respect for human rights.




150     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


VISION, MISSION AND VALUES AND CORPORATE CULTURE
Vision, Mission and Values
Our vision is to create comprehensive smart living experiences for customers around the world, enabling a
seamless and connected lifestyle. We are driven by our mission to empower possibilities through technology,
push the boundaries of innovation, and deliver exceptional values to our customers at every touchpoint.

In compliance with Paragraph A.1.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code, the Company has adopted and updated its
corporate vision, mission and core values to guide the Group and its operations, details of which are set out
below and are also available on the Company’s website.


       Area                                             Description

    Vision       Creating comprehensive smart living experiences for the Group’ s customers across the
                 globe.

    Mission      Empowering possibilities through technology, driving excellence with innovation, and
                 delivering exceptional values to customers.

                 The Group operates with six core values that define its approach and guide its actions:
                 1.    Integrity and Accountability – The Group upholds the principles of honesty and
                       fulfills every commitment, ensuring trust and reliability in its internal and external
                       relationships.
                 2.    Teamwork and Shared Success – The Group encourages employees to collaborate
                       and work together towards shared goals, celebrating successes collectively to foster a
                       sense of unity and achievement.
                 3.    Dedication – The Group remains dedicated to achieving the best, consistently
    Values             pushing boundaries to deliver outstanding results.
                 4.    Customer Oriented – The Group places customers at the heart of its business,
                       providing exceptional service while empowering employees with the tools and skills
                       needed to better meet customer needs.
                 5.    Innovation & Breakthrough – The Group embraces challenges, drives innovation,
                       and continuously seeks breakthroughs, fostering creativity to fuel ongoing business
                       growth.
                 6.    Efficiency and Agility – The Group acts swiftly and adapts effectively, seizing
                       opportunities and maintaining competitiveness in a rapidly changing environment.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025          151
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


VISION, MISSION AND VALUES AND CORPORATE CULTURE (Continued)
Alignment with Corporate Culture
The Group’s corporate culture is the driving force for achieving its corporate vision, mission and values which
underpin the Group ’ s long-term success and sustainable performance where the Group ’ s shareholders/
investors, customers, suppliers, employees and other key stakeholders could benefit in the shared values of its
business success.

To achieve the Group’s vision, mission and values, as well as its long-term success and sustainability as a
business and as an organisation to act lawfully, ethically and responsibly across all levels, the Group upholds
a corporate culture of integrity and management with dignity. The Group expects its directors, officers and
employees to demonstrate high standards of ethical attitudes and behaviours in the Group ’ s operations
and relations with its stakeholders. In particular, the Group adopts the above six core values as its business
philosophy, which are reinforced by the actions and attitudes of its employees to help create economic growth
under the vision of achieving corporate sustainable operation, fulfilling social citizenship responsibilities and
working together with global brand customers to create a comprehensive smart life and enhance human well-
being.

Role of the Board and Management

The Board and management of the Group lead and shape the Group’s corporate culture. As the leader of
the Company, all directors must understand the Group’s corporate culture. As a tone from the top, the
directors have acted lawfully, ethically and responsibly with integrity, led by example, and promoted the
Group’s corporate culture, with an aim to instilling and continually reinforcing such culture with the Group’s
values of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly, particularly through the Board’s behaviour and attitudes
to continuously influence such culture. The Group’s senior and middle management should support this by
setting an example and conveying the Board’s messages and desired culture to their team members.

Embedding Culture in Policies and Operations

The Group’s corporate culture has been reflected consistently, fostered and developed in various policies,
systems and measures implemented and maintained by the Group (including without limitation the Group’s
Global Code of Conduct, the Compliance Manual, the anti-bribery management system manual, the whistle-
blowing policies and the risk management and internal control systems which are subject to regular review
and promoted across the organisation, as well as reinforced by training and appropriate actions (including
disciplinary actions in the event of serious or repeated unethical acts or improper conduct)), in support and
furtherance of the Group’s commitment to high standards of ethical attitudes and behaviours in its business
conduct and to ensure good practices across the organisation. Please also refer to the section headed
“Accountability and Audit” below of this report for more details about the Group’s governance practices.

The Board designates the roles and responsibilities for operating and enforcing these policies, systems and
measures, which are functionally designated to, among others, the Board Committees, the Chief Executive
Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the RM Team, the ESG Committee as well as the corresponding heads/
leaders of other functional units namely human resources, supply chain/procurement services, legal and
compliance, company secretarial services, strategic investments, corporate communications, investor relations
and internal audit departments/divisions. During the year under review, the company secretary of the Company
obtained the respective confirmations from such heads/leaders that such policies, systems and measures have
remained, and would remain, consistent with the Company’s vision, mission and values as well as corporate
culture.

152     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


VISION, MISSION AND VALUES AND CORPORATE CULTURE (Continued)
Alignment with Corporate Culture (Continued)
Training, Monitoring and Assessment
To build and develop a better corporate culture, the Board focuses on, among other things, accountability,
transparency, effective communications, open and bilateral dialogues, proactive engagement, provision of
training and also areas for improvement; implement and maintain measures for assessing and monitoring
culture and its embedding in the organisation; and evaluate the effectiveness of such measures.

During the year under review, the Group organised a series of training initiatives, including without limitation:
(1) training to promote, implement and maintain the Company’s vision, mission and values as well as corporate
culture across the Group at different workforce levels (comprising senior management, middle management
and general staff) to ensure that their behaviours are aligned with the Company’s vision, mission and values as
well as corporate culture; and (2) refresher and update training to reinforce and develop a stronger culture of
compliance, risk management and internal control systems within the Group.

External Communication and Culture Monitoring
In order to promote, implement/enhance and maintain the Company’s vision, mission and values as well as
corporate culture on the external front vis-a-vis the Group’s customers, suppliers, shareholders/investors and
other key stakeholders dealing with the Group, the Company has published its vision, mission and values on
its website, and also covered this “Vision, Mission and Values and Corporate Culture” section in this report.

The Group assesses and monitors its corporate culture on the basis of different specific indicators, including
without limitation: (i) staff turnover rate; (ii) level of communications or engagements across the Board, senior
management, middle management and employees at all levels; and (iii) the level of transparency across the
Group. For details about (i), please refer to the Performance Data Table (Social Performance — Employee
turnover rate) of the 2025 ESG Report. For details about (ii) and (iii), please refer to the section headed
“Overview on Mechanisms for Independent Views and Inputs” on pages 158-166 of the Company’s 2024
annual report.

The Group believes that its success as a business and as an organisation is underpinned by its strong corporate
governance, solid vision, mission and values as well as positive and progressive corporate culture.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025          153
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


OVERVIEW ON MECHANISMS FOR INDEPENDENT VIEWS AND INPUTS
The Company refers to the mechanisms (the “Mechanisms”) which have been established and operated under
certain existing policies, systems and measures of the Group to ensure that independent views and inputs have
been and will be available to the Board.

Such Mechanisms comprise, among other things, established channels for communication of views and
concerns raised within the Board, between the Board and management, and between the management and
stakeholders as well as employees, through shareholders meeting, regular Board and committee interactions,
procedures for seeking independent professional advice, structured reporting and communication from
management to the Board, and established policies and procedures governing conflicts of interest and whistle-
blowing, which facilitate open dialogue and engagement with shareholders, investors and stakeholders at all
levels, with appropriate escalation of relevant matters to the Board as and when necessary.

For further details, please refer to the overview of the Mechanisms as set out in pages 158-166 of the
Company’s 2024 annual report.

On the basis of the views and recommendations from the corporate governance committee, on 7 March 2025
and 13 March 2026, the Board conducted annual reviews of the implementation and effectiveness of the
Mechanisms and confirmed that the Mechanisms remained appropriate, effective and relevant to the needs
of the Company, and reflected the then current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance
practices.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company has adopted the Compliance Manual which sets out the Company’s governance practices and
compliance procedures in accordance with the CG Code under the Listing Rules and the SFO.

During the year under review, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions of the CG Code.

The Board will continue to review and monitor the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure
compliance with regulatory requirements and to maintain high standards of corporate governance.




154     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


THE BOARD
The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of the Company and for overseeing the Group’s overall
business, strategic decisions and performance. It is collectively responsible for promoting the long-term success
of the Company, setting the Group’s strategy and risk appetite, and ensuring the effectiveness of internal
control and risk management systems.

Further details of the Board’s composition, roles and responsibilities are set out below.

Composition of the Board
As at the date of this report, the Board consists of two executive directors, two non-executive directors and
three independent non-executive directors. The Board considers that its composition during the year under
review provides an appropriate balance of skills, experience and independence.

The composition of the Board during the year under review and up to the date of this report is set out below:

Executive Directors

LIN Chia-Yi (also known as Charles LIN)
  (Chief Executive Officer)
KUO Wen-Yi
  (member of the corporate governance committee)
CHIH Yu Yang
  (former Chairman of the Board and the corporate governance committee respectively)
  (retired on 31 October 2025)

Non-executive Directors

HUANG Ying Shih (also known as Philip HUANG)
 (Chairman of the Board and the corporate governance committee respectively)
 (appointed on 31 October 2025)
CHANG Chuan-Wang

Independent Non-executive Directors

LAU Siu Ki
  (chairman of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee respectively)
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN)
  (member of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee respectively)
CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis)
  (member of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee respectively)




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025         155
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


THE BOARD (Continued)
Composition of the Board (Continued)
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

The roles of the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company are separately
performed, with the division of responsibilities between them clearly established and set out in writing to
enhance their respective independence, accountability and distinctiveness while complementing each other,
thereby maintaining a proper balance of power and authority between the Board and the management of the
Company.

The Chairman of the Board is responsible for providing leadership to the Board and for ensuring that directors
receive adequate information in a timely manner and are briefed on issues arising at the Board meetings. He
should take the primary responsibility for ensuring that good corporate governance practices and procedures
are established and appropriate steps are taken to provide effective shareholders’ communication with the
Board. In addition, the chairman should promote a culture of openness and debate by facilitating the effective
contribution of non-executive directors in particular and ensuring constructive relations between executive and
non-executive directors.

The chief executive officer of the Company is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group’s
business and operations and for implementing the strategies and policies approved by the Board. He leads the
management team in executing the Group’s business plans, oversees operational performance, and maintains
effective communication with the Board so that the Board is provided with timely and appropriate information.

During the year under review, Mr. CHIH Yu Yang retired as the Chairman of the Board and Mr. Huang was
appointed as the Chairman of the Board with effect from 31 October 2025. Mr. Huang (Chairman of the
Board) held a meeting with the independent non-executive directors without the presence of the other
executive and non-executive directors on 18 December 2025.

Non-executive Directors

The Company entered into a letter of appointment with each of the non-executive directors, namely Mr.
HUANG Ying Shih and Mr. CHANG Chuan-Wang, setting out the terms and conditions governing their
appointment and ancillary matters, as amended and supplemented from time to time.

All directors, including non-executive directors, appointed to fill a casual vacancy or as an additional member
to the existing Board shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting of the Company after his/her
appointment and shall be eligible for re-election.

Moreover, each non-executive director (including independent non-executive directors) is appointed for a term
of three years subject to the requirements of the Articles relating to rotation and re-election of directors at
annual general meeting(s) of the Company, including re-election at the first annual general meeting of the
Company following his/her appointment.

During the year under review, the non-executive directors (including independent non-executive directors)
provided the Company with a wide range of expertise and a balance of skills and brought independent
judgment on issues of strategic direction, business development, performance and risk management through
their contribution at Board meetings and committee meetings.



156     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


THE BOARD (Continued)
Composition of the Board (Continued)
Independent Non-executive Directors

The Company entered into a letter of appointment with each of the independent non-executive directors,
namely Mr. LAU Siu Ki, Ms. CHEN Shu Chuan and Mr. CHIU Yen-Tsen, setting out the terms and conditions
governing his/her appointment and ancillary matters, as amended and supplemented from time to time.

During the year under review and up to the date of this report, the Company has complied with the
requirements under Rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules. The Company has received the
confirmations of independence from each of the independent non-executive directors in accordance with Rule
3.13 of the Listing Rules.

Mr. LAU Siu Ki has served the Board for more than nine years. His professional background, extensive and
in-depth skills, knowledge, ability and experience (particularly his Hong Kong background, qualifications
and experience; and has over 40 years of Hong Kong professional skills, knowledge, ability and experience
in corporate governance, corporate finance, financial advisory and management, accounting, auditing
and risk management, coupled with wide-ranging knowledge and experience through acting as director/
company secretary of other Hong Kong listed companies belonging to different industry/business sectors; and
accumulated extensive and in-depth knowledge and experience in both the Company and the industry) bring
valuable insights, advices, expertise, better diversity of perspectives as well as independent judgments and
objective views to the Board. Mr. Lau possesses the required character, competence, integrity, experience and
diversity of perspectives would be important to the overall business culture that the Company would need
to maintain in the development and operation of its business. There is no evidence that length of tenure is
having an adverse impact on his independence. The Board therefore considers that Mr. LAU Siu Ki remains
independent, notwithstanding the length of his tenure.

The nomination committee of the Company has assessed the continued independence of all the independent
non-executive directors in respect of the year under review, and was satisfied that each of Mr. LAU Siu Ki,
Ms. CHEN Shu Chuan and Mr. CHIU Yen-Tsen had remained independent in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules. On the basis of the recommendation from the nomination committee and up to the date of this
report, the Board is not aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which would cause it to believe
that the continued independence of any of the independent non-executive directors has been impaired.
Accordingly, the Company confirms that it still considers each of the independent non-executive directors to
be independent as of the date of this report.

The Company ’ s independent non-executive directors comprise individuals of a diverse range of cultural,
educational and technical backgrounds, coming from Hong Kong and Taiwan and holding academic
qualifications from these jurisdictions, and also, starting from 19 May 2023 on which Ms. Chen was appointed
as the Company’s independent non-executive director, comprise individuals of both genders. They are also
equipped with a diverse range of skills, knowledge, experience and reputation in different industries and
professional fields ranging from corporate governance, corporate finance, financial advisory and management,
accounting and auditing, banking advisory, project finance, sustainability strategies and management,
professional developments and risk management. In addition, their ages diversely range from 55 to 67.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         157
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


THE BOARD (Continued)
Division of Responsibilities and Delegation
According to the Compliance Manual, the respective responsibilities, accountabilities and contributions of the
Board and the Company’s management have been divided through the adoption of a detailed list of matters
reserved specifically for the decision of the Board. Such matters reserved for the Board include, among other
things, the Group’s strategy, objectives, business plans, budgets and overall management, changes in capital
structure or corporate structure, approval of dividend policy and declaration of dividends, major investments,
and approval of internal policies, codes and guidelines. Upon the Board’s annual review on 13 March 2026,
the aforesaid list of matters reserved for the Board has remained effective and appropriate to the Company’s
needs.

The Board has delegated its powers to the Company’s directors and management for the daily management
and operations of the Group. In addition, the Board has delegated its powers to the Board committees, which
comprising the audit committee, the remuneration committee, the nomination committee and the corporate
governance committee, each of which discharges its functions and duties in accordance with the respective
terms of reference with reference to the relevant provisions under the CG Code.

Changes in Board Composition During the Year
In accordance with the Articles, any director, appointed either to fill a casual vacancy on or as an addition to
then existing Board, shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting after his appointment and shall
then be eligible for re-election at such annual general meeting. During the year under review, Mr. CHIH Yu
Yang retired as an executive director, the Chairman of the Board and chairman of the corporate governance
committee of the Company due to his desire to dedicate more time to his family; and Mr. HUANG Ying Shih
was appointed as a non-executive director, the Chairman of the Board and the chairman of the corporate
governance committee of the Company, both with effect from 31 October 2025.

Mr. Huang had obtained the legal advice on 20 October 2025 from a firm of solicitors qualified to advise
on Hong Kong law referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules and had confirmed that he understood his
obligations as a director of the Company, the requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to him
as a director and the possible consequences of making a false declaration or giving false information to the
Stock Exchange. Mr. Huang, being eligible, will offer himself for re-election at the Company’s forthcoming
annual general meeting to be held on 22 May 2026 (the “2026 AGM”). For details, please refer to the
Company’s announcement dated 31 October 2025.

Retirement and Re-election of Directors
In accordance with article 112 of the Articles, one-third of the directors for the time being (or, if their number
is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not exceeding, one-third) shall retire from
office by rotation at each annual general meeting of the Company, provided that every director shall be subject
to retirement by rotation at an annual general meeting at least once every three years. The directors to retire
in the relevant year will be those who have been longest in office since their last re-election. Accordingly, Mr.
LIN Chia-Yi and Ms. CHEN Shu Chuan will retire from office by rotation at the 2026 AGM, and, being eligible,
they offer themselves for re-election at the 2026 AGM.




158     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


THE BOARD (Continued)
Board Independence
The Board members do not have any financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships with
each other. The balanced Board composition (comprising three independent non-executive directors out of a
total of seven Board members) also ensures that strong independence exists across the Board. The biographical
details of the directors as at the date of this report are set out in the section headed “Profile of Directors and
Senior Management” in the report of the directors, which forms part of the Company’s 2025 annual report,
and such details demonstrate a diversity of skills, expertise, experience, qualifications and other perspectives
appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

Board Process
The Board meets regularly and Board meetings are held at least four times a year to discuss principally the
overall strategies as well as the operational and financial performance of the Group, and (in relation to the
first and third regular Board meetings) to review and approve the Company’s final results and interim results,
respectively. At least fourteen days’ notice (in relation to each regular Board meeting) or a reasonable notice (in
relation to any other ad-hoc Board meeting) is given to all directors and they can include matters for discussion
in the agenda. An agenda and accompanying Board papers are sent to all directors at least three days before the
intended date of a Board meeting. Every Board member is entitled to have access to Board papers and related
materials and access to the advice and services of the company secretary. They can also seek independent
professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense. If a substantial shareholder or a
director has a conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board which the Board has determined
to be material, the matter should be dealt with by a physical Board meeting (for details about the policies and
procedures governing directors’ potential/actual conflicts of interests, please refer to page 172 of the Company’s
2020 annual report as issued and published on 20 April 2021). The minutes books are kept by the company
secretary. Draft and final versions of minutes of the Board meetings were sent to all directors for their comments
and records respectively within a reasonable time after the meetings. During the year under review, four Board
meetings were held. The meeting attendance of each Board member is set out in the section headed “Board,
Committees and General Meeting” below of this report. In addition to the Board meetings, the Board also dealt
with matters by way of circulation and signing of written resolutions during the year under review.

Board Skills
Overview

The Board maintains a Board skills matrix (the “Board Skill Matrix”) to assess the collective experience,
skills, qualifications and expertise of the directors and to align these with the Company’s long-term strategy,
purpose, values and desired culture.

The Board Skills Matrix assists the Nomination Committee in assessing whether the Board possesses an
appropriate balance of expertise and perspectives to support the Group’s business and strategic development.
It also helps identify potential skills gaps and informs board refreshment, directors’ training and succession
planning.

The Board recognises that an effective board requires a combination of professional expertise, industry
knowledge, leadership experience and diverse perspectives. Accordingly, the Board reviews the Board Skills
Matrix at least once annually to ensure that the Board’s collective capabilities remain aligned with the Group’s
strategy, risk profile and operating environment.


                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025          159
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


THE BOARD (Continued)
Board Skills (Continued)
Board Skills Matrix
The matrix below summarises the current mix of skills of the Board, which provides an overview of the
collective capabilities of the Board. It demonstrates the breadth and diversity of experience and backgrounds
relevant to the Group that directors bring to the Board and its committees.


                                                                                           Current Assessment
                                                                   Importance                                         Future
      Skills Area               Description                                                 Board      of
                                                                  to the Group                                     Considerations
                                                                                          Coverage Adequacy
                    Experience in industries relevant to    Essential. Industry insight                         The Board will continue
                    the Group’s operations, including       enables the Board                                   to review the adequacy
                    electronics manufacturing,              to evaluate strategic                               of industry expertise
                    technology-related sectors,             opportunities, customer         4/7     Adequate    in light of the Group’s
    Industry
                    telecommunications and technology       and market developments                             evolving technology
   Knowledge
                    supply chains.                          and operational                                     and manufacturing
      and
                                                            challenges, and supports                            businesses.
   Experience
                                                            the Group’s mission of
                                                            empowering possibilities
                                                            through technology and
                                                            innovation.


                    Experience, knowledge and/or            Essential. As the Group                             The Board will continue
                    leadership exposure in engineering,     operates in technology-                             to consider candidates
                    information and communication           driven industries,                                  with engineering,
                    technology, research and                engineering, technology         5/7     Adequate    technology or digital
  Engineering,      development, product development,       and digital transformation                          transformation
 Technology and     manufacturing technology,               capability supports                                 expertise and relevant
     Digital        automation, digital transformation,     the Board in guiding                                leadership, experience
 Transformation     enterprise systems and process          technology development,                             and knowledge to
      and           integration, and technology-            manufacturing execution                             further strengthen
    Relevant        enabled business models or digital      and innovation                                      the Board’s overall
   Experience       platforms relevant to the Group’s       initiatives, consistent                             technology and
 and Knowledge      business operations. Such experience    with the Group’s                                    transformation
                    may be gained through technical,        values of innovation                                capability.
                    operational, strategic or board-level   & breakthrough and
                    roles in technology enterprises or      efficiency and agility.
                    technology-driven industries.


                Experience in corporate governance          Essential. The Board                                The Board will
                and risk management, including              is responsible for                                  continue to strengthen
                governance leadership, regulatory           maintaining sound                                   governance capability
    Corporate   awareness, risk management and              governance practices and        7/7      Strong     through directors’
   Governance   internal control practices. Such            ensuring that the Group                             training and periodic
       and      experience may be gained through            operates with integrity,                            updates on regulatory
Risk Management service as directors and/or senior          accountability and strong                           and governance
                executives in listed companies,             internal control standards.                         developments.
                multinational corporations,
                industries or large organisations.


160        FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


THE BOARD (Continued)
Board Skills (Continued)
Board Skills Matrix (Continued)


                                                                                           Current Assessment
                                                                    Importance                                        Future
       Skills Area                  Description                                             Board      of
                                                                   to the Group                                    Considerations
                                                                                          Coverage Adequacy
                       Experience in financial, accounting    Essential. Financial,                             The Board will continue
                       and business management,               accounting and business                           to maintain strong
      Financial,       including financial stewardship,       management capability                             financial, accounting
     Accounting        accounting and financial reporting     supports the Board in         7/7      Strong     and business
         and           literacy, corporate finance,           evaluating financial                              management capability
      Business         banking, budgeting, performance        performance, capital                              through directors’
     Management        management, financial governance,      allocation, financial                             training and updates on
                       and investment-related experience.     reporting matters and                             financial and regulatory
                                                              financial risks.                                  developments.

                       Experience in serving as directors     Important. Such                                   The Board will continue
                       or senior executives of listed         experience supports                               to consider listed and/
    Listed Company     and/or public companies, large         sound governance and                              or public company
          and          organisations.                         effective decision-making     7/7      Strong     and large enterprise
    Large Enterprise                                          in a complex corporate                            leadership experience
       Experience                                             and public-company                                in supporting the
                                                              environment.                                      Board’s ongoing
                                                                                                                development.

                       Experience in sustainability           Increasingly important                            The Board will continue
                       governance, environmental, social      for long-term corporate                           to strengthen ESG
                       and governance (ESG) practices,        strategy, regulatory                              capability through
                       sustainable finance, responsible       expectations and              5/7     Adequate    directors’ training
                       investment and management of           stakeholder engagement.                           and updates on
                       ESG-related risks and opportunities.                                                     sustainability reporting
     Sustainability
                                                                                                                developments
          and
                                                                                                                and ESG-related
          ESG
                                                                                                                opportunities and
                                                                                                                challenges, taking into
                                                                                                                account the Group’s
                                                                                                                long-term strategy
                                                                                                                and stakeholder
                                                                                                                expectations.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025                161
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


THE BOARD (Continued)
Board Skills (Continued)
Board Skills Matrix (Continued)
The charts below provide an overview of the Board’s skills coverage, professional background, and composition
and diversity, reflecting the overall balance of the Board.


           Board Skills Coverage
           Number of directors with relevant experience
                Industry Knowledge and Experience                                           NO. OF DIRECTORS
                                                                                                  4/7   57%

                Engineering, Technology and Digital Transformation and Relevant
                Experience and knowledge
                                                                                                   5/7        71%

                Corporate Governance and Risk Management
                                                                                                    7/7     100%

                Financial, Accounting and Business Management
                                                                                                    7/7     100%

                Listed Company and Large Enterprise Experience
                                                                                                    7/7     100%

                Sustainability and ESG
                                                                                                   5/7        71%

                    Directors with Identified Experience             Not Identified           Board size: 7 Directors




           Professional Background
           Directors’ key areas of professional expertise and experience




                 Technology                    Accounting            Corporate Governance    Industry & Business
                & Engineering                   & Finance                   & ESG               Management



           Board Composition and Diversity
           As at the date of this Annual Report
                 Gender                                    Board Composition                  Age Group




                 Male               6                  Executive Directors            2         50-59                   4
                 Female             1                  Non-Executive Directors        2         60-69                   3
                                                       Independent Non-
                                                       Executive Directors            3


162     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


THE BOARD (Continued)
Board Skills (Continued)
Alignment with the Group’s Strategy and Culture
The Board considers that the current mix of skills, experience and diversity supports the Group’s long-term
strategy and governance framework, enabling constructive discussion and balanced decision-making at the
Board level.

In particular, the Board’ s industry knowledge and its engineering, technology and digital transformation
capabilities, including relevant leadership, experience and knowledge, support the Board’s role in guiding
the Group’s mission of empowering possibilities through technology and innovation and its vision of creating
comprehensive smart living experiences for customers.

The Board’s governance and financial management capabilities further support the Board in maintaining
integrity and accountability and in promoting strong compliance, risk management and internal control
practices throughout the Group.

Ongoing Review of Board Skills

The Board as well as Nomination Committee review the Board Skills Matrix at least once annually and considers
the results as part of board refreshment and succession planning.

The review process takes into account the Group’s business development, strategic direction and evolving
operating and regulatory environment, and identifies any skills gaps and the Board’s plans to address such
gaps, where appropriate.

The Board may enhance its collective capabilities through directors’ training, professional development or the
appointment of directors with complementary expertise when appropriate.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025         163
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


DIRECTORS’ CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
According to Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules, prior to appointment, every intending director of the Company
is provided with a briefing and training provided by the Company ’ s professional legal advisers which
are qualified to advise on Hong Kong law to ensure that he/she is fully aware of and understands the
requirements (including without limitation the duties, roles, responsibilities and obligations as a director of a
Hong Kong-listed company) under the Listing Rules and other applicable legal and regulatory requirements
that are applicable to him/her as a director of the Company and the possible consequences of making a false
declaration or giving false information to the Stock Exchange. Such briefing and training are provided at the
Company’s expense. The intending director also receives a comprehensive, formal and tailored induction on
the first occasion of his/her appointment, so as to ensure that he/she has an appropriate understanding of
the Group’s operations and businesses, including without limitation applicable legal, regulatory and related
compliance requirements; corporate structure; Board and Board committee meeting procedures; shareholders
communications; RM and internal control systems and related processes; corporate governance practices; and
securities dealing.

Induction for Newly Appointed Director
Mr. HUANG Ying Shih, who was appointed as a director of the Company on 31 October 2025, had obtained
the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules from a firm of solicitors qualified to advise on
Hong Kong law on 20 October 2025 and had confirmed that he understood his obligations as a director of the
Company.

Continuing Professional Development in 2025
The Company from time to time provides briefings, training sessions and materials to the directors to develop
and refresh their knowledge and skills, including updates on the latest developments regarding the Listing
Rules and other applicable legal and regulatory requirements to enhance their awareness and understanding of
the same.

During the year under review, all directors had participated in appropriate continuous professional
development activities to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills including attending internal/external
training course, online webinars, reading articles and watching videos, etc., covering topics on (i) board and
directors’ duties; (ii) Listing Rules and Hong Kong law compliance; (iii) corporate governance and ESG matters;
(iv) risk management and internal controls; and (v) industry and business updates. In particular, all directors
had attended the following training sessions as organized by the Company during the year under review: (a)
a directors’ training on ESG key improvements and next steps as provided by the Company’s Hong Kong ESG
consultant; and (b) a directors’ training on Pillar II Tax as provided by the Company’s external consultant.

The company secretary of the Company is responsible for keeping the records of training taken by the
directors. According to the records kept by the Company, the directors attended the following continuous
professional development activities during the year under review.




164     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


DIRECTORS’ CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT (Continued)
Training Areas
The continuous professional development received by the directors during the year under review, in compliance
with Rules 3.09F and 3.09G of the Listing Rules, is summarised below.


          Areas                                Topics Covered                              Mode of Training

                        • Directors’ duties, responsibilities and continuing obligations   Seminars and
         Board          • Board effectiveness and board/shareholder meeting                training videos
          and             practices
    Directors’ Duties   • Practical guidance for directors, including first-time
                          directors and independent non-executive directors

                        • Updates on the Listing Rules and annual report disclosure        Seminars, training
                          requirements                                                     videos and
      Listing Rules
                        • Continuing obligations, notifiable transactions and              reading materials
           and
                          connected transactions
        Relevant
                        • Directors ’ securities dealings, inside information and
    Laws Compliance
                          compliance under the Securities and Futures Ordinance and
                          other applicable laws and regulations

                        • Corporate governance code, board governance and                  Seminars, training
       Corporate
                          diversity                                                        videos and
      Governance
                        • ESG, sustainability reporting and climate-related disclosure     reading materials
          and
                          developments
          ESG
                        • ESG oversight and governance trends

          Risk          • Risk management and internal control systems                     Seminars and
      Management        • Tax, cybersecurity and financial risk updates                    webinars, training
          and           • Anti-corruption, ethics and compliance controls                  videos, reading
    Internal Controls                                                                      materials

                        • Industry, business and market developments                       Seminars and
        Industry
                        • Technology, AI and digital empowerment and innovative            training videos
          and
                          transformation and latest trends
        Business
                        • Data compliance and other relevant regulatory and business
        Updates
                          updates




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025          165
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


DIRECTORS’ CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT (Continued)
Directors’ Training Records
The table below summarises the continuous professional development training ( “ Directors ’ Training ” )
undertaken by the directors during the year under review, including areas and modes of training received,
approximate number of training hours completed and the relevant training providers.

                                               Areas of the Directors’ Training                   Estimated
                              Board      Listing Rules    Corporate         Risk       Industry    Training              Training provider(s)
                               and       and Relevant    Governance     Management       and        hours                  (for provision of
                            Directors’        Laws           and        and Internal   Business   completed             the Directors’ Training
 Directors                   Duties       Compliance         ESG          Controls     Updates     in 2025                 during the year)
 Executive Directors:
                                                             2.5                                              HKEX / Hon Hai / Ernst & Young (“EY”) /
 LIN Chia-Yi                   0.5            2                               5           6         16.5
                                                             0.5                                              PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”)

                                                             2.5                          4
 KUO Wen-Yi                    0.5            2                               5                     16.5      EY / HKEX / Hon Hai / PwC
                                                             0.5                          2

                                                             2.5
 CHIH Yu Yang                  0.5            2                              5.5          2          13       EY / HKEX / Hon Hai / PwC
                                                             0.5
 Non-executive Directors:
                                                                                                              Dentons Hong Kong LLP /
 HUANG Ying Shih                2             1               2              1.5         1.5          8       The Hong Kong Chartered Governance
                                                                                                              Institute (“HKCGI”)
                               0.5            2              2.5                                              EY / HKCGI / HKEX / PwC /
 CHANG Chuan-Wang                                                            1.5         1.5        17.5      Taiwan Corporate Governance
                               7.5            1               1                                               Association (“TCGA”)

 Independent non-executive Directors:
                                                                                                              ACCA / EY / HKEX / Hon Hai / PwC /
                                                                                                              BDO Limited / Vistra /
                               0.5                           2.5              4                               Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (“Deloitte”) /
 LAU Siu Ki                                   2                                          7.5        30.5      KPMG International Limited /
                                9                             2               3                               The Independent Commission Against
                                                                                                              Corruption
                                                                                                              EY / HKCGI / HKEX / PwC / TCGA /
                               0.5            2              2.5                                              FSC–Financial Examination Bureau /
 CHEN Shu Chuan                                                              7.5         4.5         45       Securities & Futures Institute /
                               3.5           1.5             23                                               Taiwan Institute of Directors /
                                                                                                              Taiwan Listed Companies Association
                                                                                                              ACCUPASS / Deloitte / EY / HKCGI /
                                                             2.5             2.5         7.5                  HKEX / Hon Hai / PwC /
 CHIU Yen-Tsen                 0.5            2                                                      40
                                                             17               5           3                   Independent Director Association Taiwan /
                                                                                                              Taiwan Stock Exchange
Notes:
1.       CHIH Yu Yang retired as an executive director, the Chairman of the Board and the chairman of the corporate governance committee of the
         Company on 31 October 2025.
2.       HUANG Ying Shih was appointed as a non-executive director, the Chairman of the Board and the chairman of the corporate governance
         committee of the Company on 31 October 2025.
3.       Different colours used in the table above represent different modes of training received by the directors during the year:
             Represent other training, including participation in industry events as a speaker or panellist.
             Represent self-study by reading guidance materials, newsletters, consultation papers, regulators’ reports, articles and press releases.
             Represent external training by attending seminars, webinars and training videos provided by regulators, professional bodies, legal
             advisers, consultants and other external professional providers.
4.       The figures shown in the circles represent the approximate number of hours of training received by the directors during the year.

166            FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted the following dividend policy to enhance transparency and support shareholders
and potential investors in making informed decisions. The policy does not stipulate a fixed dividend distribution
ratio. The form, frequency, and amount of dividends declared each year — as well as the payout ratio — will
depend on various factors, including the Group’s financial performance, cash flow position, future expansion
and growth plans, capital expenditures, capital structure, U.S. tariff risk, prevailing economic and market
conditions, business outlook and strategy, and other considerations as determined by the Board from time
to time. While performance has begun to improve since the second half of last year, the Group remains
committed to maintaining a healthy cash position, reducing external borrowings and upholding a robust capital
structure, while closely monitoring the evolving environment. The dividend will be approved at the annual
general meeting after thorough discussion of the Board and compliance with relevant requirements of the
dividend policy. Compliant with the conditions under the dividend policy, the Board will consider distribution
of dividends as shareholder returns alongside long-term sustainability of the Group. The dividend approach will
be reviewed according to overall performance and strategic priorities.

Proposed Declaration and Payment of Final Dividend
Final Dividend
The Board has resolved to recommend the declaration and payment of a Final Dividend of US3.47 cents per
Share (which in aggregate amounts to approximately US$27,067,000) for the year ended 31 December 2025,
subject to the approval of the shareholders at the 2026 AGM. The proposed aggregate amount of the Final
Dividend is calculated on the basis of 780,268,186 Shares in issue (excluding Treasury Shares) as at the date of
the announcement of the Company published on 13 March 2026.

Subject to the approval of shareholders at the 2026 AGM, the Final Dividend (to be rounded to two decimal
places, if necessary) is expected to be paid in cash on Wednesday, 15 July 2026, and the Final Dividend
warrants will be despatched to the qualifying shareholders on the same date.

The Final Dividend will be payable in United States dollars save that those shareholders with a registered
address in Hong Kong will receive an equivalent amount in Hong Kong dollars (to be rounded to two decimal
places, if necessary) which will be calculated at the rate of exchange as quoted to the Company by its relevant
banker at its middle rate of exchange prevailing on the record date for the entitlement to the proposed Final
Dividend.

Condition to Declaration and Payment of Final Dividend
The declaration and payment of the Final Dividend are conditional upon the passing of the corresponding
ordinary resolution at the 2026 AGM.

If the condition set out above is not satisfied, the proposed Final Dividend will not be declared and paid,
and the cash representing the proposed Final Dividend will be used for the Group’s general working capital
purposes.

Reasons for Proposed Declaration and Payment of Final Dividend
The Board would like to declare and pay the Final Dividend to shareholders to express the Board’s gratitude
and appreciation of the continuing support from shareholders throughout the year ended 31 December 2025.

Reflecting the effectiveness of our strategic initiatives and disciplined execution, the Group achieved a
significant turnaround in its financial performance for the year ended 31 December 2025. This return to
profitability has allowed the Board to recommend a final dividend. The decision is supported by the Group’s
sound cash flow generation and a strengthened balance sheet. After accounting for the 2026 capital
expenditure requirements and the planned repayment of certain borrowings to reduce interest expenses, the
Board considered that the Group possesses sufficient liquidity to reward shareholders while maintaining a solid
foundation for future growth in emerging business segments.



                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025          167
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Vanessa WONG Kin Yan has been the company secretary of the Company since June 2017. She has
over 29 years of extensive working experience in company secretarial and corporate governance matters.
She is a Fellow member (being the highest membership status) of both The Chartered Governance Institute
(formerly known as The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) and The Hong Kong Chartered
Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries). Ms. Wong is a
full-time employee of the Company and has been supporting the Board for ensuring that Board procedures are
followed and Board activities are efficiently and effectively conducted. These objectives are achieved through
adherence to proper Board processes and timely preparation and dissemination to directors of comprehensive
Board meeting agendas and papers. During the year under review, Ms. Wong undertook more than 15 hours
of relevant professional training to update her skills and knowledge.


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established and maintained an audit committee with written terms of reference by reference
to the code provisions of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the audit committee are accessible on the
websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company respectively.

The audit committee now consists of three independent non-executive directors. The members are:

LAU Siu Ki
  (chairman of the audit committee)
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN)
  (member of the audit committee)
CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis)
  (member of the audit committee)

The principal duties of the audit committee are to review the Group’s financial reporting and accounting
policies and practices as well as financial controls, RM and internal control systems and provide advice and
comments to the Board. It also makes recommendations on the appointment, re-appointment and removal
of external auditor, and approves the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor. It also
reviews and monitors the external auditor’s independence and objectivity as well as the effectiveness of the
audit process. Please see the section headed “Accountability and Audit” below of this report for more details.

In particular, the Company has complied with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules, which requires that at least one of
the members of the audit committee (which must comprise a minimum of three members with non-executive
directors only and must be chaired by an independent non-executive director) is an independent non-executive
director who possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management
expertise.




168     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


AUDIT COMMITTEE (Continued)
The audit committee shall meet at least twice a year. Also, at least once a year the audit committee shall
meet with the external auditor without any members of management of the Company present. During the
year under review, the audit committee held a total of eight meetings with the external auditor (including
two audit committee meetings approving the annual and interim results, two audit planning meetings, two
internal audit meetings and two private meetings with external auditor without the presence of any members
of management of the Company). The meeting attendance of each member of the audit committee is set
out in the section headed “Board, Committees and General Meeting” below of this report. In addition to the
committee meetings, the audit committee also dealt with matters by way of circulation and signing of written
resolutions during the year under review.

Work Performed During the Year
A summary of the work performed by the audit committee during the year under review is set out as follows:

(i)     formulated and discussed audit planning of the 2024 annual results of the Group and audit review
        planning of the 2025 interim results of the Group;
(ii)    reviewed 2024 audited financial statements and report, auditor ’ s findings and draft final results
        Announcement;
(iii)   reviewed 2025 interim results and report, and auditor’s findings, draft interim results announcements;
(iv)    reviewed the continuing connected transactions of the Company, the Company ’ s anti-bribery
        management system and the 2025 internal audit reports;
(v)     reviewed various accounting issues and new accounting standards and their financial impacts, and
        assessed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group for 2025;
        and
(vi)    reviewed and approved the external auditor’s engagement for the 2024 annual audit and 2025 interim
        review, and reviewed non-audit services of the Group and confirmed that the independence of the
        external auditor had not been impaired by its provision of non-audit services.

Also, please refer to the section headed “Accountability and Audit” below of this report for a summary of the
relevant work of the audit committee during the year under review and up to the date of this report.

Full minutes of the meetings of the audit committee are kept by the company secretary. Draft and final
versions of minutes of the meetings of the audit committee were sent to all members of the committee for
their comments and records respectively within a reasonable time after the meetings.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025         169
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established and maintained a remuneration committee with written terms of reference by
reference to the code provisions of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the remuneration committee are
accessible on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company respectively.

The remuneration committee now consists of three independent non-executive directors. The members are:

LAU Siu Ki
  (chairman of the remuneration committee)
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN)
  (member of the remuneration committee)
CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis)
  (member of the remuneration committee)

The principal duties of the remuneration committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the policy
and structure for the remuneration of the directors and senior management, to consider and review the
remuneration of the directors and senior management by reference to corporate goals and objectives, and to
make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of the directors and senior management
pursuant to code provision E.1.2 (c)(ii) of Part 2 of the CG code as adopted by the Company.

The remuneration committee shall meet at least once a year (as necessary). During the year under review,
four remuneration committee meetings were held and the meeting attendance of each member of the
remuneration committee is set out in the section headed “Board, Committees and General Meeting” below of
this report.

Work Performed During the Year
A summary of the work performed by the remuneration committee during the year under review is set out as
follows:

(i)     reviewed the proposed amendment to the Share Scheme;
(ii)    reviewed the proposed share grants under the Share Scheme and considered how such grants align with
        the purpose of the Share Scheme;
(iii)   reviewed the implementation of directors’ remuneration policy;
(iv)    reviewed the 2025 performance-based discretionary bonus and annual remuneration packages of
        directors and senior management;
(v)     reviewed basic salary adjustment and related supplemental appointment letter of the chief executive
        officer; and
(vi)    reviewed the remuneration package and related appointment letter of the new appointed non-executive
        director.

Full minutes of the meetings of the remuneration committee are kept by the company secretary. Draft and
final versions of minutes of the meetings of the remuneration committee were sent to all members of the
committee for their comments and records respectively within a reasonable time after the meetings.

Details of the remuneration paid/payable to the directors of the Company during the year under review are set
out in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements and “Report of the Directors” above, respectively, both
forming part of the Company’s 2025 annual report incorporating this report.




170      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (Continued)
Directors’ Remuneration Policy
On 23 December 2022, the Company adopted the Directors’ Remuneration Policy (this “ Remuneration
Policy”), forming part of the Compliance Manual which sets out consistently-applied remuneration structures
to remunerate the Company’s directors, comprising executive directors and non-executive directors including
independent non-executive directors, equitably and competitively at an appropriate (but not excessive) level,
thereby enabling the Company to attract and retain high-caliber executive talents of diversified perspectives
for their commitment to the Company as a sustainable Board and also to motivate the directors to implement
and materialise the Company’s business strategies, financial goals and corporate developments which could
ultimately create long-term values for the Company’s shareholders and other key stakeholders, in a manner
consistent with the Company’s core business and leadership values.

Please refer for details of the procedures for devising and implementing this Remuneration Policy including
the underlying procedures and measures, remuneration principles, remuneration benchmarking, overviews on
remuneration components and derogation of the Remuneration Policy, please refer to pages 175 to 180 of the
Company’s 2024 annual report.

On the basis of the views and recommendations from the remuneration committee, the Board will annually
review this Remuneration Policy to ensure its implementation and effectiveness. At the meeting held on 13
March 2026, on the basis of the recommendations from the remuneration committee, the Board considered
that the Remuneration Policy has been implemented and remained effective and that this Policy has remained
relevant to the Company’s needs and reflected both the then current regulatory requirements and good
corporate governance practice.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025          171
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (Continued)
2025 Share Grants
During the year under review, the Company granted a total of 7,001,902 award Old Shares on 15 May
2025 (which had been consolidated to become 700,190 award Shares as a result of the Share Consolidation
becoming effective on 20 May 2025) and a total of 27,238,190 award Shares on 11 August 2025 under the
Share Scheme of the Company.

In relation to the aforesaid share grants under the Share Scheme, the remuneration committee had considered
the report from the Company’s human resources department on the achievements and contributions made by
the proposed grantees and took into account that the aforesaid share grants aim to align the interests of the
grantees with those of the Group through ownership of shares and incentivize the grantees to remain with the
Group, and to motivate and encourage them to make contributions to the long-term growth and success of
the Group.

The vesting period, performance targets and clawback mechanisms of the aforesaid share grants during the
year under review are set out below.


In respect of the 700,190 award Shares granted on 15 May 2025:

      Date of grant     15 May 2025
                        Mr. CHIH Yu Yang
        Grantees
                        Mr. LIN Chia-Yi
                        7,001,902 award Old Shares (which had been consolidated to become 700,190
 Number of Award
                        award Shares as a result of the Share Consolidation becoming effective on 20 May
  Shares granted
                        2025)
                        The vesting period for the 367,093 award Shares granted to Mr. CHIH Yu Yang and
      Vesting period    the 333,097 award Shares granted to Mr. LIN Chia-Yi shall be 12 months from the
                        date of grant, which shall be vested on 15 May 2026.
                        The vesting of the award Shares is subject to continued service of the relevant
                        Grantees and the fulfilment of the performance targets and other requirements
       Performance      specified in the grant letter to be entered into between the Company and the
          target(s)     relevant Grantee.The performance targets are related to:(i) financial parameters of
                        the Group (such as profits after tax of the Group); and (ii) individual performance
                        indicators relevant to the Grantee’s roles and responsibilities.
                        The award Shares are subject to clawback under any one or more of the special
                        circumstances specified by the Board from time to time as clawback triggering
                        event(s), including but not limited to where there has been a material misstatement
                        or omission in the financial statements of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
                        involving such Grantee, or if such Grantee has engaged in serious negligence, fraud
                        or misconduct.
       Clawback
                        In relation to any of such special circumstance(s)/clawback triggering event(s), the
       mechanism
                        Board may consider the report(s) from the Company’s human resources department
                        on the background and details underlying such special circumstance(s)/clawback
                        triggering event(s) and related findings of investigations, and may then determine
                        any clawback action to be taken in respect of any incentive monies made and to be
                        made and/or any award Shares granted and to be granted to any grantee within a
                        period of three years immediately preceding the date on which the Board determines
                        such action.


172       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (Continued)
2025 Share Grants (Continued)

    In respect of the 27,238,190 award Shares granted on 11 August 2025:

     Date of grant    11 August 2025
                      Regular Directors Grants:                         Employees Grants:
       Grantees                                   Number of award                                    Number of award
         and          Grantees:                     Shares granted      Grantees:                      Shares granted
      Number of       Mr. CHIH Yu Yang                      367,093     Dr. KUO Wen-Yi                         255,000
     award Shares     Mr. LIN Chia-Yi                       333,097     1 senior manager                       210,000
       granted                                       Total: 700,190     Employees of the Group              26,073,000
                                                                                                     Total: 26,538,000
                      Regular Directors Grants:

                      Subject to the fulfilment of the vesting conditions applicable to the 367,093 award Shares granted
                      to Mr. CHIH Yu Yang and the 333,097 award Shares granted to Mr. LIN Chia-Yi (collectively,
                      “Regular Directors Grants”), and in accordance with the terms of the Regular Directors Grants,
                      the vesting period for all award Shares under the Regular Directors Grants shall be 12 months from
                      the Grant Date, on 12 August 2026.
                      Employees Grants:

                      Subject to the fulfilment of the vesting conditions applicable to the remaining 26,538,000 award
                      Shares (collectively, “Employees Grants”), and in accordance with the terms of the Employees
                      Grants, all award Shares under the Employees Grants will vest in tranches over a three-year period
                      between the Grant Date and 5 October 2028. Vesting will occur on the following dates:

                      • 2026: 7,846,000 award Shares, representing approximately 30% of the award Shares under the
                        Employees Grants, will vest in two tranches on 2 April 2026 and 5 October 2026, conditional
                        upon the fulfilment of the vesting conditions.

                      • 2027: 8,846,000 award Shares, representing approximately 33% of the award Shares under the
                        Employees Grants, will vest in two tranches on 2 April 2027 and 5 October 2027, conditional
                        upon the fulfilment of the vesting conditions.

                      • 2028: 9,846,000 award Shares, representing approximately 37% of the award Shares under the
     Vesting period     Employees Grants, will vest in two tranches on 3 April 2028 and 5 October 2028, conditional
                        upon the fulfilment of the vesting conditions.

                      For each calendar year, the total number of award Shares to be vested to each Grantee under
                      the Employees Grants will be distributed in two equal installments, with 50% vesting in April and
                      50% vesting in October. The number of award Shares vested annually under the Employees Grants
                      is based on a combination of time-based and performance-based conditions, which vary across
                      business units. Please refer to the section on Performance Targets and the tables below for further
                      details on the performance-based criteria and the Employees Grants.

                      Grants of certain award Shares under the Employees Grants are subject to a vesting period of less
                      than 12 months, but each of the overall grants under the Employees Grants has a mixed schedule
                      where the award Shares shall vest over a period of more than 12 months and is attached with
                      performance-based vesting conditions. In this regard, the Share Scheme specifically permits such
                      a circumstance to have vesting period of less than 12 months. The Board and the remuneration
                      committee of the Company (“Remuneration Committee”) consider that this is appropriate as part
                      of the competitive terms and conditions to reward exceptional performers with accelerated vesting
                      and to motivate exceptional performers based on performance metrics. With respect to the grants
                      of 255,000 award Shares and 210,000 award Shares to Dr. KUO Wen-Yi and the senior manager
                      respectively under the Employees Grants, the Remuneration Committee and the Board further
                      consider that, in addition to the above and taking into account (i) the demonstrated contributions
                      of the relevant Grantees to the overall operations, development and growth of the Group; and
                      (ii) a majority of the award Shares are subject to a longer vesting period, which will ensure that
                      the longterm interests of the Grantees and the Company are aligned and the Grantees will be
                      motivated to contribute to the Company’s development, a shorter vesting period is appropriate.


                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025            173
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (Continued)
2025 Share Grants (Continued)

In respect of the 27,238,190 award Shares granted on 11 August 2025 (Continued):

                     Regular Directors Grants:

                     The vesting of the award Shares under the Regular Directors Grants is not subject to the fulfilment
                     of performance targets. The purpose of the Share Scheme is to attract and retain capable, skilled
                     and experienced personnel, to incentivize them to remain with the Group and to give effect to
                     the Group’s customer-focused and performance-driven corporate culture, and to motivate them to
                     strive for the future development and expansion and long-term success of the Group, by providing
                     them with the opportunity to acquire equity interests in the Company.

                     Having considered that (i) the award Shares to be granted will give each of Mr. Chih and Mr. Lin an
                     opportunity to have a personal stake in the Company, which will help motivate them in improving
                     their performance and efficiency; and (ii) the number of award Shares to be granted is based on,
                     among other things, the work performance, past contribution to the Group and potential of Mr.
                     Chih and Mr. Lin, the Remuneration Committee and the Board consider that notwithstanding the
                     absence of the performance targets, the Regular Directors Grants align with the purpose of the
                     Share Scheme.

                     Employees Grants:

                     The vesting of certain award Shares under the Employees Grants is subject to the fulfilment of
                     the performance targets and/or other requirements specified in the grant letter to be entered
                     into between the Company and the relevant Grantee. The performance targets are related to
                     (i) financial parameters of the Group (such as profits after tax of the Group); and (ii) individual
                     performance indicators relevant to the Grantee’s roles and responsibilities. Vesting is subject to
                     continued service of the relevant Grantees. Meanwhile, the vesting of certain award Shares under
                     the Employees Grants is not subject to the fulfilment of the performance targets. Please see below
      Performance    the table for further details of the Employees Grants. The Board and the Remuneration Committee,
        target(s)    having considered the purpose of the Share Scheme (as aforementioned) and the following factors,
                     are of the view that performance target is not necessary for the grant of those award Shares to the
                     Grantees (including the senior manager and Dr. Kuo) under the Employees Grants and such grant
                     of award Shares without performance target is in line with the purpose of the Share Scheme: (i)
                     those Grantees’ roles and experiences in the Group’s business, and past contribution and dedication
                     to the promotion of the Group’s business; (ii) those Grantees, in particular, senior manager and Dr.
                     Kuo, have directly contributed to the overall business performance; and (iii) such grant of award
                     Shares being subject to the vesting schedules as stated above which reinforces the Grantees’
                     commitment to long-term services to the Group.

                    Director — Dr. Kuo

                                                        Number of        Number of
                                                     Award Shares     Award Shares
                                      Number of               with         without
                                    Award Shares      performance      performance
                                        Granted            targets          targets   Vesting Period

                                           42,500           31,875           10,625   11 August 2025 to 2 April 2026
                                           42,500           31,875           10,625   11 August 2025 to 5 October 2026
                                           42,500           31,875           10,625   11 August 2025 to 2 April 2027
                                           42,500           31,875           10,625   11 August 2025 to 5 October 2027
                                           42,500           31,875           10,625   11 August 2025 to 3 April 2028
                                           42,500           31,875           10,625   11 August 2025 to 5 October 2028

                     Total                255,000          191,250           63,750




174       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (Continued)
2025 Share Grants (Continued)

    In respect of the 27,238,190 award Shares granted on 11 August 2025 (Continued):

                     1 Senior manager

                                                        Number of        Number of
                                                     Award Shares     Award Shares
                                      Number of               with         without
                                    Award Shares      performance      performance
                                        Granted            targets          targets   Vesting Period
                                           35,000           17,500           17,500   11 August 2025 to 2 April 2026
                                           35,000           17,500           17,500   11 August 2025 to 5 October 2026
                                           35,000           17,500           17,500   11 August 2025 to 2 April 2027
                                           35,000           17,500           17,500   11 August 2025 to 5 October 2027
                                           35,000           17,500           17,500   11 August 2025 to 3 April 2028
                                           35,000           17,500           17,500   11 August 2025 to 5 October 2028

                     Total                210,000          105,000          105,000
      Performance
        target(s)
                     Employees

                                                        Number of        Number of
                                                     Award Shares     Award Shares
                                      Number of               with         without
                                    Award Shares      performance      performance
                                        Granted            targets          targets   Vesting Period
                                         3,845,500       2,749,250        1,096,250   11 August 2025 to 2 April 2026
                                         3,845,500       2,749,250        1,096,250   11 August 2025 to 5 October 2026
                                         4,345,500       3,108,250        1,237,250   11 August 2025 to 2 April 2027
                                         4,345,500       3,108,250        1,237,250   11 August 2025 to 5 October 2027
                                         4,845,500       3,467,250        1,378,250   11 August 2025 to 3 April 2028
                                         4,845,500       3,467,250        1,378,250   11 August 2025 to 5 October 2028

                     Total              26,073,000      18,649,500        7,423,500

                     Regular Directors Grants:

                     With respect to the Regular Directors Grants, the relevant award Shares granted are subject to
                     clawback under any one or more of the special circumstances specified by the Board from time to
                     time as clawback triggering event(s), including but not limited to where there has been a material
                     misstatement or omission in the financial statements of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
                     involving such Grantee, or if such Grantee has engaged in serious negligence, fraud or misconduct.

                     In relation to any of such special circumstance(s)/clawback triggering event(s), the Board may
                     consider the report(s) from the Company’s human resources department on the background and
                     details underlying such special circumstance(s)/clawback triggering event(s) and related findings of
                     investigations, and may then determine any clawback action to be taken in respect of any incentive
       Clawback      monies made and to be made and/or any award Shares granted and to be granted to any grantee
       mechanism     within a period of three years immediately preceding the date on which the Board determines such
                     action.

                     Employees Grants:

                     With respect to the Employees Grants, the relevant award Shares granted are not subject to
                     any clawback mechanism but shall lapse (to the extent not already vested) on the date when
                     the Grantee(s) ceases to be an eligible participant under the Share Scheme. The Board and the
                     Remuneration Committee consider that a specific clawback mechanism is not necessary for the
                     Employees Grants, including the grant of award Shares to the 1 senior manager and Dr. Kuo
                     thereunder, having considered that the lapse of the award Shares upon the Grantee(s) ceases to
                     be an eligible participant under the Share Scheme, which is in line with the purpose of the Share
                     Scheme and in the interests of the Company.


                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025                175
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (Continued)
Movements of 2025 Share Grants
Movements of share grants under the Share Scheme during the current year under review (i.e. 1 January 2025
to 31 December 2025) were as follows:
                                                                                      Number of Shares/Old Shares granted under the Share Scheme
                                                                   Unvested                        Award
                                                                  award Old                        Shares                      Unvested
                                                                      Shares                     (of a par                 award Shares
                                                                    (of a par                     value of        Vested immediately Vested award                 Closing price
                                                                     value of       Award         US$0.40     award Old         after the Shares from   Unvested     of the Old Closing price
                                                                     US$0.04    Old Shares           each) Shares from             Share 20 May 2025 award Shares        Shares of the Shares
                     Date                          Date           each) as of      granted        granted      1 January Consolidation              to      as of immediately immediately
Name of              of           Vesting          of              1 January        during         during        2025 to     effected on 31 December 31 December    before the     before the
grantee              grant        period           vesting              2025    the period     the period 19 May 2025 20 May 2025                2025        2025 date of grant date of grant
                     (dd.mm.yyyy) (dd.mm.yyyy)     (dd.mm.yyyy)                                                                                                           (HK$)         (HK$)
CHIH Yu Yang       08.03.2024      08.03.2024 to   08.03.2025      2,627,947            0             0      (2,627,947)           0              0            0           0.47           N/A
 (former executive                   07.03.2025
 director and      20.09.2024      20.09.2024 to   20.09.2025      1,546,358            0             0               0      154,635*      (154,635)           0           0.76           N/A
 Chairman of the                     19.09.2025
 Board)            15.05.2025      15.05.2025 to   15.05.2026              0     3,670,931            0               0      367,093*      (367,093)           0           0.83           N/A
                                     14.05.2026
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   12.08.2026              0            0       367,093               0      367,093       (367,093)           0           N/A          14.67
                                     11.08.2026
                                                                   4,174,305     3,670,931      367,093     (2,627,947)      888,821      (888,821)            0

LIN Chia-Yi           08.03.2024   08.03.2024 to   08.03.2025      1,778,031            0             0      (1,778,031)           0              0            0           0.47           N/A
  (executive director                07.03.2025
  and Chief Executive 20.09.2024   20.09.2024 to   20.09.2025      1,046,243            0             0               0      104,624*      (104,624)           0           0.76           N/A
  Officer)                           19.09.2025
                      15.05.2025   15.05.2025 to   15.05.2026              0     3,330,971            0               0      333,097*             0      333,097           0.83           N/A
                                     14.05.2026
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   12.08.2026              0            0       333,097               0      333,097              0      333,097           N/A          14.67
                                     11.08.2026
                                                                   2,824,274     3,330,971      333,097     (1,778,031)      770,818      (104,624)      666,194

KUO Wen -Yi          11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   02.04.2026              0            0        42,500               0       42,500              0       42,500           N/A          14.67
 (executive                          02.04.2026
 director)           11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   05.10.2026              0            0        42,500               0       42,500              0       42,500           N/A          14.67
                                     05.10.2026
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   02.04.2027              0            0        42,500               0       42,500              0       42,500           N/A          14.67
                                     02.04.2027
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   05.10.2027              0            0        42,500               0       42,500              0       42,500           N/A          14.67
                                     05.10.2027
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   03.04.2028              0            0        42,500               0       42,500              0       42,500           N/A          14.67
                                     03.04.2028
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   05.10.2028              0            0        42,500               0       42,500              0       42,500           N/A          14.67
                                     05.10.2028
                                                                           0            0       255,000               0      255,000              0      255,000

Senior manager       11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   02.04.2026              0            0        35,000               0       35,000              0       35,000           N/A          14.67
                                     02.04.2026
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   05.10.2026              0            0        35,000               0       35,000              0       35,000           N/A          14.67
                                     05.10.2026
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   02.04.2027              0            0        35,000               0       35,000              0       35,000           N/A          14.67
                                     02.04.2027
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   05.10.2027              0            0        35,000               0       35,000              0       35,000           N/A          14.67
                                     05.10.2027
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   03.04.2028              0            0        35,000               0       35,000              0       35,000           N/A          14.67
                                     03.04.2028
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   05.10.2028              0            0        35,000               0       35,000              0       35,000           N/A          14.67
                                     05.10.2028
                                                                           0            0       210,000               0      210,000              0      210,000

Employees            11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   02.04.2026              0            0      3,845,500              0     3,845,500             0     3,845,500          N/A          14.67
                                     02.04.2026
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   05.10.2026              0            0      3,845,500              0     3,845,500             0     3,845,500          N/A          14.67
                                     05.10.2026
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   02.04.2027              0            0      4,345,500              0     4,345,500             0     4,345,500          N/A          14.67
                                     02.04.2027
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   05.10.2027              0            0      4,345,500              0     4,345,500             0     4,345,500          N/A          14.67
                                     05.10.2027
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   03.04.2028              0            0      4,845,500              0     4,845,500             0     4,845,500          N/A          14.67
                                     03.04.2028
                     11.08.2025    11.08.2025 to   05.10.2028              0            0      4,845,500              0     4,845,500             0     4,845,500          N/A          14.67
                                     05.10.2028
                                                                           0            0     26,073,000              0    26,073,000             0    26,073,000
Total                                                              6,998,579     7,001,902    27,238,190    (4,405,978)    28,197,639     (993,445)    27,204,194




176            FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (Continued)
Movements of 2025 Share Grants (Continued)
Notes:


1.       No consideration nor purchase price was payable on acceptance of offer of the share awards.


2.       No share awards were cancelled, lapsed or forfeited during the year under review.


3.       The fair values of the award Old Shares at the date of grant on 8 March 2024, 20 September 2024 and 15 May 2025, were HK$0.50,
         HK$0.77 and HK$0.85 respectively.

4.       The fair value of the award Shares at the date of grant on 11 August 2025 was HK$14.03.

5.       The weighted average closing price of the Old Shares immediately before the date of vesting on 8 March 2025 was HK$0.93.

6.       The weighted average closing prices of the Shares immediately before the vesting dates on 19 September 2025 was HK$16.67.

7.       Mr. Chih was previously granted a total of 734,186 award Shares (including 3,670,931 award Old Shares and 367,093 award Shares)
         pursuant to the share scheme of the Company. These award Shares vested on 31 October 2025 due to retirement of Mr. Chih, in accordance
         with the scheme rules. The weighted average closing prices of the Shares immediately before the vesting date of the above 734,186 awards
         Shares on 31 October 2025 was HK$19.22.

8.       The fair value of the shares at the date of grant is measured by the quoted market price of the shares at the date of grant. In relation to
         equity-settled share-based payment transactions:

         •       Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others who provide similar services are measured at the fair value of the
                 equity instruments at the grant date.

         •       The fair value of services received determined by reference to the fair value of share options or ordinary shares granted at the grant
                 date without taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period
                 or recognised as an expense in full at the grant date when the share options or ordinary shares granted vest immediately, with a
                 corresponding increase in equity (share compensation reserve). The fair value of the ordinary shares granted shall be measured at the
                 market price of the shares, and the fair value of the share options granted shall be estimated by applying an option-pricing model.

         •       At the end of the current year under review, the Group revised its estimates of the number of options or ordinary shares that are
                 expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original
                 estimates during the vesting period, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
                 estimates, with a corresponding adjustment to share compensation reserve.

         •       When the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share compensation reserve will be transferred to share
                 premium. When the share options are forfeited or cancelled after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the
                 amount previously recognised in share compensation reserve will be transferred to retained profits.

         •       When new ordinary shares are issued pursuant to the share scheme, the fair value of the ordinary shares granted that vest
                 immediately or without lock-up period is recognised as an expense in full at the grant date with corresponding increase in equity
                 (share compensation reserve). When the ordinary share awards are granted with lock-up period, which has same meaning as vesting
                 period, the fair value of such amounts granted at the grant date is expensed on a straight-line basis over the lock-up period.

         •       The cancellation of share options granted or ordinary shares granted is accounted for as an acceleration of vesting. The amount
                 that would otherwise have been recognised for services received over the remainder of the vesting period is, therefore, recognised
                 immediately.


*        The 2,592,601 Old Shares (of a par value of US$0.04 each) and the 7,001,902 Old Shares (of a par value of US$0.04 each) granted by
         the Company on 20 September 2024 and 15 May 2025 respectively had been adjusted to become 259,259 Shares (of a par value of
         US$0.40 each) and 700,190 Shares (of a par value of US$0.40 each) of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Share Scheme and Share
         Consolidation with effect from 20 May 2025, and it will be satisfied by transfer of Treasury Shares of the Company to the grantees. For
         details, please refer to the above section and the Company’s announcements published on 10 April 2025, 15 May 2025 and 16 May 2025.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025                    177
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established and maintained a nomination committee with written terms of reference by
reference to the code provisions of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the nomination committee are
accessible on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company respectively.

The nomination committee currently consists of three independent non-executive directors. The members are:

LAU Siu Ki
  (chairman of the nomination committee)
CHEN Shu Chuan (also known as Nadia CHEN)
  (member of the nomination committee)
CHIU Yen-Tsen (also known as CHIU Yen-Chen, Dennis)
  (member of the nomination committee)

The principal duties of the nomination committee include reviewing the structure, size and composition of
the Board, identifying and nominating suitable candidates for directorship, assessing the independence of
independent non-executive directors, making recommendations to the Board on appointment, re-appointment
and succession planning of directors, and, together with the corporate governance committee, reviewing each
of the nomination policy and the board diversity policy to ensure its effectiveness, relevance to the Company’s
needs and alignment with the then current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice,
and discussing any proposed changes to the then existing policies for recommendation to the Board for
consideration.

The nomination committee shall meet at least once a year (as necessary). During the year under review, one
nomination committee meeting was held and the meeting attendance of each member of the nomination
committee is set out in the section headed “Board, Committees and General Meeting” below of this report.
In addition to the committee meeting, the nomination committee also dealt with matters by way of circulation
and signing of written resolutions during the year under review.

Work Performed During the Year
A summary of the work performed by the nomination committee during the year under review is set out as
follows:

(i)     considered and recommended to the Board the proposed re-election of directors;
(ii)    assessed the independence of the independent non-executive directors;
(iii)   reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board;
(iv)    assessed the sufficiency of the directors’ time commitment and contributions to the Company;
(v)     reviewed the implementation of the nomination policy for directorship; and
(vi)    considered and recommended the proposed appointment of non-executive director, Chairman of the
        Board and chairman of the corporate governance committee and the retirement of executive director,
        Chairman of the Board and chairman of the corporate governance committee.

Full minutes of the meetings of the nomination committee are kept by the company secretary. Draft and final
versions of minutes of the meetings of the nomination committee were sent to all members of the committee
for their comments and records respectively within a reasonable time after the meetings.




178      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


NOMINATION COMMITTEE (Continued)
Work Highlights for Directors Re-election
2025 AGM

During the year under review, Mr. CHIH Yu Yang and Dr. KUO Wen-Yi, both being executive directors of
the Company, were re-elected by the Company’s shareholders at the annual general meeting held on 16
May 2025. In considering their re-election, the nomination committee had taken into account, among other
things, their respective professional background, qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, their
time commitment and contributions to the Company, as well as their integrity, reputation and continued
suitability for the Board, having regard to the Company’s business needs and development and the diversity of
perspectives required at Board level.

Mr. CHIH Yu Yang
When considering the proposed re-election of Mr.Chih as an executive director and the Chairman of the Board,
the nomination committee had taken into account, among other things, Mr.Chih’s professional background,
qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, particularly his extensive experience in the communication
industries, engineering and managerial experience; his extensive and in-depth knowledge and experience in
both the Company and the industry accumulated through his service as an executive director of the Company;
his time commitment and contributions to the Company; his diversity of perspectives appropriate to the
requirements of the Company’s business; and aspects such as his personal ethics, integrity and reputation
which are important to the overall business culture of the Company.

Dr. KUO Wen-Yi
When considering the proposed re-election of Dr. Kuo as an executive director of the Company, the nomination
committee had taken into account, among other things, Dr. Kuo’s professional background, qualifications,
skills, knowledge and experience, particularly his extensive experience in wireless communication product
research and development, international business development, start-up business and corporate management;
his knowledge and experience in both the Company and the industry accumulated through his service as an
executive director of the Company; his time commitment and contributions to the Company; his diversity of
perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business; and aspects such as his personal
ethics, integrity and reputation which are important to the overall business culture of the Company.

Following due consideration of the above factors and with reference to the Nomination Policy and the Board
Diversity Policy as recommended by the nomination committee in respect of the re-election of Mr. CHIH Yu
Yang and Dr. KUO Wen-Yi, and the Board recommended their re-election to the shareholders at the 2025
AGM.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         179
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


NOMINATION COMMITTEE (Continued)
Work Highlights for Directors Re-election (Continued)
2026 AGM

When considering the re-election of Mr. Huang as a non-executive director and the Chairman of the Board,
Mr. Lin as an executive director and the chief executive officer, and Ms. Chen as an independent non-
executive director of the Company, the nomination committee obtained and reviewed the relevant information
and documents relating to them (including without limitation their curriculum vitae showing (among other
things) their skills, knowledge, ability and experience in the relevant areas) in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy. Following the procedures set out in the
Nomination Policy, a meeting of the nomination committee was convened on 12 March 2026, during which
the nomination committee assessed and took into account, including but not limited to, the retiring directors’
professional background, skills, knowledge, ability and experience as summarized below:

Mr. HUANG Ying Shih
Mr. Huang possesses more than 27 years of extensive experience in corporate management, financial
governance and corporate transformation. He has been involved in the implementation of the Hon Hai
Group’s “3+3” business initiatives, including strategy execution, investment evaluation and post-investment
management at group level. His Taiwan background, qualifications and experience, particularly his overseas
knowledge and experience acquired through the network in both the Hon Hai Technology Group and cross-
industry networks would bring significant value to the Board. His directorships in Taiwan-listed companies as
well as his previous roles with accounting firms, multinational technology enterprises and large multinational
manufacturing groups would strengthen the leadership of the Board.

Mr. LIN Chia-Yi
Mr. Lin has more than 29 years of extensive experience in the communication and computer industries. He
exhibits entrepreneurial mindset with outstanding skills in strategic planning, business and leadership. With
his excellent communication skills, he is adept at building trusting relationships with stakeholders, and is
dedicated to delivering successful products to customers. He has proven experience in resource optimization,
organizational capability building and operational efficiency, P&L management, risk control, and talent
development. Through his participation in the implementation of the Group’s “3+3” initiatives, Mr. Lin is
currently leading the team in building artificial intelligence core technologies and advancing new business
development in the robotics segment as an upfront investment which is beneficial to the Group’s long-term
development.




180     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


NOMINATION COMMITTEE (Continued)
Work Highlights for Directors Re-election (Continued)
2026 AGM (Continued)

Ms. CHEN Shu Chuan
Ms. Chen possesses more than 37 years of extensive experience in the financial sector, professional knowledge
in operational judgement, accounting and financial analysis, operation and management, and has accumulated
rich experience in risk management. She is a recognition and promotion of female leadership and professional
experience with reference to her leadership and senior managerial positions, which brings diversity of
perspectives to the Board composition and achieve gender diversity as one of the measurable objectives. Her
Taiwan background, qualifications and experience, particularly sharing of overseas knowledge and experience
acquired through her independent directorships with Taiwan-listed companies belonging to different industry
sectors, is an invaluable addition to the Board. The nomination committee also assessed the independence of
Ms. Chen, and was satisfied that Ms. Chen has met the guidelines on independence set out in Rule 3.13 of
the Listing Rules and would be independent for the purposes of the Listing Rules.

In essence, Mr. Huang, Mr. Lin and Ms. Chen possess the required character, competence, integrity, experience
and diversity of perspectives to be re-elected as directors of the Company. Their respective involvement in
the Group’s key business initiatives provides continuity in leadership, strengthens execution monitoring and
governance supervision and supports the Company’s long-term strategic alignment. Their re-election will bring
valuable insights, advice, expertise, better diversity of perspectives as well as sound judgements and objective
views to the Board.

Following due consideration of the aforementioned factors, the nomination committee determined at such
meeting to make recommendation to the Board for proposing the re-election of Mr. Huang, Mr. Lin and Ms.
Chen at the Company’s 2026 AGM.

The Board, having considered the recommendation of the nomination committee, accepted the re-election
of the retiring directors as recommended by the nomination committee, and believes that the invaluable
knowledge and experience of all the above retiring directors in the businesses of the Group continue to be of
significant benefit to the Company. Accordingly, the Board recommended all of them to stand for re-election
at the 2026 AGM.

Directors’ Time Commitment
All directors have confirmed that they devoted sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company
and its subsidiaries during the year under review and made sufficient contributions to the Board and its
committees. The Company has also received from each director disclosures of his or her offices held in
public companies or organisations and other significant commitments, together with relevant estimated time
commitments, in accordance with the Listing Rules.

On 12 March 2026, the nomination committee has assessed the directors’ time commitment and contributions,
taking into account, among other things, the nature of the meetings held during the year, the Directors’
attendance and participation, and their confirmations. The nomination committee is of the view, and the
Board concurs, that all directors have devoted sufficient time to the Company’s affairs and have discharged
their responsibilities effectively.

                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025          181
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


NOMINATION COMMITTEE (Continued)
Nomination Policy
The Company adopted the nomination policy ( “ Nomination Policy ” ), as amended from time to time.
The Nomination Policy sets out the process for the nomination of directorship candidates by a director or
shareholder of the Company, the information collection and candidate selection process of the nomination
committee, criteria which the nomination committee would consider and details on the nomination procedures
for appointment and re-appointment of director(s) of the Company.

In assessing and evaluating whether a candidate is suitably qualified to be appointed as a director of the
Company, the nomination committee takes into account, among other things: (i) the candidate’s qualifications,
skills, knowledge and experience, and the potential contributions that the candidate could bring to the Board;
(ii) the candidate’s time commitment and ability to devote sufficient time to perform director’s duties; (iii) the
candidate’s personal ethics, integrity and reputation; (iv) the then current structure, size and composition of
the Board and the Company’s corporate strategy with reference to the Board Diversity Policy; and (v) Board
succession planning considerations and the long-term needs of the Company; and in the case of a candidate
for an independent non-executive director of the Company, the nomination committee also assesses the
independence of such candidate with reference to the independence criteria set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules and the relevant requirements under the CG Code.

The nomination committee follows the procedures under the Nomination Policy in identifying and
recommending candidates for directorship. In doing so, the nomination committee considers potential
candidates with reference to the selection criteria set out in the Nomination Policy, evaluates their suitability
having regard to the Board’s composition and diversity, and makes recommendations to the Board for its
consideration and approval. In the case of appointment of a new director, the nomination committee will
identify and consider suitable candidates and make recommendations to the Board for determination.

In the case of re-appointment or re-election of directors, the nomination committee applies the same
selection criteria and procedures and, where applicable, assesses whether the relevant director has
remained independent, taking into account the requirements under the Listing Rules. In doing so, the
nomination committee considers, among other things, the director’s professional background, experience,
time commitment, contribution to the Company and continued suitability for the Board, and, where an
independent non-executive director has served for more than nine years, further considers his or her continued
independence having regard to the relevant factors under the Listing Rules. The nomination committee will
then make recommendations to the Board for its consideration, and the Board, having considered such
recommendations, will then recommend the proposed re-appointment or re-election of the candidate to the
shareholders for its approval at annual general meeting of the Company.

For proposing a candidate to stand for election as a director of the Company at a general meeting of the
Company, the nomination committee applies the same selection criteria as mentioned above, and the
Board will make recommendations to the Company’s shareholders for consideration. In accordance with the
requirements under the Listing Rules, the Company will publish an announcement or issue a supplementary
circular setting out the relevant information of the candidate and will provide shareholders with sufficient time
to consider such information prior to the general meeting.

Further details in relation to the aforesaid nomination procedure adopted by nomination committee are set out
in the section headed “Nomination Policy” on page 181 to 184 of the Company’s 2024 annual report.



182     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


NOMINATION COMMITTEE (Continued)
Board Diversity Policy and Board Composition
The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the”Board Diversity Policy”) setting out the approach
to achieving diversity on the Board. The Board Diversity Policy is reviewed annually and, on 13 March 2026,
the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy and considered
that it remained effective and relevant to the Company’s needs and reflected the then current regulatory
requirements and good corporate governance practice.

In reviewing the structure and composition of the Board and considering Board member appointment or re-
appointment, the nomination committee takes into account a number of factors as measurable objectives,
including gender, age, ethnicity, cultural and educational background, professional skills, experience and
knowledge, as well as length of service. The nomination committee continues to monitor and review progress
towards these measurable objectives by considering candidates on merits and with due regard to the benefits
of appropriate diversity of perspectives within the Board and the candidates’ potential contributions thereto.

As at the date of this report, the Board comprised seven directors, including two executive directors, two non-
executive directors and three independent non-executive directors. Details of the directors are set out in the
section headed “Profile of Directors and Senior Management” forming part of the Company’s 2025 annual
report and in the section headed “The Board” of this report. The Board considers that its current composition
provides an appropriate balance of skills, experience and diversity, taking into account the Company’s business
needs and development.

The Company regards gender diversity at the Board level as one important aspect of Board diversity. Following
the appointment of Ms. Chen on 19 May 2023, the Board is no longer single-gender. The Board has set an
objective to further enhance female representation on the Board over time. In this regard, the nomination
committee adopted on 6 March 2024 a measure to identify potential candidates from a pool with a male/
female ratio of at least 80:20 and will use its best efforts to identify and recommend suitable female
candidates to the Board for consideration as and when appropriate, subject to the Nomination Policy and the
Board Diversity Policy.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025         183
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
The Company has established and maintained a corporate governance committee with written terms of
reference by reference to the code provisions of the CG Code.

The corporate governance committee currently consists of one non-executive director and one executive
director. The members are:

HUANG Ying Shih (also known as Philip HUANG)
 (chairman of the corporate governance committee)
  (appointed on 31 October 2025)
KUO Wen-Yi
 (member of the corporate governance committee)

The principal duties of the corporate governance committee are to develop and review the Company’s policies
and practices on corporate governance and to make recommendations to the Board. It also reviews and
monitors the training and continuous professional development of the directors and senior management.
In addition, it reviews and monitors the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements. Moreover, it develops, reviews and monitors the code of conduct and Compliance
Manual applicable to employees and the directors, and reviews the Company’s compliance with the CG Code.

The corporate governance committee shall meet at least once a year (as necessary). During the year under
review, one corporate governance committee meeting was held and the meeting attendance of each member
of the corporate governance committee is set out in the section headed “Board, Committees and General
Meetings” below of this report. In addition to the committee meeting, the corporate governance committee
also dealt with matters by way of circulation and signing of written resolutions during the year under review.

Work Performed During the Year
A summary of the work performed by the corporate governance committee during the year under review is set
out as follows:

(i)     reviewed and confirmed that the existing documents and policies of the Group have remained relevant
        and appropriate to the needs of the Company and its Vision, Mission and Values and desired corporate
        culture and complied with relevant laws and regulations;
(ii)    reviewed the proposed amendments to the memorandum and articles of association of the Company;
(iii)   reviewed total time spent in training and continuous professional development of the directors and
        senior management of the Company; and
(iv)    reviewed and approved the Company’s corresponding actions for facilitating directors to meet annual
        Directors’ Training requirement.

Full minutes of the meetings of the corporate governance committee are kept by the company secretary.
Draft and final versions of minutes of the meetings of the corporate governance committee were sent to all
members of the committee for their comments and records respectively within a reasonable time after the
meetings.




184      FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE (Continued)
Board Evaluation and Board Effectiveness
The Board recognises board evaluation as a critical instrument to assess its performance, effectiveness and
efficiency. During the year under review, the Board conducted an internal board evaluation exercise, which
involved each Director completing a questionnaire to provide individual ratings and comments covering a
range of topics. The objective of the evaluation is to ensure that the Board and its committees continue to act
effectively in fulfilling their duties and responsibilities. The scope of the evaluation covered various aspects,
including, but not limited to, Board structure, size, composition and diversity, the quality and efficiency of
discussions at Board and committee meetings, as well as the overall operational effectiveness.

On 13 March 2026, the corporate governance committee reviewed and confirmed the evaluation results
and recommended the same to the Board for its approval. With reference to the recommendations of the
corporate governance committee, the Board reviewed the results of the board evaluation for the year 2025,
and the Board considers that it and its committees have acted effectively in fulfilling their respective duties
and responsibilities and have met respective performance objectives as well as each director has contributed
positively to the overall effectiveness of the Board and the Board committees.



                                           Board Evaluation Process

                                  Evaluation approach and scope formulated




                                  Questionnaire completed by Directors




                                  Individual Director interviews (as appropriate)




                                  Evaluation results presented to the Board




                              Key Areas Covered by the 2025 Board Evaluation

                                • The Board discharged its duties
                                • The quality and efficiency of discussions at the Board
                                  and/or committee meetings
                                • The operational effectiveness of the Board and its
                                  committees and their respective recommendations to
                                  the Board
                                • The Board structure, size, composition and diversity
                                • The overall performance of the Board and its
                                  committees




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025      185
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


INDEPENDENT BOARD COMMITTEE
During the year under review, pursuant to the resolution passed at the Board meeting held on 31 October
2025, the three independent non-executive directors of the Company had approved the continuing connected
transactions for the year ending 31 December 2026 on 7 November 2025 as more particularly described in the
Company’s announcement dated 28 November 2025. The three independent non-executive directors of the
Company had also approved 2025 share grants of the Company by way of circulation and signing of written
resolutions. The meeting attendance of each member of the independent board committee is set out in the
section headed “Board, Committees and General Meetings” below.

BOARD, COMMITTEES AND GENERAL MEETINGS
The individual attendance records of each director (represented in the following manner: number of
meeting(s) attended by each director/total number of the corresponding meeting(s) held during such director’s
appointment term) at the meetings of the Board, audit committee, remuneration committee, nomination
committee, corporate governance committee, general meetings and independent board committee of the
Company during the year under review are set out below:


                                                                                             Corporate Independent
                                                 Audit Remuneration         Nomination     Governance        Board         Annual Extraordinary
                                   Board     Committee   Committee           Committee      Committee Committee           General       General
 Name of Director                Meeting       Meeting     Meeting             Meeting        Meeting      Meeting        Meeting      Meeting
                                 (Note 1)                                                                                 (Note 2)     (Note 3)

 Executive Directors
 LIN Chia-Yi                          4/4           N/A              N/A            N/A             N/A            N/A          1/1             1/1
 KUO Wen-Yi                           4/4           N/A              N/A            N/A             1/1            N/A          1/1             1/1
 CHIH Yu Yang (retired                4/4           N/A              N/A            N/A             N/A            N/A          1/1             N/A
   on 31 October 2025)

 Non-executive Directors
 HUANG Ying Shih (appointed           1/1           N/A              N/A            N/A             1/1            N/A          N/A              1/1
  on 31 October 2025)
 CHANG Chuan-Wang                     4/4           N/A              N/A            N/A             N/A            N/A          1/1              1/1

 Independent Non-executive
   Directors
 LAU Siu Ki                           4/4            8/8             4/4             2/2            N/A             1/1         1/1              1/1
 CHEN Shu Chuan                       4/4            8/8             4/4             2/2            N/A             1/1         1/1              1/1
 CHIU Yen-Tsen                        4/4            8/8             4/4             2/2            N/A             1/1         1/1              1/1

Note 1: All the directors participated in the Board meetings and committees meetings either by way of video conference facility or physically attended
        in person. Majority of the directors attended all the Board meetings physically in person in Hong Kong.


Note 2: All the directors participated in the 2025 AGM either by means of video conference facility or physically attended in person. Mr. CHIH Yu
        Yang, Mr. CHANG Chuan-Wang, Mr. LAU Siu Ki, Ms. CHEN Shu Chuan and Mr. CHIU Yen-Tsen attended the 2025 AGM physically in person
        in Hong Kong.


Note 3: All the directors participated in the 2025 EGM either by means of video conference facility or physically attended in person. Mr. HUANG Ying
        Shih, Mr. LAU Siu Ki and Ms. CHEN Shu Chuan attended the 2025 EGM physically in person in Hong Kong.




186        FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


GENDER DIVERSITY IN WORKFORCE
The Company recognises the importance of gender diversity at the workforce level, in addition to the Board
level. As at the end of the year under review, the female representation in the Group’s total workforce (full-
time employees only, exclusive of part-time/temporary employees) with reference to employee categories is set
out below:


                                                                          Approximate                                  Approximate
                                                                     male/female ratio                            male/female ratio
    Employee Category                                          as at 31 December 2024                       as at 31 December 2025


    Senior Management(Note 1)                                        83 (male)/17 (female)                        83 (male)/17 (female)
    Middle Management                                                70 (male)/30 (female)                        69 (male)/31 (female)
    General Staff                                                    56 (male)/44 (female)                        54 (male)/46 (female)

Note 1: Including the three senior management members listed in the section headed “Profile of Directors and Senior Management” (forming part of
        the Company’s 2025 annual report incorporating this report).


The above female representation in the Group’s total workforce exemplifies a level of diversification that
is in line with other leading companies in the Information Technology industry which remains a field of
comparatively, traditional male-dominated management as mentioned in the section headed “Board Diversity
Policy and Diversified Board Composition” above of this report.

The Company will continue to strive to enhance female representation in the workforce and achieve an
appropriate balance of gender distribution/ratio which corresponds with the Group’s business needs and
future developments. In this respect, the Group has been following its employment policies that recruitment,
promotion, performance evaluation, wages assessment, training opportunities and retirement must be
people-oriented, lawful, fair and without discrimination based on (among other things) gender, to the effect
that female applicants and employees should be provided with equal employment and career development
opportunities, giving rise to a pipeline of potential female candidates as successors to the Group’s middle to
senior management and ultimately the Board.

With an aim to achieving more female representation in the Group’s daily operational middle management,
the Board has set its objective in March 2023 to adjust the male/female ratio of the Group’s daily operational
middle management as at 31 December 2022 (i.e. 70 (male)/30 (female)) with a view to increase the female
ratio by at least 1% over time. During the year under review, the female ratio of middle management level has
increased by 1% and the female ratio of general staff level has increased by 2%, respectively. The Company
will continue to seek opportunities to increase the proportion of female members over time as and when
suitable candidates are identified.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 187
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION AND AUDITOR-RELATED MATTERS
The responsibility of the auditor is to form an independent opinion, based on its audit, on those consolidated
financial statements and to report its opinion solely to the Company, as a body, and for no other purpose.

During the year under review, the auditor’s remuneration incurred by the Company was US$641,000 and
US$837,000 was paid to the Company’s auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for audit services. In addition,
US$129,000 for non-audit services relating to tax and advisory services was incurred by the Company’s auditor
during the year under review.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the
Group and ensuring that the consolidated financial statements are in accordance with applicable statutory
requirements and accounting standards.

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
Financial Statements
The Board is responsible for the preparation of the Group ’ s consolidated financial statements and the
Company’s financial statements for each financial period, which give a true and fair view of the financial
position and operating results of the Group or the Company (as the case may be) for such financial period. In
preparing the financial statements for the year under review, the directors have selected and adopted suitable
accounting policies and have applied them in a consistent manner, have made reasonable judgements and
estimates, and have prepared the financial statements on a going-concern basis.

Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
The Board has overall responsibility for the Group ’ s RM and internal control systems and reviewing its
effectiveness and (as to the ESG aspect) the Group’s ESG-related strategy and reporting, and in particular,
evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks (including ESG-related risks) it is willing to
take in achieving the Group’s business and strategic objectives. In accordance with Code Provision D.2.1,
the Board ensures that the annual review of the effectiveness of the RM and internal control systems of the
Company and its subsidiaries is adequately resourced. This includes ensuring the adequacy of resources, staff
qualifications and experience, training programmes, and budget of the Group’s accounting, internal audit, and
financial reporting functions.

In particular, the Board oversees the Group’s management in the context of the Group’s RM and internal
control systems (comprising the Company’s chairman, chief executive officer, chief financial officer and chief
operating officer (if any), and the Group’s operation heads (the “Management”)) of its major factories
across the various geographic segments, including the PRC, India, Vietnam and the U.S., who collectively
as a body is designated for the purpose of assisting the Board with the Group’s overall policies on RM and
internal control systems in (among other things) the design, implementation and monitoring of the RM and
internal control systems on an on-going basis. The Group has established a structured process for identifying,
evaluating, and managing significant risks, and has implemented procedures and internal controls for the
handling and dissemination of inside information. This ensures the business and strategic objectives of the
Group (including, as to the ESG aspect, implementing the Group’s ESG-related strategy and reporting) can be
achieved and risks (including ESG-related risks) associated can be identified, evaluated, managed and mitigated
(but not eliminated) at an acceptable level, and reasonable (but not absolute) assurance can be provided
against material misstatement or loss and also assurance can be provided on the effectiveness and adequacy
of operations, reliability of financial reporting and operational information, safeguarding of the Group’s assets
and compliance with the Group’s policies, plans and procedures as well as applicable laws and regulations.


188     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)
Internal Audit
The Board (through its audit committee comprising, for the time being, all the independent non-executive
directors) oversees and evaluates the Group’s RM and internal control systems on an on-going basis. In
particular, the audit committee, in discharging the aforesaid responsibility as delegated by the Board, semi-
annually reviews the design and operational adequacy and continuing effectiveness of the Group’s RM and
internal control systems. In respect of the year under review, semi-annual review of the Group’s RM and
internal control systems was conducted in August 2025 and March 2026 by the audit committee, and the
audit committee confirmed in both occasions that the Group’s RM and internal control systems continued
to be effective and adequate throughout the year under review. For details, please refer to page 191 of this
“Accountability and Audit” section. Moreover, the audit committee, in discharging the Board’s responsibility
of overseeing and evaluating the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group’s RM and internal control systems
as delegated by the Board, reviews the effectiveness of the Group’s internal audit function.

Pursuant to a risk-based approach, the Group ’ s internal audit function independently reviews the risks
(including ESG-related risks) associated with and internal control systems of the Group over various operations
and activities, and evaluates their overall adequacy, effectiveness and compliance, including compliance with
the Group’s policies, plans and procedures. The Group’s internal audit function (as designated by the Board)
has unrestricted access to all information, books, information system, people and physical properties, thereby
allowing it to review all aspects of the RM and internal control systems and governance processes within the
Group. This includes audit of financial and operational controls of all legal entities, business and functional
units as well as all other material controls (including financial, operational and compliance controls). The
audit committee reviews and approves the internal audit plan which is prepared by the Group’s internal audit
function in the first quarter of every year based on a risk assessment of each operating and functional unit
as well as its materiality in the context of the Group. Audit findings, enhancements and recommendations
are communicated to the management of the responsible unit after each internal audit. The management of
the responsible unit is responsible for evaluating such audit findings, enhancements and recommendations
and then implementing the appropriate ones and rectifying the deficiencies with corrective actions, and
the progress on such implementation and rectification is followed up by the Group’s internal audit function
on a regular basis and monitored by the Management in order that corrective actions can be taken by
the management of the responsible unit in a timely manner. Escalation to senior management or even
the executive directors for material deficiencies will be made by the Group’s internal audit function, when
necessary. A summary of major activities and findings is reported semi-annually by the Group’s internal audit
function to the executive directors and the audit committee. Being a learning organisation, lessons learned and
best practices are disseminated and promoted within the Group.

In relation to the audit of the Group’s financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31
December 2025 respectively, the audit committee’s specific work is summarised as follows:

(a)   As to the audit of the Group’s financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31
      December 2025 respectively:

      •      Prior to the commencement of the relevant audit, audit planning meeting was arranged with the
             team representing the Company’s auditor, the Company’s chief financial officer and financial
             controller as well as the Group ’ s headquarters accounting team (collectively, the “ Audit
             Working Group”) presented the audit planning report to the audit committee, and where the
             audit committee could raise any query or provide any comment to the Audit Working Group in
             connection with the audit;


                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025         189
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)
Internal Audit (Continued)
      •       The aforesaid audit planning report provided for (among other things): (i) the scope of the audit;
              (ii) a refresher on the monitoring and reporting obligations and other responsibilities of the audit
              committee in the audit context; (iii) determination of the materiality level for the purposes of
              the audit; (iv) identification of the key changes in the Group’s business which might impact the
              audit approach; (v) description of the audit procedures (including identification of significant
              risks, key audit matters and other focus matters, assessment of those so identified and report on
              the related findings and conclusions); and (vi) the planned timeline of the audit procedures with
              continuous communications and reporting;

      •       The audit committee considered and approved the engagement letters provided by the Company ’s
              auditor in respect of the audit, particularly the audit fees proposed thereunder;

      •       The audit committee also considered and completed the audit-related questionnaire provided by
              the Company’s auditor, and in particular, expressed its views on the adequacy of the Company’s
              internal control system in place to prevent and detect fraud and the risk of fraud within the
              Company;

      •       The audit committee further considered the information and documents provided by the Audit
              Working Group as circulated by the company secretary, including (among other things) the
              audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and the related auditor’s report and
              management representation letters, together with the presentation report from the Company’s
              auditor covering (among other things) results of the procedures of the Company’s auditor for
              the significant risks and key audit matters, impact of the new and revised accounting policies
              and any significant changes in accounting judgement and estimation as well as internal control
              environment relevant to audit and audit observations (collectively, the “ Principal Financial
              Documents”);

      •       The audit committee further convened and conducted (through the company secretary) a meeting
              with (among others) the Audit Working Group to discuss (among other things) the Principal
              Financial Documents, and then passed resolutions to recommend the Board to consider and (if
              thought fit) approve the Principal Financial Documents; and

      •       In addition to the aforesaid meeting, the audit committee convened and conducted (through the
              company secretary) another meeting with the team representing the Company’s auditor without
              the presence of the Company’s management to discuss issues from the audit and other related
              matters.

(b)   As to the audit of the Group’s financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025, the audit
      committee completed additional work as follows:

      •       Prior to the commencement of the audit, the audit committee held a meeting with the Audit
              Working Group to discuss (among other things) the initiatives for enhancement of audit quality
              and communications (including better communications to understand any audit issues and
              address the same in a timely manner) as well as updates on the latest regulatory environment and
              approach, the relevant Listing Rules requirements and the new and revised accounting policies
              and auditing standards which were relevant to the 2025 audit; and


190       FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)
Internal Audit (Continued)
      •      As an interim escalation from the Audit Working Group, on 15 July 2025 prior to the convening
             of the meeting of the audit committee with the Audit Working Group on 7 August 2025, the
             audit committee considered the audit progress report from the Audit Working Group, reporting
             on (among other things): (i) revision of the materiality level for the purposes of the audit; (ii) an
             overview on the audit progress with description of the work done, work in progress and also
             planning on the work to be done; (iii) observations of the significant risks and key audit matters
             so far identified and continuance of the audit procedures as planned (in particular, no sign of
             fraud nor irregularity so far); (iv) review of the relevant valuation reports prepared by independent
             professional valuer; and (v) expected completion timeline of the remaining audit work. In essence,
             the audit progress was going well with no material audit issues as at the date of such report.

      •      As an annual escalation from the Audit Working Group, on 20 November 2025 prior to the
             convening of the meeting of the audit committee with the Audit Working Group on 12 March
             2026, the audit committee considered the audit progress report from the Audit Working Group,
             reporting on (among other things): (i) revision of the materiality level for the purposes of the
             audit; (ii) an overview on the audit progress with description of the work done, work in progress
             and also planning on the work to be done; (iii) observations of the significant risks and key audit
             matters so far identified and continuance of the audit procedures as planned (in particular, no
             sign of fraud nor irregularity so far); (iv) review of the relevant valuation reports prepared by
             independent professional valuer; and (v) expected completion timeline of the remaining audit
             work. In essence, the audit progress was going well with no material audit issues as at the date
             of such report.

During its semi-annual review, the audit committee also considers, in particular: (a) the adequacy of resources,
qualifications and experiences of the Group ’ s staff performing accounting, internal audit and financial
reporting functions as well as those relating to the Group’s ESG performance and reporting and their training
programs and budget; (b) the changes, since the last review, in the nature and extent of significant risks
(including ESG-related risks), and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external
environment; (c) the scope and quality of the Management’s on-going monitoring of risks (including ESG-
related risks) and of the risk management and internal control systems, and the work of the Group’s internal
audit function and (if any) other assurance providers; (d) the extent and frequency of communication of
monitoring results to the audit committee which enables it to assess control of the Group and the effectiveness
of risk management and internal control systems; (e) significant control failings or weaknesses that have
been identified during the period under review and also the extent to which they have resulted in unforeseen
outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had, or may in the future have, a material impact on
the Group’s financial performance or condition; and (f) the effectiveness of the Group’s processes for financial
reporting and compliance with the Listing Rules.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025          191
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)
Corporate Ethics, Conducts, and Anti-Corruption Policies
The code of conduct and the code of ethics administering appropriate and prohibited individual behaviours
within the Group are implemented and apply to employees by way of policies, rules and principles.

In particular, the Group has established and maintained its whistle-blowing policies and the related procedures
which apply to the Group’s key stakeholders, including all current and former directors, officers and other
employees (both permanent and temporary); customers; suppliers; joint venture partners; and other business
partners. Issues/concerns and complaints concerning fraudulent acts, unethical acts or improper business
conduct can be raised through established hotlines and other channels. Whistle-blower identities are protected
without fear of reprisal, victimisation, subsequent discrimination or any other unfavourable prejudice. All
issues/concerns and complaints will be handled confidentially, timely, fairly and professionally by the Group’s
chief internal auditor for further investigation and appropriate follow-up actions, including escalation to the
Company’s audit committee (for the time being, comprising all the independent non-executive directors). The
whistle-blowing policies and the related procedures will be reviewed regularly according to changes to the
business and/or regulatory environments and requirements.

The Company has established an anti-bribery management system and adopted an anti-bribery management
system manual, which outlines the foundation and principles for designing and implementing the system.
The Internal Audit Services Department conducts annual evaluations and reviews of the system’s operation,
providing assessment opinions to ensure its effective operation and compliance with the requirements
stipulated in the ISO 37001 standard. The anti-bribery management system manual will be reviewed annually
by the audit committee and the Board.

Further, the Group ’ s anti-corruption code of conduct describes the types of conduct which are strictly
prohibited and clearly informs all its directors, officers and employees that they are required to abide by
this code. To keep its directors, officers and employees abreast of the Group’s latest anti-corruption policies
and measures, the Group distributes relevant refreshers and updates as well as the related information and
materials to its directors, officers and employees on a regular basis, and anti-corruption training programmes
are provided to directors, officers and employees which cover topics including applicable anti-corruption laws
and regulations, types of misconduct, definition of bribery, individual liabilities and consequences of bribery as
well as an overview of the Group’s whistle-blowing policies. In addition, the Group requires (as a prerequisite
to the establishment of business relationship) its suppliers and customers to strictly enforce high standards of
anti-corruption.

For details, please refer to the “Overview on Mechanisms for Independent Views and Inputs” section as set out
in pages 158-166 of the Company’s 2024 annual report as well as the Company’s separate 2025 ESG Report
as issued and published simultaneously upon the issuance and publication of the Company’s 2025 annual
report incorporating this report.




192     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)
Risk Management
Risk management is one of the fundamental parts of the Group’s strategic management, and is an on-going
process for identifying, evaluating and managing the significant risks faced by the Group that threaten the
achievement of its business and strategic objectives (including, as to the ESG aspect, implementation of the
Group’s ESG-related strategy and reporting), and safeguarding the interests of shareholders and other key
stakeholders such as customers, suppliers, creditors and employees. Existing and emerging risks are identified,
evaluated and managed via the RM system. The system is operated and monitored by the Group’s RM Team
which consists of the Company’s heads/leaders of human resources, supply chain services, manufacturing and
corporate engineering, product safety, security and liability, quality and reliability, finance, legal, information
technology, investment management, strategic planning, sales and collection management, environment and
health and safety departments/divisions, collectively as a body representing key functions of the Group for
monitoring and execution of the RM processes (e.g. to establish RM strategies and objectives, and to maintain
risk assessment standards and categories) in accordance with the enterprise risk assessment and management
planning operation procedures, which set out (among other things) the enterprise risk assessment and
management principles and procedures, the quantifiable assessment standards and evaluations, the
respective roles and responsibilities of the RM Team and the supporting divisions and handling officers at
the headquarters and business unit levels as well as the RM system operation details. Risk assessment results
generated and contributed by the underlying business unit controllers/risk owners will be collected, reviewed,
assessed and consolidated twice a year by the Company’s risk management division led by the Group’s chief
internal auditor. Risk assessment reports (as prepared on the basis of such risk assessment results and covering,
among other things, review of progress on ESG-related goals and targets) will be submitted on a regular basis
to the RM Team for review to ensure the adequacy of action plans and appropriate business processes or
control systems to manage these risks (in particular, the areas which were assessed as high risk, including ESG-
related risks, if any). The Company’s risk management division will consolidate all the risk assessment results in
a Group-level risk assessment report and then submit the same to the Company’s chief financial officer on an
annual basis. Such Group-level risk assessment report provides for (among other things) the risk management
framework and model, the annual risk management analyses (with the relevant risk scores, highlighting the
major risk areas and corresponding enhancements, if any), and the planned risk management work for next
year. In this respect, the Company’s chief financial officer will represent the Management and report the
operational adequacy and continuing effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems to the
audit committee on an annual basis.

The principal risks that are covered by the risk management and internal control systems are strategic
planning, technical, budgetary control, performance measurement, and control over capital expenditure,
investment, finance, quality, product safety, security and liability, legal, regional (including politics, culture,
etc.), information technology, supply chain management (including sourcing), environmental protection,
natural disasters, human resources management, customer credit risk and relationship, industrial safety as well
as sales and collection management.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025          193
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions
The Group also adopts internal control procedures to ensure that the continuing connected transactions of
the Group have been entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group, on normal
commercial terms (or better) and according to the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair
and reasonable and in the interests of the Company’s shareholders as a whole. The accounting department
of the Company is primarily responsible for reviewing and monitoring the continuing connected transactions,
ensuring that the annual caps of the relevant continuing connected transactions are not exceeded and
the continuing connected transactions have been conducted in accordance with the pricing policies or
mechanisms under the framework agreements relating to such continuing connected transactions. The
accounting department of the Company will consult with the Group’s internal audit function in respect of
continuing connected transaction compliance issues and semi-annually report to the chief financial officer of
the Company, who in his own capacity and on behalf of the Management will report to the audit committee
(for the time being, comprising all the independent non-executive directors) and also provide a confirmation
to the audit committee that the continuing connected transactions of the Company which are subject to the
annual review and disclosure requirements under the Listing Rules have been entered into: (a) in the ordinary
and usual course of business of the Group; (b) on normal commercial terms or better; and (c) in accordance
with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
the shareholders of the Company as a whole; and that the Group’s internal control procedures applicable to
continuing connected transactions are properly implemented and operated and are adequate and effective to
ensure that such transactions were so conducted and also conducted in accordance with the pricing policies
set out in such relevant agreements. The audit committee will review the continuing connected transactions
of the Company (which are subject to the annual review and disclosure requirements under the Listing Rules)
semi-annually to check and confirm whether such continuing connected transactions are conducted: (a) in
the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b) on normal commercial terms or better; and (c) in
accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole, and whether the internal control procedures put in
place by the Company are properly implemented and operated and are adequate and effective to ensure that
such continuing connected transactions were so conducted and also conducted in accordance with the pricing
policies set out in such relevant agreements. For details, please refer to the “Internal Control Measures”
section of the Company’s circular dated 5 December 2025. In particular, in order to assist the independent
non-executive directors (for the time being, being all the members of the audit committee) in performing their
corresponding duties and functions under the Listing Rules and also having an oversight over the on-going
monitoring in respect of the Group’s continuing connected transactions, the Company’s chief financial officer
and the Group’s chief internal auditor jointly issue, on a semi-annual basis, a report to the independent non-
executive directors (copied to the corporate governance committee) on the internal controls applicable to
such continuing connected transactions, setting out (among other things) the review and findings relating to
the assessment of the appropriateness and effectiveness of the relevant internal control procedures, and the
recommended enhancements on the relevant internal control procedures (if any). In this respect, sufficient
information regarding such continuing connected transactions and related pricing policies and internal control
procedures has been provided to the independent non-executive directors, who (during the review process
for the period under review) have confirmed that they have not encountered any problems nor difficulties
and have been given ample opportunities to pose questions, request additional information and/or make
suggestions in respect of any such continuing connected transactions and related pricing policies and internal
control procedures.


194     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)
Management
The Company’s chief financial officer in his own capacity and on behalf of the Management, after reviewing
and discussing with the Group’s internal audit function the Group’s risk management and internal control
systems as well as the related reports and disclosures made by the Group’s internal audit function and other
relevant stakeholders for the year under review, has provided a confirmation to the audit committee on the
adequacy and effectiveness of the system.

Based on the results of evaluations and representations for the year under review made by the Company’s
chief financial officer in his own capacity and on behalf of the Management and the Group’s internal audit
function respectively, the audit committee is satisfied with the effectiveness of the Group’s internal audit
function and that there is an on-going process for identifying, evaluating and managing the significant risks
faced by the Group that threaten the achievement of its business and strategic objectives, and an effective
and adequate risk management and internal control systems have been in place throughout the year under
review, for safeguarding the interests of shareholders and other key stakeholders such as customers, suppliers,
creditors and employees.

Inside Information
The procedures for the handling and dissemination of inside information and handling enquiries from
authorities (forming part of the Compliance Manual) set out the detailed internal controls, reporting and
authorisation procedures in connection with:

(a)   the handling and dissemination of inside information in compliance with Rule 13.09 of the Listing
      Rules and Part XIVA of the SFO, where recipients of potential inside information (subject to applicable
      confidentiality obligations and dealing restrictions) will notify the leader of a core team designated by
      the Board for assessment and (as appropriate) reporting to the Chairman of the Board (or, failing whom,
      any executive director of the Company) for further assessment and (as appropriate and to the extent
      practicably feasible) escalation to the Board to finally assess any disclosure need in compliance with Rule
      13.09 of the Listing Rules and Part XIVA of the SFO in respect of the potential inside information.

(b)   the handling of enquiries from competent authorities (including the Stock Exchange and the Hong
      Kong Securities and Futures Commission), who may make enquiries with the Company on (among other
      things) unusual movements in the price or trading volume of the Company’s shares under Rule 13.10
      of the Listing Rules or media news or compliance with the Listing Rules, the SFO or other applicable
      laws and regulations, and such enquiries will be handled through the designated core team and (as
      appropriate) the Chairman of the Board (or, failing whom, any executive director of the Company) for
      further assessment and (as appropriate and to the extent practicably feasible) escalation to the Board to
      finally assess proper disclosure.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025          195
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code, and has formulated and adopted the Authorisation Procedures
of the Model Code for Securities Transactions by the Directors (the “Authorisation Procedures”) and the
Securities Dealing Policy since 2005 (each as amended and supplemented from time to time). Following specific
enquiry made by the Company, all the directors of the Company have confirmed that they have complied
with the required standards set out in the Model Code, and the requirements laid down by the aforesaid
Authorisation Procedures and Securities Dealing Policy, in respect of the Company’s securities throughout the
year under review.

SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS
The Company has formulated and maintained the shareholders communication policy (forming part of the
Compliance Manual) setting out the framework that the Company has put in place to maintain and promote
effective communication and on-going dialogue with its shareholders so as to enable them to engage actively
with the Company through different means of communication and exercise their rights in the capacity as
shareholders in an informed manner. To this end, the Company strives to ensure that all its shareholders have
ready and timely access to all publicly available information relating to the Company.

On the basis of the views and recommendations from the corporate governance committee, the Board will
annually review the shareholders communication policy to ensure its implementation and effectiveness, and
that the shareholders communication policy will remain relevant to the Company’s needs and reflect both the
then current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice.

The shareholders communication policy provides for (among other things) the Company’s updates to its
shareholders on the Group ’ s latest business developments, financial performance, etc. through its press
releases, annual and interim reports, announcements, circulars and other publications where the Company’s
website (www.fihmobile.com) serves as an effective communication platform between the Company and
(among others) its shareholders.




196     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS (Continued)
The shareholders communication policy also provides for (among other things) the procedures by which
enquiries may be put forward to the Company as follows:

•    The Company’s shareholders may at any time send enquiries (including enquiries to the Board) and
     requests for publicly available information and provide comments and suggestions to the Company.
     Such enquiries, requests, comments and suggestions can be sent through “ Contact Us ” at the
     Company’s website (www.fihmobile.com) or to the company secretary at the following address:

     The Company Secretary of FIH Mobile Limited
     c/o Shenzhen Futaihong Precision Industrial Co., Ltd.
     No. 2, 2nd Donghuan Road
     Longhua District
     Shenzhen City
     Guangdong Province
     518109
     People’s Republic of China

•    For enquiries about their shareholdings in the Company, the shareholders can direct the same to the
     Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited,
     at currently 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong or by email to
     fih@computershare.com.hk, who has been appointed by the Company to handle the shareholders’ share
     registration and related matters.

•    For the verification of his/her capacity as a shareholder, the shareholder making the enquiry, request,
     comment or suggestion shall forthwith upon the Company ’ s request provide: (a) his/her name,
     address and other contact details; (b) the number of the Company’s shares held by him/her; (c) his/her
     written consent to the use, transfer and/or processing of his/her personal data and other information
     provided to the Company for the purpose of verifying his/her capacity as a shareholder; and (d) such
     additional information as the Company may reasonably require for the purposes of such verification.
     The verification process will be conducted by the Company, in consultation with the Company’s Hong
     Kong branch share registrar and other third parties if necessary, to the satisfaction of the Company.
     The Company will proceed to handle the relevant enquiry, request, comment or suggestion following a
     successful verification to its satisfaction.

•    Following a successful verification of the shareholder’s capacity, the company secretary or the handling
     officer of the Company’s investor relations department (as the case may be) will review the relevant
     enquiry, request, comment or suggestion and (as appropriate) forward the same: (a) to the Board (in
     case of the handling officer of the Company’s investor relations department, through the company
     secretary) if the same falls within the Board’s purview; (b) to the members of the relevant Board
     committee (in case of the handling officer of the Company’s investor relations department, through the
     company secretary) if the same falls within such Board committee’s area of responsibility; and (c) to the
     appropriate senior management team members (or their corresponding delegates) if the same relates to
     ordinary business matters.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025          197
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS (Continued)
During the year under review, the Company conducted shareholder engagements from time to time through
various communication channels (including without limitation the 2025 AGM and 2025 EGM as mentioned
below) contemplated by the shareholders communication policy. These engagements primarily involved the
Company’s individual and institutional investors and were facilitated by the Investor Relations (“IR“) team to
ensure professional and consistent dialogue. On an ongoing basis, shareholders directly reached the IR team
via the Company’s website or IR email; the IR team followed up on all enquiries in a timely, transparent, and
equitable manner to ensure information was disseminated fairly to the market without providing any unfair
advantage to any individual parties.

The shareholders communication policy further provides (among other things) that the annual general meetings
and other general meetings of the Company are the primary forum for communication with the shareholders
and for the shareholders’ exchange of views and participation in discussions with the Board.

During the year under review, the 2025 AGM was held on 16 May 2025 and the 2025 EGM was held on 30
December 2025. All the directors of the Company attended the 2025 AGM and the 2025 EGM in person or by
means of video conference facility. The meeting attendance of each director is set out in the section headed
“Board, Committees and General Meeting” above of this report.

At the 2025 AGM, the Company obtained its shareholders’ approval of the agenda items set forth in the 2025
AGM notice attached to the Company’s circular dated 17 April 2025, and immediately after the close of the
2025 AGM, the Company responded to its shareholder’s enquiries on the spot.

At the 2025 EGM, the Company obtained the approval of its independent shareholders for the agenda items
set forth in the 2025 EGM notice attached to the Company’s circular dated 5 December 2025.

On 13 March 2026, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders
communication policy, and based on the foregoing and the different communication channels available to the
Company’s shareholders thereunder and their effectiveness, the Board has considered that during the year
under review and up to 13 March 2026, such policy has been implemented and remained effective and that
the shareholders communication policy has remained relevant to the Company’s needs and reflected both the
then current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice.

Moreover, the shareholders communication policy refers to the Company’s statements regarding corporate
communications which are accessible on the Company’s website, providing for (among other things) the
means of dissemination of corporate communications as well as the shareholders ’ election of the language and
means of receipt of corporate communications.

In the ESG context, please refer to the Company ’ s separate 2025 ESG Report as issued and published
simultaneously upon the issuance and publication of the Company’s 2025 annual report incorporating this
report.




198     FIH MOBILE LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Shareholders’ Right to convene Extraordinary General Meeting and Add Resolutions
to Meeting Agenda
The Company has formulated and maintained the memorandum on shareholder rights (forming part of the
Compliance Manual). The memorandum on shareholder rights sets out (among other things) its shareholders’
right to convene the Company’s extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) and right to add resolutions to the
meeting agenda of the EGM as follows:

•     Pursuant to Article 68 of the Articles, the relevant shareholder(s) is/are entitled to convene an EGM
      upon written requisition in the following manner for transaction of any business or resolution specified
      on such written requisition:

      (a)   Upon the written requisition of any one or more shareholders deposited at the principal place
            of business of the Company in Hong Kong specifying the objects of the EGM and signed by
            the requisitionist(s), provided that such requisitionist(s) held as at the date of deposit of the
            requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company which carries the
            right of voting at general meetings of the Company. Such requisitionist(s) shall also be able to
            add resolutions to the meeting agenda of the EGM convened upon his/their written requisition,
            provided that such additional resolutions shall be deposited at the principal place of business of
            the Company in Hong Kong not less than 15 business days before the EGM; or

      (b)   Upon the written requisition of any one Shareholder who is a recognised clearing house (as
            defined in the Articles) or its nominee(s) deposited at the principal place of business of the
            Company in Hong Kong specifying the objects of the EGM and signed by the requisitionist,
            provided that such requisitionist held as at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than
            one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company which carries the right of voting at general
            meetings of the Company. Such requisitionist shall also be able to add resolutions to the
            meeting agenda of the EGM convened upon its written requisition, provided that such additional
            resolutions shall be deposited at the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong
            not less than 15 business days before the EGM.

•     If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition proceed duly to
      convene the EGM to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) himself/herself/themselves (or
      any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them) may convene the
      EGM in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which EGMs may be convened by the Board,
      provided that any EGM so convened shall not be held after the expiration of 3 months from the date of
      deposit of the requisition, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the
      failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to him/her/them by the Company.

Procedures for Shareholders’ Enquiries
The Company has formulated and maintained the shareholders communication policy (forming part of the
Compliance Manual) setting out (among other things) the procedures by which enquiries may be put to
the Board as more particularly described in the section headed “Shareholder and Other Key Stakeholder
Communications — Communications with Shareholders” above of this report.



                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025          199
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (Continued)
Shareholders’ Right to put forward Proposals at General Meetings
The Company has formulated and maintained the procedures for shareholders to propose candidates for
election as a director of the Company (forming part of the Compliance Manual), which is accessible on the
website of the Company. In relation to other proposals which may be put forward at the Company’s general
meetings, the Company has formulated and maintained the memorandum on shareholder rights (forming part
of the Compliance Manual). The memorandum on shareholder rights provides for (among other things) the
following:

•     In the absence of any general mechanism for the shareholders to put forward other proposals at the
      Company’s general meetings (including, for the avoidance of doubt, to add resolutions to the meeting
      agenda of any such general meetings) under the Cayman Islands Companies Act in force for the time
      being, the shareholder(s) can submit a written requisition (in hard copy form or in electronic form) to
      move a proper resolution at a general meeting of the Company if such shareholder(s) individually or
      collectively represent(s) as at the date of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of
      the Company which carries the right of voting at general meetings of the Company.

•     The written requisition shall:

      a.       state the resolution, accompanied by a statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect
               to the matter referred to in the proposed resolution or other business to be dealt with at the
               relevant general meeting;

      b.       be authenticated by way of the signature(s) of all the requisitionist(s), which may be contained in
               one document or in several documents in like form; and

      c.       be deposited at the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong not less than
               15 business days before the relevant general meeting. The current address of the Company’s
               principal place of business in Hong Kong is as follows:

               8th Floor, Peninsula Tower
               538 Castle Peak Road
               Cheung Sha Wan, Kowloon
               Hong Kong
               Attention: The Company Secretary

Constitutional Documents
During the year under review, the Company had adopted the fourth amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association of the Company on 16 May 2025 pursuant to the Company’s shareholders’ approval at
the 2025 AGM. For details of the amendments to the Company’s pre-existing memorandum and articles of
association, please refer to the Company’s circular dated 17 April 2025. An up-to-date consolidated version
of the Company’s fourth amended and restated Memorandum and Articles of Association is available on the
websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company respectively.




200        FIH MOBILE LIMITED
