NEW CHINA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LTD.
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Stock Code : 01336




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report
IMPORTANT INFORMATION

1   The board of directors and directors, and members of senior management of the Company guarantee
    the correctness, accuracy and completeness of the contents of this report, and that there is no false
    representation, misleading statement or material omission in this report, and are legally liable for this
    report jointly and severally.


2   The Annual Report 2025 of the Company was considered and approved at the 5th meeting of the
    ninth session of the Board on 27 March 2026, which 10 directors were required to attend and 10 of
    them attended in person.


3   The consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Company were audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    in accordance with International Standards on Auditing, and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu issued the
    standard unqualified audit report.


4   Mr. YANG Yucheng, the Chairman of the Company, Mr. GONG Xingfeng, the President and Financial
    Principal of the Company, Mr. PAN Xing, the Chief Actuary of the Company and Ms. HE Zhangmei,
    the Head in charge of Accounting Department of the Company, guarantee the correctness, accuracy
    and completeness of financial statements in the Annual Report 2025.


5   The Company distributed 2025 interim cash dividend of RMB0.67 (inclusive of tax) per share to all
    shareholders, approximately RMB2,090 million in total. The Company proposes to distribute 2025 final
    cash dividend of RMB2.06 (inclusive of tax) per share to all shareholders, approximately RMB6,426
    million in total. The proposed total cash dividend for the year 2025 amounted to RMB8,516 million,
    increasing by 7.9% year on year, representing approximately 25.1% of net profit attributable to
    shareholders of the Company after deducting non-recurring items and 23.5% of net profit attributable
    to shareholders of the Company as contained in the 2025 financial statements of the Company. The
    above final dividend distribution plan is subject to the approval of shareholders’ general meeting.


6   The forward-looking statements such as future plans and development strategies in this report do
    not constitute substantive undertakings. Investors are advised to be cautious about investment risks.


7   There is no non-operating usage of funds by the controlling shareholder or its related parties of the
    Company.


8   There is no external guarantee provided by the Company which violates the decision-making procedures
    of the Company.


9   The major risks of the Company include market risk, credit risk, insurance risk, operational risk,
    reputation risk, strategic risk, liquidity risk, etc. The Company has taken various measures to effectively
    manage and control all sorts of risks. Please refer to “Corporate Governance” of this report for details.




                                                          IMPORTANT INFORMATION | ANNUAL REPORT 2025          01
DEFINITIONS




DEFINITIONS

In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms
shall have the meanings set out below:
 the Company, New China Life,            The general term of New China Life Insurance Company Ltd., its
 NCI                                     subsidiaries and its consolidated structured entities

 New China Asset Management
                                         New China Asset Management Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company
 Company

 Asset Management Company                New China Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited, a subsidiary of
 (Hong Kong)                             the Company

 New China Pension Company               New China Pension Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company

 Foundation                              New China Life Foundation

 CIC                                     China Investment Corporation

 Huijin                                  Central Huijin Investment Ltd.

 China Baowu                             China Baowu Steel Group Corporation Limited

 Hwabao Investment                       Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd.

 NFRA                                    National Financial Regulatory Administration

 CBIRC                                   Former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission

 CSRC                                    China Securities Regulatory Commission

 SSE                                     Shanghai Stock Exchange

 SZSE                                    Shenzhen Stock Exchange

 Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
                                         The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
 HKSE

 RMB                                     Renminbi

 pt                                      Percentage point(s)




02        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | DEFINITIONS
                                   People’s Republic of China, for the purpose of this report only,
P.R.C., China
                                   excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan

Company Law                        Company Law of the People’s Republic of China

Insurance Law                      Insurance Law of the People’s Republic of China

Securities Law                     Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China

                                   China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises issued by
P.R.C. GAAP                        the Ministry of Finance of the P.R.C., and its application guide,
                                   interpretation and other related regulations issued thereafter

                                   International Financial Reporting Standards as promulgated by the
IFRS
                                   International Accounting Standards Board

IAS 39, old accounting standards   International Accounting Standards 39 – Financial Instruments:
for financial instruments          Recognition and Measurement

IFRS 4, old accounting standards
                                   International Financial Reporting Standards 4 – Insurance Contracts
for insurance contracts

IFRS 17, new accounting
standards for insurance            International Financial Reporting Standards 17 – Insurance Contracts
contracts

Articles of Association            Articles of Association of New China Life Insurance Company Ltd.

                                   The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
Hong Kong Listing Rules
                                   of Hong Kong Limited

                                   Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
Model Code
                                   as set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules

                                   Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong
Corporate Governance Code
                                   Kong Listing Rules

                                   The Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
SFO
                                   Hong Kong)

Board, Board of Directors          The board of directors of the Company

Board of Supervisors               The board of supervisors of the Company




                                                                     DEFINITIONS | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     03
CONTENTS
           About New China Life
           Section 1   Corporate Information                 19
           Section 2   Business Overview                     21




           Chairman’s Statement
           Section 3   Chairman’s Statement                  25




           Business Performance
           Section 4   Management Discussion and Analysis    31
           Section 5   Embedded Value                        60




           Corporate Governance
           Section 6   Directors, Senior Management and
                       Employees                             69
           Section 7   Corporate Governance                  85
           Section 8   Environmental and Social
                       Responsibility                       116
           Section 9   The Board of Directors Report and
                       Significant Events                   122
           Section 10 Changes in Share Capital and
                       Shareholders’ Profile                131




           Financial Report
           Section 11 Financial Statements                  137
About New China Life
Founded in September 1996, New China Life is a large and nationwide life insurance
company with its headquarters in Beijing. New China Life was listed on the SSE,
stock code: 601336, and the HKSE, stock code: 01336.

New China Life has always been committed to forging China’s leading financial
service group with insurance business at its core, and provides life insurance
products and services for 30.621 million individual customers and 78 thousand
institutional clients through nationwide distribution and service networks. The
Company relies on its subsidiary, New China Asset Management Company, to
make professional utilization of insurance funds, and offers professional pension
insurance services through its another subsidiary, New China Pension Company. The
Company has promoted the development of old-age care and healthcare industries
to boost its life insurance business.

The Company advanced the customer-centric, professional, market-oriented and
systematic reforms, creating a multi-tiered product system based on the needs
of customers’ whole life cycle, building a service ecosystem covering ten major
fields of “medical care, healthcare, old-age care, wealth management, commerce,
taxation, law, education, leisure and culture” and forging first-class investment
management to comprehensively enhance its core competitiveness and to achieve
its high-quality and high-level development.
NCI 2025
The year 2025 marked the conclusion of the “14th Five-Year Plan” and also a crucial
year for NCI as it advanced towards a new stage of high-quality development.
Keeping matters of national significance in mind and upholding the principle of
finance for the people, we forged ahead on the path of serving national strategies,
safeguarding families’ wellbeing and shouldering social responsibilities. In 2025, we
remained committed to pursuing the quality-driven growth, deepened the professional, market-oriented
and systematic reforms and promoted the synergistic development model of “insurance + service +
investment”. With the determination and resolution to tackle tough challenges, we strived to enhance
our market competitiveness and drove our business performance to new heights. The total assets,
gross written premiums (“GWP”), embedded value, net profit, shareholders’ return and total market
capitalization all reached historic highs, delivering the best performance since the Company’s inception.


As of the end of 2025, the total assets of the Company reached approximately RMB1.9 trillion with
year-on-year (“YoY”) growth of 12.2%. In 2025, the Company achieved GWP of RMB195,871 million
with annual growth rate of 14.9%, embedded value of RMB287,840 million with a year-on-year increase
of 11.4%, and net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company RMB36,284 million, increasing
by 38.3% year-on-year. The Company placed great emphasis on sharing its growth outcomes with
investors and proposed to distribute a final cash dividend of RMB2.06 per share (inclusive of tax). The
proposed total cash dividend amounted to RMB8,516 million for the year 2025 (including the distributed
2025 interim cash dividend of RMB2,090 million), increasing by 7.9% year-on-year. Building on strong
business performance and market influence, the Company’s share price continued to rise, with its
increase leading the A share and H share insurance sectors and the market capitalization exceeding
the RMB200 billion mark.


CHAPTER 1 FORGING AHEAD TO ADVANCE THE “FIVE PRIORITIES”
IN FINANCE
In 2025, we enhanced the quality and efficiency of serving national strategies, improved its management
framework, established a dedicated task force and formulated implementation plans for the “five
priorities” in finance, namely technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, pension finance
and digital finance. The investment in serving the “five priorities” in finance exceeded RMB360 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of over 20%.




06     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | NCI 2025
“TECHNOLOGY FINANCE”
EMPOWERING INNOVATION-
DRIVEN GROWTH
We facilitated the development of
technology    innovation     enterprises,
providing protection with sum assured
over RMB1.2 trillion for more than 14
thousand technology-based companies.
We invested in the National Venture
Capital Guidance Fund, the CASSTAR
Fund (中科創星基金), etc., and allocated
to the first batch of sci-tech innovation
bond ETFs and AI chip enterprises. By
the end of 2025, the related investment
reached RMB140 billion, offering financial
support for modern industrial innovation.




                                             “GREEN FINANCE” PRACTICING
                                             SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
                                             We refined our overarching ESG management
                                             framework and integrated climate risk management
                                             into our overall risk management system. We
                                             prioritised investments in areas such as green
                                             bonds and publicly offered REITs in clean energy,
                                             including State Power Investment Corporation’s
                                             clean energy, TBEA’s new energy, Ming Yang Smart
                                             Energy’s new energy, etc. By the end of 2025,
                                             the related investment reached RMB75.1 billion,
                                             demonstrating our commitment to supporting
                                             the national energy transition through concrete
                                             actions.




                                                          NCI 2025 | ANNUAL REPORT 2025   07
“INCLUSIVE FINANCE” CONVEYING
WARMTH TO PEOPLE’S LIVELIHOODS
We improved the inclusive insurance product portfolio
and intensified our efforts to promote inclusive insurance
business. In details, we underwrote 46 people’s welfare
insurance projects and filled the gaps in protection
against critical illnesses and high medical expenses
through products tiering and coverage expanding. We
subscribed to multiple ABS products backed by loans
to small and micro-enterprise, consumer finance, and
rental housing REITs, with the investment of around
RMB55.6 billion in the inclusive finance sector to improve   network of counters to provide assistance for elderly

social welfare and consumption. We established “Senior       customers in using smart devices.

Citizen Service Stations” (銀髮服務驛站) at nationwide



                                                                 “PENSION FINANCE” SECURING
                                                                 THE HEALTH OF THE ELDERLY
                                                                 We strengthened our multi-tiered healthcare
                                                                 and old-age care insurance system and launched
                                                                 various healthcare and long-term care insurance
                                                                 products. We vigorously developed the second and
                                                                 third pillars of pension business and accelerated the
                                                                 layout of medical care, healthcare and old-age care
                                                                 ecosystem, and basically completed “Xinhua Yue”
                                                                 healthcare and old-age care communities. And
                                                                 the light, medium and heavy asset model covered
                                                                 the east, west, south, north and central regions,
                                                                 thereby providing customers with high-quality
                                                                 institution-based old-age care services. We also
                                                                 increased investment in the healthcare and old-age
                                                                 care industry with the amount of RMB26.8 billion.




08      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | NCI 2025
“DIGITAL FINANCE” BOOSTING
DIGITAL-INTELLIGENT EFFICIENCY
We vigorously supported enterprises in digital industry
chains such as artificial intelligence (“AI“), cloud
computing and big data, with the investment over
RMB68 billion. We also invested in the country’s first
batch of data centers to back up the development of
new infrastructure. We built a smart marketing system
to enhance the intelligent services in policy application
and claims settlement, strengthened cybersecurity and
promoted digital transformation in all aspects.



CHAPTER 2 DEEPENING REFORM & INNOVATION TO CONSOLIDATE
THE FOUNDATION FOR HIGH-QUALITY DEVELOPMENT
We continued to deepen the professional, market-oriented and systematic reforms, focusing on strategic
mainlines of “customer at the center, sales team as the foundation and employee as the partner”.
We adopted a set of reform and transformation measures to gain the competitive edge in the market.




INSTITUTION & MECHANISM REFORM
We intensified our top-level design and institutionalized   We enhanced the AI application and technological
operation, consolidated the synergistic development         empowerment, and optimized financial resource
model of “insurance + service + investment”, and            allocation and evaluation mechanisms. We remained
established a new modern marketing concept of               committed to building the strong headquarters, using
“product + service + scenario + technology”. Reforms        its strength to drive the growth of our branches, and
were advanced to optimize the organizational structure      upgraded the “Strong Foundation Initiative” (「強基工
in the headquarters and branches, push forward              程」) to Version 2.0 to empower our branches. With the
position and rank frameworks, incentive and restraint       implementation of institution and mechanism reforms,
mechanism and the selection and appointment of cadres.      the Company’s market competitiveness has improved
                                                            significantly.




                                                                             NCI 2025 | ANNUAL REPORT 2025   09
PRODUCT INNOVATION & UPGRADE
We prioritized our flagship products to enhance
their competitiveness and rolled out the transition
to participating insurance, with first year premiums
from long-term participating insurance of RMB11,933
million, marking a substantial breakthrough in product
transformation. We launched cost-efficient protection
type products and enriched the wealth management
product portfolio to meet customers’ differentiated needs
for funds planning. Seizing the opportunity from medical
insurance reform, we introduced “Pharma Assured”
(醫藥無憂), a medical insurance product that achieved
a deep integration of medical insurance and medical
services. We also launched “Healthcare Assured” (康
護無憂), a service-based payment nursing insurance
product that integrated cash payment with nursing
services, thereby promoting the transition from
traditional compensation to a “product + service”
ecosystem, and making the commitment of “Better
Products with NCI” a reality.


WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT
We made efforts to nurture workforce, select, appoint       selection, we adjusted and optimized the leading cadres
and strengthen ranks of leading cadres and professionals    and professionals at the headquarters, branches and
at all levels. Through various methods such as external     subsidiaries, ensuring that the right people were in
recruitment and internal training as well as open           the right positions and that everyone’s potential was
                                                            fully utilized. We also backed our young employees
                                                            from the headquarters to gain practical experience
                                                            at the grassroots and enhance their capabilities,
                                                            effectively strengthening the combat effectiveness of
                                                            NCI’s workforce. Fostering a sense of identity through
                                                            corporate culture, the “NCI Professional Iron Army”
                                                            spirit characterized by professional iron army, pursuit
                                                            of excellence, benevolence and virtue, inheritance and
                                                            innovation, has become the source of strength for all
                                                            staff and sales teams across the Company.



10      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | NCI 2025
QUALITY IMPROVEMENT OF DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS
Individual insurance channel: We optimized               we elevated the strategic positioning of bancassurance
organizational structures and personnel appointment      channel and strengthened top-level design and
for team development, and forged a regular system for    management capabilities. We optimized our layout
team development rooted in basic law and supported       and boosted efficiency through refined management,
by initiatives such as the Talent Cultivation Project    consolidated our foundations and concentrated on the
(育英工程),         Longteng   Fengwu   (龍騰鳳舞),       and    three key indicators of healthy regional institution,
the Whole Life Planner (“WLP”) Entrepreneurship          effective outlet and performing agent. We also
Support Program. We distilled our three decades          reinforced business quality control to raise persistency
of corporate management wisdom into the NCI              ratio. Building on the substantial reduction in cost,
Professional Iron Army Marketing Handbook                bancassurance channel achieved first year premiums
(《新華專業鐵軍營銷工作寶典》) and helped sales                        from long-term insurance of RMB37,934 million and
team refine their management through “Xinzhineng”        new business value of RMB5,273 million, both reaching
(鑫智能) system. The “NCI Great Life Partner” (新華           historic highs.
好人生合夥人), a new media recruitment campaign,
explored pathways for attracting younger and high-       Group insurance: We implemented key reform tasks
quality agents through online platforms. In 2025,        step by step, improved team structure, quality and
the agent headcount in individual insurance channel      capability to boost their efficiency. We continued
stabilised, with productivity per capita rising by 43%   to strengthen outreach to central and state-owned
year-on-year.                                            enterprise customers. The productivity per capita
                                                         increased by 19% year-on-year and operational
Bancassurance channel: Seizing the opportunity from      efficiency improved significantly.
aligning fee experience with registered assumptions,




                                                                            NCI 2025 | ANNUAL REPORT 2025    11
INTELLIGENT OPERATIONS
ACCELERATING
We empowered operations through technology,
providing our sales teams and customers with
streamlined services throughout the entire
process from policy application to claims
settlement. By enabling online underwriting
across all channels, we underwrote 4.57 million
policies throughout the year, our audio and
video recording efficiency led the industry.
Our information updating services achieved
a 96% one-minute ultra-fast completion rate,
and we paid out over RMB42 billion in maturity
benefits and annuities for the year. More than 96% of claim cases could be submitted via online self-service,
and total claims payment reached RMB14.7 billion for the year. Our direct claims settlement service enabled
one-stop payment upon discharge, while our fast claims settlement service achieved payment within seconds.
Smart customer service was available online around the clock to assist customers, and our offline service counters
set up “Senior Citizen Service Stations” to provide warm and caring services for the elderly. Leveraging new
technologies such as AI, our operation platform used intelligent navigation to pinpoint self-service portals. In
claims review, we have implemented the intelligent early warning to accurately identify potential risks, ensuring
efficient case processing. And the “Intelligent Protection Shield” (「保全智盾守護體系」) has been established
to monitor and identify cyber fraud risks, thereby safeguarding rights and interests of customers.




12     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | NCI 2025
DIGITAL & INTELLIGENT TECHNOLOGY LEADING THE WAY
We enhanced our digital and intelligent capabilities centering on large-scale models, and launched 11 intelligent
agents throughout the year. These achieved over 97% problem resolution rates and near-100% accuracy in Q&A,
empowering over 3,500 counter staff and more than 100 thousand agents nationwide to deliver excellent service
experiences. We deployed smart tools such as precisely-assisted consultations, smart customer service, customer
profiling and dynamic recommendations to elevate our customer management. We also upgraded techniques
for audio and video recording of sales team, significantly reducing recording and quality inspection time and
achieving industry-leading service efficiency. We consolidated the foundation for technological advancement,
with data center floor space expanding from 7,000 square metres to 27,000 square metres, increasing core
support capabilities nearly fourfold. The new-generation “Internet Information Superhighway” was established to
achieve a tenfold rise in data transmission efficiency. Our information security also leveled up and met national
standards for critical infrastructure protection. We obtained ISO 22301 Business Continuity Management System
certification, making our service support among the industry’s foremost. We also attained Data Management
Capability Maturity Level 4 certification, elevating data-driven business to new heights.




                                                                            NCI 2025 | ANNUAL REPORT 2025    13
CHAPTER 3 IMPROVING SERVICE ECOSYSTEM TO SIGNIFICANTLY
ENHANCE OUR SERVICES
We implemented the synergistic development model of “insurance + service + investment” and
embraced the new modern marketing concept of “product + service + scenario + technology”. We
continued to forge the five major service brands, including “Xinhua Zun”, “Xinhua An”, “Xinhua Rui”,
“Xinhua Yue” and “Xinhua Kang” (尊安瑞悅康), and build a service ecosystem covering ten fields of
“medical care, healthcare, old-age care, wealth management, commerce, taxation, law, education,
leisure and culture”. That has provided diversified and personalized services to customers and their
families, and put into practice our brand philosophy of “NCI for Enduring Protection, for a Better Life
and for Greater Health”. To date, our service ecosystem has reached more than 4 million individual
customers, with continuous improvements in service awareness and utilization rates.



                                   “XINHUA ZUN”A QUALITY LIFE MANAGER
                              Focusing on quality life and wealth succession, we provided customers
                              and their families with services in health management, intergenerational
                              wealth inheritance, global business travel, and cultural and educational
                              entertainment through excellent resources, professional teams and online
                              platforms, helping customers enjoy a quality life.

         “XINHUA AN”                                                                         “XINHUA KANG”
A GUARDIAN OF HOME-BASED                                                              A FULL-CYCLE HEALTH PARTNER
      OLD-AGE CARE                                                                      Dedicated to providing customers with a
 Specializing in home-based elderly care,                                               full-chain health services covering medical
 we addressed the pain points of the                                                    care, healthcare, disease prevention,
 aging population by offering home-based                                                rehabilitation and nursing, we built a
 old-age care services including “medical                                               new integrated health service system that
 care, rehabilitation nursing and safety                                                encompassed “prevention, management
 monitoring”, helping the elderly customers                                             and protection”.
 enjoy a secure and happy life.




        “XINHUA RUI”                                                                           “XINHUA YUE”
     AN INCLUSIVE PUBLIC                                                                  A NEW EXPERIENCE OF
      WELFARE SERVICE                                                                   TRAVEL-BASED HEALTHCARE
          PROVIDER                                                                         AND OLD-AGE CARE
Devoted to offering inclusive public                                                    Emphasizing on travel-based healthcare
services, including healthcare, old-age care,                                           and old-age care, Xinhua Yue has three
education, legal and tax affairs, business                                              sub-brands, including Xinhua Zunyue
travel, parenting, etc, we effectively tackled                                          (新華尊悅), Xinhua Jiayue (新華嘉悅)
customers’ practical challenges and helped                                              and Xinhua Yiyue (新華怡悅). By the end
enhance their sense of happiness with                                                   of 2025, we put in place 53 healthcare
comprehersive, quality and considerate                                                  and old-age care communities in 37
services.                                                                               cities, covering east, west, south, north
                                                                                        and central China. We carried out 70
                                                                                        travel-based projects in 57 cities at home
                                                                                        and abroad, offering customers diverse
                                                                                        options.
14      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | NCI 2025
CHAPTER 4 FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES TO CREATE A
BETTER LIFE TOGETHER
We have always convinced that the value of an enterprise lies not only in its business performance
but also in its contribution and commitment to the society. We carried out various public welfare
initiatives such as customizing insurance products for rural areas, providing steadfast protection for
sanitation workers for nine consecutive years, and fortifying a lifeline for young people through first-
aid education. With our sense of responsibility and commitment, we are working together to create
a better life for all people.

TARGETED SUPPORT FOR RURAL REVITALIZATION
We launched four exclusive products for “rural revitalization”, tailored to the
risk characteristics of rural residents. We participated in rural revitalization
public welfare insurance projects like “Dingliangzhu” (頂樑柱) and “Jiayou
Baobei” (加油寶貝), benefiting 348 thousand specific rural groups. Throughout
the year, we settled over 5,500 claims with total payment over RMB6.96 million.
We provided fund support for industrial development, security protection and
multi-faceted assistance to Shibing County in Guizhou Province, assisting rural
areas with financial resources.

CARING FOR
SANITATION
WORKERS TO SALUTE
THE ORDINARY
We have carried out the “NCI
Inclusive   Insurance    Public
Welfare Project for Sanitation
Workers Nationwide” (新華保
險關愛全國環衛工人普惠保險
公益項目) for nine consecutive
years, the first public welfare
initiative in China focused on
providing inclusive insurance for sanitation workers. By the end of 2025, the project benefited nearly 6.7 million
sanitation workers. A total of 524 claims have been settled with payment amount of RMB46.639 million.

                                                           FIRST-AID FOR SAFEGUARDING
                                                           WELLBEING
                                                           We focused on first-aid education among young people,
                                                           and partnered with public welfare organizations to
                                                           launch the “Super First-Aid Programme” (超能急救
                                                           班). This initiative has conducted over 100 first-aid
                                                           courses for teenagers nationwide in 2025, cultivating
                                                           the self-rescue and mutual-aid capabilities among the
                                                           new generation while promoting the virtue of helping
                                                           others and acting bravely for justice.
                                                                              NCI 2025 | ANNUAL REPORT 2025   15
BRAND PROTECTION ACCOMPANYING YOUR PEACE
In alignment with the “Healthy China” strategy, we provided insurance
protection for over 20 marathon events, the WTT China Smash, the Jiangsu
Football City League, and other sporting events, achieving the symbiosis
between insurance protection and the spirit of sport. By branding high-speed
trains and leveraging city landmark buildings, major commercial districts,
airports and public transportation, we ensured that our solemn commitment
of “NCI for Enduring Protection, for a Better Life and for Greater Health”
                                                                                 “Xinli Bao“ (「新力寶」), the
resonates deeply with the public.                                              Brand IP Image of “NCI Guardian“




16     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | NCI 2025
                                                           HONORS AND AWARDS



                     Fortune Global 500: No.498 (2025)
                     Fortune China 500: No.129 (2025)
                                     Fortune

         Forbes Global 2000: No.712 Globally, No.89 in China (2025)
                                     Forbes

            The Asia's 500 Most Influential Brands: No.217 (2025)
            The China's 500 Most Valuable Brands: No.82 (2025)
                                World Brand Lab

       World's Top 100 Most Valuable Insurance Brands: No.50 (2025)
           China's Top 500 Most Valuable Brands: No.109 (2025)
                                  Brand Finance

                         Top 50 Global Life Insurers
                                   S&P Global

             List of China's Top 500 Enterprises: No.124 (2025)
                          China Enterprise Confederation

            Insurer Financial Strength (IFS) Rating: “A” (Strong)
                                  Fitch Ratings

         2025 CCTV Finance: Annual Case of Financial Powerhouse
                               China Media Group

2025 Innovative Practices in Building a Financial Powerhouse: “FinTech Case”
                              People’s Daily Online

                            SNSI ESG Rating: AA
                          Sino-Securities Index (“SNSI”)

                2025 Golden Bull Insurance Company Award
                             China Securities Journal

   2025 Ark Award for Insurance Company with High-quality Development
                                 Securities Times

2025 Financial Institution with Exceptional Competitiveness in Brand Building
                              China Business Journal

                  2025 Annual Leading Insurance Company
                           21st Century Business Herald




                                                             NCI 2025 | ANNUAL REPORT 2025   17
CHAPTER 5 FUTURE PROSPECTS EMBARK A NEW CHAPTER AT THIRTY

                                                       Looking ahead, as we mark the 30th anniversary
                                                       of the Company’s inception, we will take serving
                                                       national strategies as our mission, safeguarding
                                                       people’s livelihoods as our principle, and practicing
                                                       a big insurance philosophy as our direction. We will
                                                       resolutely pursue the quality-driven development.
                                                       Efforts will be made to consolidate the strategic
                                                       mainlines of “customer as the center, sales team as
the foundation, and employee as the partner”, and refine the synergistic development model of “insurance
+ service + investment”. We will advance professional, market-oriented and systematic reforms, strengthen
and expand our core insurance business while deepening product transformation and optimizing business
structure. Efforts will be made to improve our diversified service ecosystem encompassing medical care,
healthcare, old-age care, wealth management, etc., thereby elevating our customer management and
services. We will enhance our professional investment management and build a broader investment
landscape for NCI. We will embrace the AI era and foster core digital and intelligent competitiveness across
all domains, including operation, technology and risk control. On the basis of balancing development with
security, we will reinforce risk management, internal control and compliant operation. On the new journey
of Chinese modernization, we will strive to leverage the insurance industry’s role as an economic “shock
absorber” and a social “stabilizer”, and create long-term and stable value for our customers, shareholders
and society.


                                China’s Leading Financial Service Group
                                  with Insurance Business at its Core


                 Insurance                        Service                      Investment

                                      Customer as the Center
                                   Sales Team as the    
                                                     Foundation
                                      Employee as the Partner

                                       NCI for Enduring Protection
                                           NCI for a Better Life
                                         NCI for Greater Health
                                        Better Products with NCI
                                         Better Service with NCI
                                          Better Life with NCI




18     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | NCI 2025
Section 1




CORPORATE INFORMATION

                                        BASIC INFORMATION
 Legal Name in Chinese                     新華人壽保險股份有限公司（「新華保險」）
 Legal Name in English                     NEW CHINA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LTD. (“NCI”)
 Legal Representative                      YANG Yucheng
                                           No.16, East Hunan Road, Yanqing District, Beijing
 Registered Office
                                           (Zhongguancun Yanqing Park)
                                           The Company changed its registered office from No.1, East
 Historic Change of Registered Office      Hunan Road, Yanqing District, Beijing, to current address in
                                           November 2019
 Postal Code                               102100
                                           NCI Tower, A12 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District,
 Place of Business
                                           Beijing
 Postal Code                               100022
                                           31/F, Tower Two, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway
 Place of Business in Hong Kong
                                           Bay, Hong Kong
 Website                                   http://www.newchinalife.com
 Email                                     ir@newchinalife.com
 Customer Service and Complaint Hotline    95567


                                   CONTACT INFORMATION
 Board Secretary/Joint Company
                                           LIU Zhiyong
 Secretary
 Securities Representative                 XU Xiu
 Telephone                                 86-10-85213233
 Fax                                       86-10-85213219
 Email                                     ir@newchinalife.com
                                           NCI Tower, A12 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District,
 Address
                                           Beijing
 Joint Company Secretary                   NG Sau Mei
 Telephone                                 852-35898647
 Fax                                       852-35898359
 Email                                     Jojo.Ng@tmf-group.com
                                           31/F, Tower Two, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway
 Address
                                           Bay, Hong Kong



                                                          ABOUT NEW CHINA LIFE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025       19
Section 1




      INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND PLACE FOR OBTAINING THE REPORT
 Newspaper and Website for Publishing         Economic Information Daily
 Annual Report (A Share)                      http://www.jjckb.cn/

 Websites of Stock Exchange for               http://www.sse.com.cn (A Share)
 Publishing Annual Report                     http://www.hkexnews.hk (H Share)

 Place Where Copies of Annual Report
                                              Board of Directors Office of the Company
 are Kept



                                       STOCK INFORMATION
 Stock Type                                   Stock Exchange                     Stock Name     Stock Code

 A Share                                      The Shanghai Stock Exchange        新華保險           601336

                                              The Stock Exchange of Hong
 H Share                                                                         NCI            01336
                                              Kong Limited



                               OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION
                                              China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited,
 A Share Registrar
                                              Shanghai Branch

 Address                                      No.188 South Yanggao Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai

 H Share Registrar                            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited

                                              Room 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
 Address
                                              Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong

 Domestic Auditor                             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP

 Address                                      30/F, 222 East Yan’an Road, Huangpu District, Shanghai

 Signing Certified Public Accountants         MA Qianlu and YANG Li

 International Auditor                        Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

 Address                                      35/F, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong Kong

 Domestic Legal Advisor                       Fangda Partners

                                              27/F, North Tower, Beijing Kerry Centre, 1 Guang Hua Road,
 Address
                                              Chaoyang District, Beijing

 Hong Kong Legal Advisor                      Clifford Chance LLP

 Address                                      27/F, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong




20      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | ABOUT NEW CHINA LIFE
Section 2




BUSINESS OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW
                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB in millions


          1,899,484 12.2%                                          195,871 14.9%                               111,544 15.9%
                      Total assets                                 Gross written premiums                         Equity attributable to
                                                                                                              shareholders of the Company


                             2.06       RMB per share       3.5%                       36,284                  38.3%
                                     Final dividend (1)                               Net proﬁt attributable to
                                                                                    shareholders of the Company


             287,840                    11.4%                      9,842            57.4%                     135.11% 11.04pt
                    Embedded value                          Value of one year’s new business                    Core solvency margin ratio




MAJOR OPERATING INDICATORS
                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB in millions

                        Total Assets                                                                    Total Revenues
                                                      1,899,484
                             1,692,297                                                                                                155,551
                                           12.2%                                                                  132,044 17.8%
        1,403,257
                    20.6%
                                                                                                      82.7%
                                                                                            72,254




          2023                 2024                       2025                               2023                     2024             2025


          Net Proﬁt Attributable to
        Shareholders of the Company                                                             Gross Written Premiums
                                                          36,284                                                                      195,871
                                                                                            165,903               170,511
                                           38.3%
                               26,229                                                                                        14.9%


                    201.1%

                                                                                                      2.8%
          8,712



          2023                  2024                      2025                               2023                     2024             2025

Note:

1.      The 2025 final dividend is subject to the approval of shareholders’ general meeting. Similarly hereinafter.

                                                                                     ABOUT NEW CHINA LIFE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  21
Section 2




                 Embedded Value                      Value of One Year’s New Business
                                           287,840                                           9,842
      250,510            258,448

                                   11.4%                                            57.4%
                                                                            6,253

                3.2%
                                                               106.8%
                                                       3,024



       2023               2024              2025        2023                2024             2025




     Total Amount of Cash Dividend
            (inclusive of tax)                                 Total Investment Yield
                                                                                             6.6%
                                            8,516
                          7,893                                             5.8%
                                   7.9%                                             0.8pt



                197.6%                                         4.0pt

       2,652                                            1.8%



       2023               2024              2025        2023                2024             2025



                                                                                    Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                  2025/As of                2024/As of
 Key Operating Indicators                               31 December 2025            31 December 2024
 Gross written premiums                                                 195,871                170,511
 Agent headcounts (in thousand)                                             148                      146
 Investment assets                                                     1,841,227             1,629,361
 Total investment yield (%)                                                  6.6                      5.8
 Comprehensive investment yield (%)                                          5.0                      8.5
 Value of one year’s new business                                         9,842                     6,253
 Embedded value                                                         287,840                258,448
 Core solvency margin ratio (%)                                          135.11                  124.07
 Comprehensive solvency margin ratio (%)                                 210.47                  217.55




22      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | ABOUT NEW CHINA LIFE
                                                                  About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                  China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS

PROMINENT BRAND VALUE
The Company adheres to the people-centered value orientation and grounds its brand development in serving
national strategies and safeguarding people’s pursuit of a better life. Focusing on its main responsibilities and
businesses, the Company makes efforts to underpin the real economy and ensure people’s livelihoods, and
strives to play the insurance industry’s role as an economic “shock absorber” and a social “stabilizer”. In 2025,
the Company engaged in public welfare initiatives, and participated in projects such as sponsoring major athletic
events and branding high-speed trains to proactively convey its brand warmth and professional image. Thanks to
its stable operations and exceptional services, the Company has been listed among the “Fortune Global 500”, and
listed in the “World’s Top 50 Most Valuable Insurance Brands” for eleven consecutive years, and in the “Asia’s
Top 500 Brands” for nineteen consecutive years in 2025. The Company received Insurer Financial Strength Rating
(IFSR) at “A2” from Moody’s and Insurer Financial Strength (IFS) Rating at “A” from Fitch.


ROBUST DEVELOPMENT MOMENTUM
The Company advances its “professional, market-oriented and systematic” reforms to drive strategic transformation.
Through in-depth reforms across multiple dimensions, including product system, marketing model, service
ecosystem, incentive and restraint mechanism and technology empowerment, the Company continues to build
a learning-oriented and service-empowering organization, unleashing its internal momentum and organizational
vitality. By integrating top-level design with grassroots practice, the Company shapes the future-oriented core
competitiveness, achieving more robust development momentum and enhancing its capacity for sustainable
development.


SOLID MAIN BUSINESS
Adhering to the essence of life insurance and long-termism, the Company has made efforts to address the needs
of customers’ entire life cycle, enhance product and service competitiveness, optimize the service ecosystem
for healthcare and old-age care, and promote the specialized development of distribution channels to build a
professional, specialized and performance-oriented sales team. The Company provides customers with life-cycle
products and services through nationwide distribution and service networks, establishing a solid and extensive
customer base. In 2025, the Company achieved GWP of RMB195,871 million, with a year-on-year increase of
14.9% and excellent performance in overall operations.




                                                               ABOUT NEW CHINA LIFE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025               23
Section 2




SUPPORTIVE INDUSTRIAL COLLABORATION
The Company improves the synergistic development model of “insurance + service + investment”. On the asset
side, relying on its specialized asset management platform, the Company achieves steady growth in assets scale,
and adopts sound and prudent investment tactics, reinforcing the asset-liability synergy. On the service side,
efforts are made to build a service ecosystem covering ten major fields of “medical care, healthcare, old-age
care, wealth management, commerce, taxation, law, education, leisure and culture”, and unveil service brands
of “Xinhua Zun”,”Xinhua An”,”Xinhua Rui”,”Xinhua Yue” and ”Xinhua Kang”, providing comprehensive services
that cover the whole life cycle of customers and empowering the value growth of insurance business.


PROFESSIONAL AND EFFICIENT MANAGEMENT
The Company possesses an experienced and visionary management team, along with a high-quality and professional
talent team in areas such as underwriting, claims, actuarial and risk management. The Company’s organizational
structure and decision-making mechanism are agile and efficient, with improved efficiency in execution and
operation. In 2025, the Company optimized the “internal cultivation and external recruitment” mechanism,
strengthened staffing and succession planning for key positions, and refined incentive and restraint mechanism
as well as the career development framework for leading cadres, providing solid talent and organizational support
for the Company’s high-quality development.


CORPORATE CULTURE LEADERSHIP
The Company has built a corporate culture in the new era, inherited and summarized its excellent cultural
heritage over nearly three decades, promoted the market-oriented genes of pioneering and fighting, integrated
the financial culture with Chinese characteristics and deepened its commitment to serving the nation and the
people through finance. In 2025, the Company continued to develop its corporate culture, embodying the NCI
spirit of “professional iron army, pursuit of excellence, benevolence and virtue, inheritance and innovation”. The
cultural cohesion and influence were strengthened, which injected enduring spiritual impetus for the long-term
development of the Company.




24      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | ABOUT NEW CHINA LIFE
Section 3




CHAIRMAN‘S STATEMENT




Dear shareholders,


Vast landscapes unfold a new chapter, starlight           reforms. Notable achievements have been made in

shines upon the traveler’s path. The year 2025 has        pursuing high-quality development. Off the high base of

been an extraordinary and inspiring year for NCI. Over    2024, the Company’s total assets reached approximately

the past year, the Company has implemented the            RMB1.9 trillion, GWP approached RMB195,871 million,

decisions and deployments of the Central Committee        embedded value amounted to RMB287,840 million,

of the Communist Party of China (“CPC“) and the State     net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company

Council regarding economic and financial work, pursued    achieved RMB36,284 million, and proposed dividend

the financial development with Chinese characteristics,   totaled RMB8,516 million (inclusive of tax) as of the

served the broader national development agenda, and       year 2025, all hitting record highs. The solvency margin

advanced professional, market-oriented and systematic     ratio remained at a relatively high level. The growth of

                                                             CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025        25
Section 3




our stock price led the A share and H share insurance        our policy-oriented health insurance coverage to 15
sectors with total market capitalization above RMB200        regions. In terms of pension finance, we improved
billion, and the Company was ranked the Fortune              our multi-tiered healthcare and old-age care insurance
Global 500. The Company’s comprehensive strength             system and vigorously developed pension business.
reached new milestones, its core competitiveness was         Cumulative premiums from the commercial pension
significantly enhanced, and its brand influence and          insurance as the third pillar exceeded RMB60 billion, and
market recognition grew substantially. The “14th Five-       the investment in healthcare and old-age care industries
Year Plan” was successfully concluded and delivered          totaled RMB26.8 billion. In terms of digital finance, we
the best performance since the Company’s founding!           intensified investment in the digital industry, invested
                                                             in the country’s first batch of data centers, developed
We have kept our original mission of insurance               the internet insurance business and accelerated our
for the people and conveyed our genuine care                 digital transformation. Regarding rural revitalization,
and warmth to the society over the past year. The            over RMB70 million funds were introduced throughout
Company has adhered to serving national strategies,          the year, reflecting a 15% increase on top of last year’s
strengthened organizational leadership, and established      threefold growth, which created jobs for over 1,000
a dedicated task force and formulated implementation         individuals across eight counties in six provinces. We
plans for the “five priorities” in finance. The related      were honored with the “Best Practice Case of Rural
investment exceeded RMB360 billion, increasing by            Revitalization by Listed Companies”.
over 20% year on year and accomplishing remarkable
results in serving the real economy. The compensation        We grounded in the present while planning for
amounted to RMB14.7 billion throughout the year, and         the future over the past year, and mapped out
the cumulative compensation exceeded RMB136.8                our development direction for the "15th Five-Year
billion since the inception of the Company, demonstrating    Plan". Guided by the big insurance philosophy and
the people-centered and political-oriented financial work.   anchored to our vision of forging “China’s leading
In terms of technology finance, we acted on the call         financial service group with insurance business at its
to “invest in early-stage, small-scale, long-term and        core”, we have initiated the formulation of both the
hard technologies”. The investment in hard-tech sectors      overarching strategy and subordinate strategic plans
such as semiconductors, AI and biomedicine reached           for the “15th Five-Year Plan”. Through three seminars
RMB140 billion, with the annual growth rate of 27%.          and a series of extensive and in-depth researches, we
In terms of green finance, focusing on areas such as         have formed a comprehensive strategic management
new energy, we enriched our supply of exclusive green        system comprising “one master plan + multiple key sub-
insurance products, cumulatively served over 7,600           plans + various subsidiary and branch plans”, thereby
green related enterprises by the end of 2025 and were        ensuring full coverage of the headquarters, subsidiaries
awarded several key honors including the “ESG Excellent      and branches. And we have identified three strategic
Case” from the Ministry of Ecology and Environment.          mainlines: “customer as the center, sales team as the
In terms of inclusive finance, we provided protection        foundation, and employee as the partner”. Furthermore,
with sum assured over RMB2.7 trillion for more than          the synergistic development model of “insurance +
64 thousand small and micro enterprises, undertook           service + investment” was detailed, making our future
46 people’s welfare insurance projects, and expanded         development direction more concrete and clear.




26      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                                    About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                    China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




We made substantial progress in our strategic              We leveraged the advantages of medium- and long-
priorities   in   the   past   year,   achieving   new     term funds in the past year and established NCI as
breakthroughs in high-quality and high-level               a model for insurance funds entering the capital
development. The business transformation made              market. Adhering to the principle of long-term, value-
significant strides. We prioritized the transition to      oriented and prudent investment, we were among the
participating insurance business and mobilized the         first to respond to the call for insurance funds to enter
front, middle and back-office resources to provide full    the capital market and invested RMB46.25 billion to
support, resulting in a notable success in transition      jointly establish three pilot funds in partnership with
to participating insurance. Product innovation made        industry peers. We also involved in the National Venture
great progress. We upgraded the product system             Capital Guidance Fund in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei
from “economic compensation” to “serviced-based            region, and increased allocations to high-quality equity
protection”. In 2025, we launched a series of innovative   assets resilient to the low-interest-rate challenges.
products, including Pharma Assured and Healthcare          These endeavors have fostered a more resilient and
Assured, which quickly became hot topics among the         diversified asset allocation structure and achieved the
media and customers, reinforcing our brand slogan          integration of “scale, return and stability” within the
“Better Products with NCI”. The marketing system           investment portfolio. Our total investment yield for
made a breakthrough. We shifted from traditional           the year 2025 reached 6.6%, maintaining a leading
life insurance marketing to the new modern marketing       position in the industry. Recognized for our exceptional
model integrating “products + services + scenarios +       investment strength and long-term, steady investment
technology”. We planned a healthy development path         performance, we secured seven major awards at the
for both self-managed and institutionalized operations     5th Insurance Investment Golden Bull Awards hosted by
of sales team, while promoting the reform of building      China Securities Journal. And our efforts in channeling
a high-performing agent team with strong units (「強部        medium- and long-term funds into the capital market
優組」), which invigorated the entrepreneurial spirit of      were selected as an outstanding case for the “2025

sales team. The service ecosystem made remarkable          CCTV Finance: Annual Case of Financial Powerhouse”.

progress. We upgraded five service brands, namely
“Xinhua Zun, Xinhua An, Xinhua Rui, Xinhua Yue and         We solidified our foundational management to
Xinhua Kang”, completed the nationwide layout of           fortify the Company’s high-quality development in
over 120 healthcare and old-age care communities,          the past year. The “Strong Foundation Initiative” was
and travel-based projects, significantly enhancing our     upgraded to Version 2.0, focusing on talent, training,
services. Operational efficiency saw a breakthrough.       workplace and policies to revitalize grassroots. This
Two smart tools, “Zhangshang NCI (掌上新華)” and               initiative was selected as the “2025 Financial High-
“New Era system” (新時代系統) were updated. System              Quality Development Case” by Financial News. We
response time and stability significantly strengthened,    proactively followed the regulation on aligning fee
while the time for audio and video recording reduced,      experience with registered assumptions, formulated a
and service efficiency led the industry.                   dedicated plan to reduce costs and improve efficiency,
                                                           and    helped     subordinate       institutions    shift    their




                                                                 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025               27
Section 3




development mindsets. We selected and strengthened         The year 2026 marks the 105th anniversary of the
ranks of leading cadres and professionals, recruiting a    founding of CPC, the commencement of the “15th Five-
large number of high-calibre professionals in key fields   Year Plan” and the 30th anniversary of the establishment
such as healthcare and old-age care, technology and        of NCI. In future, factors such as demographic shifts,
investment. We established a group-wide, penetrating,      technological innovation, industrial upgrading, and the
all-round and intelligent risk management system, and      reallocation of household wealth will accelerate the
maintained a stable and sound comprehensive risk rating.   transformation of the insurance industry’s functional
We summarized and distilled our corporate values and       positioning and business model, placing higher
launched the campaign to promote corporate culture,        requirements for the Company’s operation and reform.
which stimulated the entrepreneurial enthusiasm of         In the new year, we will remain true to our original
our employees. We branded high-speed trains and            aspiration and mission of serving the nation and the
sponsored marathon events, the Jiangsu Football City       people through finance, strengthen political leadership
League and the WTT China Smash, further enhancing          and uphold strategic planning. With a competitive spirit
the brand image as “NCI for Enduring Protection, for a     and a commitment to excellence, we will enhance our
Better Life and for Greater Health”.                       long-term competitiveness and operational quality and
                                                           efficiency. This will secure a strong start to our “15th
The achievements of 2025 are attributable to the           Five-Year Plan” and embark on a new journey of the
dedicated efforts of all staff over more than two years    Company’s high-quality development for the next three
of reform and hard work, as well as the support and        decades.
trust from shareholders and the broader community.
On behalf of the Board and management team, I would        We will steadfastly advance the “five priorities”
like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders   in finance, integrating ourselves into the broader
for your care and support! We always share the fruits      national and regional socio-economic landscape.
of the Company’s high-quality development with             Adhering to our functional positioning as the economic
our shareholders. In 2025, the Company proposed            “shock absorber“ and social “stabilizer”, economic
to distribute cash dividends of RMB8,516 million           safety net, social security net and disaster prevention net,
(including distributed interim dividend of RMB2,090        we will inject more patient capital into the strategy for
million), representing a growth of 7.9% compared with      self-reliance and strength in science and technology. We
that of 2024. Over the past 15 years since listing, NCI    will expand the products supply of pension and inclusive
has cumulatively distributed cash dividends of around      finance, build a service system integrating “green
RMB44.5 billion to its shareholders. Looking ahead, we     insurance, green investment and green operation”, and
will repay your trust and expectations with concrete       accelerate the Company’s digital transformation. We
actions and tangible achievements!                         will persist in targeted assistance, aligning the needs of
                                                           rural areas with NCI’s capabilities to yield more iconic
                                                           outcomes.




28      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                                   About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate    Financial
                                                                   China Life   Statement Performance Governance     Report




We will uphold the correct approach to assessing           We will devote to foundational work that builds
performance and embrace the big insurance                  long-term benefits and future momentum, providing
philosophy, and pursue inward-focused and high-            strong support for high-quality development. We
quality development. Centering on value and efficiency,    will continue our commitment to building a robust
we will create a virtuous cycle across insurance,          headquarters, using its strength to make branches
investment and service. We will strengthen and expand      better and stronger and to boost capabilities of our
our core insurance business, push forward the transition   subordinated institutions and sales teams. We will
towards protection type products such as long-term         maintain a balance between development and security,
premium-payment products and health insurance, to          improve and implement our risk control system. We
boost the competitiveness of our core business, and        will increase investment in technology to bolster AI
enhance the endogenous momentum for high-quality           empowerment across all scenarios.
development.
                                                           At the age of thirty, we will embark upon a new
We will prioritize targeted investments in strategically   chapter. Standing at the new starting point of high-
key areas to build solid and sustainable competitive       quality development in our thirtieth year, we will
advantages for the Company’s operation. We                 firmly grasp the baton of our times, and carry forward
will advance team development from a strategic             NCI’s excellent traditions. We shall uphold the Party’s
perspective, and build a professional, specialized and     leadership and corporate culture as our guiding spirit,
performance-oriented development path for our sales        chart our course through strategic vision, hoist the sails
team. We will strengthen our bancassurance channel         of competitive courage and unwavering resolve, ignite
and outlet network, while enhancing group insurance        our engines with comprehensive innovation, and fortify
and internet insurance businesses. Deepening the           our foundations with organizational talent. Thus shall
integration of products and services, we will accelerate   we make greater contributions to the broader national
the development of a distinctive and branded service       agenda, create higher value for our shareholders, provide
ecosystem that better meets customers’ needs.              better products and services for our customers, and
                                                           offer a vast stage for our employees to realize their
We will strengthen our investment management               full potential!
capabilities to solidify the investment foundation
for enduring protection. By embracing an investment
ecosystem and scenario-based investment perspective,                                                    YANG Yucheng
we will collaborate with industry leaders, research                                                                Chairman
institutions and peer organizations to co-create an                                                       27 March 2026
investment ecosystem. We will improve asset-liability
coordination, optimize our asset allocation structure
and refine our investment research system. We shall
conduct our investment activities with a strong sense
of responsibility and “respecting for every premium”.




                                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 29
Business
Performance
Section 4




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

FINANCIAL ANALYSIS
Major accounting data and financial indicators
                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB in millions

 Key accounting data                                    2025             2024         Change                2023       2022(1)         2021(1)

 Total revenues                                    155,551           132,044            17.8%              72,254    209,481         220,027
 Profit before income tax                            40,525           28,141            44.0%               5,515       6,507          15,670
 Net profit attributable to
     shareholders of the Company                     36,284           26,229            38.3%               8,712       9,822          14,947
 Net cash flows from operating
     activities                                    110,916            96,290            15.2%              91,548     89,385           73,853


                                                  As at 31          As at 31                          As at 31       As at 31        As at 31
                                                December         December                           December        December        December
                                                                                                                              (1)
                                                        2025             2024         Change                2023       2022            2021(1)

 Total assets                                    1,899,484        1,692,297             12.2%        1,403,257      1,255,044       1,127,721
 Total liabilities                               1,787,906        1,596,028             12.0%        1,298,165      1,152,139       1,019,207
 Equity attributable to
     shareholders of the Company                   111,544            96,240            15.9%             105,067    102,884          108,497

Note:

1.      The data of 2022 and 2021 in the above table is under IFRS 4 and IAS 39, similarly hereinafter.




                                                                                 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 31
Section 4




 Key financial indicators                2025         2024   Change        2023        2022        2021

 Basic weighted average
   earnings per share attributable
   to shareholders of the
   Company (RMB)                        11.63         8.41    38.3%         2.79        3.15        4.79
 Diluted weighted average
   earnings per share attributable
   to shareholders of the
   Company (RMB)                        11.63         8.41    38.3%         2.79        3.15        4.79
 Weighted average return
   on equity attributable to
   shareholders of the Company         34.69%       25.88%    8.81pt      7.94%       9.29%      14.22%
 Weighted average net cash
   flows from operating activities
   per share (RMB)                      35.55        30.86    15.2%       29.34       28.65       23.67


                                      As at 31    As at 31              As at 31    As at 31    As at 31
                                     December    December              December    December    December
                                         2025         2024   Change        2023        2022        2021
 Net assets per share
   attributable to shareholders of
   the Company (RMB)                    35.75        30.85    15.9%       33.68       32.98       34.77




32      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                                          About New      Chairman’s  Business   Corporate        Financial
                                                                                          China Life     Statement Performance Governance         Report




Other key financial and regulatory indicators
                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB in millions

                                                         2025/             2024/                                2023/             2022/           2021/
                                                      As at 31         As at 31                             As at 31          As at 31         As at 31
                                                   December          December                             December           December         December
                                                                                                                                        (1)
 Indicators                                               2025              2024          Change                 2023            2022                2021

 Reinsurance contracts assets                           11,065            10,812              2.3%              9,802            10,590                 –(3)
 Insurance contract liabilities                     1,532,638         1,366,090             12.2%          1,146,497         1,013,191                  –
 Insurance revenue                                      50,297            47,812              5.2%             48,045            56,878                 –
 Insurance service expenses                            (31,748)          (31,575)             0.5%            (33,252)          (33,789)                –
 Net expenses from reinsurance
     contracts held                                        (415)             (335)          23.9%                 (767)              706                –
 Finance expenses from insurance
     contracts issued                                  (78,162)          (61,185)           27.7%             (26,800)          (43,129)                –
 Finance income from reinsurance
     contracts held                                         324               338            -4.1%                261                220                –
                     (2)
 Surrender rate                                           1.5%              1.9%             -0.4pt             1.9%               1.8%              2.0%


Notes:

1.       The data of 2022 in the above table has been restated according to the requirements of IFRS 17. The transition date of IFRS 17 was 1 January
         2022.

2.       Surrender rate = surrenders/(balance of life insurance and long-term health insurance contract liabilities at the beginning of the period + premium
         income of long-term insurance contracts). The indicator is calculated on the basis of IFRS 4.

3.       “–” represents N/A.



The reasons of the change of main financial indicators
                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB in millions

                                                    2025/As at      2024/As at
                                                  31 December 31 December
 Indicators                                               2025            2024         Change     Main reason(s) for change
 Total assets                                        1,899,484       1,692,297           12.2%    Growth of insurance business and appreciation of
                                                                                                       investment assets
 Total liabilities                                   1,787,906       1,596,028           12.0%    Growth of insurance contract liabilities
 Equity in total                                       111,578          96,269           15.9%    Annual profit attainment
 Net profit attributable to shareholders of the         36,284          26,229           38.3%    The investment performance increased year on year
     Company


The discrepancy between the P.R.C. GAAP and the IFRS Accounting Standards
There is no difference between the consolidated net profit of the Company for the year 2025 and the consolidated
equity of the Company as at 31 December 2025 as stated in the financial statements prepared in accordance with
the IFRS Accounting Standards and the P.R.C. GAAP.

                                                                                     BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                        33
Section 4




The items and reasons for the change beyond 30% in the consolidated financial
statements
                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB in millions

                                                       As at        As at
                                                 31 December 31 December
 Balance sheet                                         2025          2024     Change Main reason(s) for change

 Investments in associates and joint ventures         65,633       30,245     117.0% New investments in associates and joint ventures
 Financial assets purchased under                     13,999        5,436     157.5% Requirement of liquidity management
    agreements to resell
 Other assets                                          6,095        9,658      -36.9% Decrease in receivables for settlement of investment
                                                                                       securities
 Borrowings                                           20,173       30,384      -33.6% Redemption of capital supplementary bonds during the year
 Other liabilities                                    30,337       18,473      64.2% Issuance of asset funding plan
 Deferred tax liabilities                               747           200     273.5% Increase in deductible temporary differences


                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB in millions

 Income statement                                      2025          2024     Change Main reason(s) for change

 Other investment income                              72,067       51,215      40.7% Increase in gains from disposal of investments
 Other income                                           672         1,100      -38.9% Impacts of foreign exchange market volatility
 Share of profits and losses of associates and         5,659          528     971.8% Increase in investment income from associates
    joint ventures
 Net impairment losses on other assets                         –    (1,190)   -100.0% No provision for impairment losses of other assets in the
                                                                                       current year
 Profit before income tax                             40,525       28,141      44.0% Investment performance increased year-on-year
 Income tax expense                                   (4,236)       (1,908)   122.0% Increase in profit before income tax year-on-year
 Net profit for the year                              36,289       26,233      38.3% Investment performance increased year-on-year
 Net profit attributable to shareholders              36,284       26,229      38.3% Investment performance increased year-on-year
    of the Company
 Total other comprehensive income for                (12,592)      (30,710)    -59.0% Decrease in insurance contract financial fluctuations losses
    the year, net of tax                                                               recognised in other comprehensive income




34         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                   About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                   China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




BUSINESS ANALYSIS
Trend of insurance industry
In 2025, China’s macro-economy moved forward despite pressures, achieving progress in pursuit of innovation
and quality. The cultivation of new quality productive forces accelerated, while reform and opening-up advanced
comprehensively, which laid a solid foundation for and injected strong impetus into the high-quality development
of insurance industry. Driven by regulatory guidance and market demand, the life insurance industry entered into
a critical period of deepening transformation, demonstrating a sound momentum in steady progress. Regulatory
policies such as the “dynamic adjustment of assumed interest rates for life insurance” and “marketing system
reform” were implemented to regulate market order and safeguard the healthy and sustainable development
of the industry. Meanwhile, regulators proactively encouraged long-term fund to enter the capital market. The
advantages of insurance funds as patient capital became increasingly prominent. More investments in technological
innovation and the development of new quality productive forces were added and played a vital role in serving
the real economy through finance. Against this background, the Company resolutely implemented the decisions
and deployments of the CPC Central Committee, practiced the big insurance philosophy, advanced high-quality
development and transformation, and focused on its core business to serve the national economy and people’s
livelihoods. The Company’s core business indicators grew steadily, market position remained solid, and the effects
of transformation continued to emerge.


Insurance business
In 2025, the Company upheld the general principle of seeking progress while maintaining stability, and adhered to
the high-quality development that achieved both volume and value enhancement, as well as quality and structure
optimization. The Company has provided specialized and comprehensive insurance protection for various customers,
including individuals, families and enterprises. Efforts were made to promote the integrated development of
products and services, and strengthen the diversified distribution channels of individual insurance, bancassurance,
group insurance and internet insurance, as well as the nationwide service network of the Company. As a result,
the Company’s value has been significantly enhanced, its business structure optimized, and business quality
improved, leading to more robust development quality and internal momentum.




                                                              BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 35
Section 4




            GWP: RMB   195,871        Business volume
            million                   In 2025, the Company achieved GWP of RMB195,871 million with year-on-year growth
            YoY increase of           rate of 14.9%. First year premiums (“FYP”) from long-term insurance business totaled
            14.9%                     RMB57,782 million, increasing by 48.9% year on year. Among those, first year regular
                                      premiums (“FYRP”) from long-term insurance business amounted to RMB37,200 million,
                                      increasing by 36.7% year on year. And renewal premiums amounted to RMB134,167
                                      million with annual growth rate of 4.9%. The agent headcounts (contracted sales agents)
                                      in all distribution channels of the Company reached 148,183, showing a slight increase
                                      compared with that of 2024.


            NBV: RMB  9,842 million   New business value
            YoY increase of           In 2025, the value of one year’s new business realized RMB9,842 million, up by 57.4%
            57.4%                     year on year. The new business value (“NBV”) margin reached 16.2% based on first year
                                      premiums, increasing by 1.5pt compared with that of 2024.

            FYRP from long-term
                                      Business structure
            insurance business
                                      The Company’s regular premium business continued to grow, with first year regular
            accounting for
                                      premiums from long-term insurance business accounting for 64.4% of first year premiums
            64.4% of FYP from         from long-term insurance business. The transition to participating insurance products
            long-term insurance
                                      achieved initial results, with the proportion of participating insurance in overall regular
            business
                                      premium business increasing quarter by quarter and reaching 77.0% in the fourth quarter.
                                      Renewal premiums accounted for 68.5% of GWP, maintaining a “solid contributor” to
                                      GWP. First year business and renewal business developed jointly to boost stable growth
                                      in the Company’s premium income.


            13  -month                Business quality
            persistency ratio:        The Company also strengthened business quality control, and improved institutionalized
            YoY increase of   1.4pt   operation and closed-loop management, thereby solidifying the long-term mechanism for
            25-month                  quality management and achieving comprehensive enhancement of business quality. The
            persistency ratio:        13-month persistency ratio of individual life insurance business was 97.1%, representing
            YoY increase of   7.1pt   a year-on-year increase of 1.4pt. The 25-month persistency ratio was 93.3%, up by 7.1pt
                                      year on year. The surrender rate was 1.5% in 2025, decrease of 0.4pt compared with
                                      that of last year.




36      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                                      About New     Chairman’s  Business   Corporate    Financial
                                                                                      China Life    Statement Performance Governance     Report




                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB in millions

 For the 12 months ended 31 December                                                                2025              2024             Change

 GWP                                                                                           195,871            170,511               14.9%
     First year premiums from long-term insurance business                                         57,782           38,811              48.9%
         Regular premiums                                                                          37,200           27,220              36.7%
          Regular premiums with payment periods of ten years or
             more                                                                                   2,949            3,443             -14.3%
         Single premiums                                                                           20,582           11,591              77.6%
     Renewal premiums                                                                          134,167            127,925                4.9%
     Premiums from short-term insurance business                                                    3,922            3,775               3.9%


Notes:

1.        Numbers may not be additive due to rounding. Similarly hereinafter.

2.        The GWP and premiums mentioned above are calculated pursuant to IFRS 4. Similarly hereinafter.




Analysis by distribution channels
                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB in millions

 For the 12 months ended 31 December                                                                2025              2024             Change

 Individual insurance channel
     First year premiums from long-term insurance business                                         19,647           13,718              43.2%
         Regular premiums                                                                          19,027           13,235              43.8%
         Single premiums                                                                             620               483              28.4%
     Renewal premiums                                                                              99,828         101,071               -1.2%
     Premiums from short-term insurance business                                                    1,106            1,181              -6.4%
 Total                                                                                         120,581            115,970                4.0%
 Bancassurance channel
     First year premiums from long-term insurance business                                         37,934           24,905              52.3%
         Regular premiums                                                                          17,974           13,873              29.6%
         Single premiums                                                                           19,960           11,032              80.9%
     Renewal premiums                                                                              34,154           26,755              27.7%
     Premiums from short-term insurance business                                                       14                14              0.0%
 Total                                                                                             72,102           51,674              39.5%
 Group insurance
     First year premiums from long-term insurance business                                           201               188               6.9%
     Renewal premiums                                                                                185                 99             86.9%
     Premiums from short-term insurance business                                                    2,802            2,580               8.6%
 Total                                                                                              3,188            2,867              11.2%
 GWP                                                                                           195,871            170,511               14.9%




                                                                                BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                    37
Section 4




Individual life insurance business

Individual insurance channel
The individual insurance channel adhered to its high-quality development,          19.4%
enhanced both business volume and value and accelerated the shift towards
                                                                                   YoY growth in NBV of individual
participating insurance. With institutionalized operation as the core driver,
                                                                                   insurance channel
the Company systematically elevated the channel’s professional operation
capabilities through five major measures.


In terms of channel management, the Company strengthened the top-
level design, implemented institution frameworks, and deepened the
“headquarters as the architect, branches as front-line operators” model to
reinforce coordination and collaboration across all levels.


In terms of team building, the Company insisted on the team-driven
approach. Guided by basic law and honor system, combined with diversified
talent recruitment and cultivation policies, the Company consolidated the          43.8%
foundation for recruiting high-quality agents on a regular basis. Relying on the
                                                                                   YoY growth in the FYRP from
entrepreneurial support program, the Company persistently increased the
                                                                                   long-term insurance business
proportion of younger agents and those with higher education qualifications,
while fostering a strong team of high-performing agents. Through tailored
cultivation and empowerment, the Company enhanced the productivity
of core agents, inspired their “entrepreneurial spirit”, and reinforced the
internal driving force and value orientation of sales team.


In terms of product promotion, the Company practiced the competitive
strategy of “Better Products with NCI” and remained customer-centric
philosophy to meet customers’ diversified needs for insurance protection.
In line with industry trends and regulatory guidance, the Company fully            43.0%
leveraged the advantages of patient capital, prioritized the shift towards
                                                                                   YoY growth in the monthly average
participating insurance products, particularly raising the proportion
                                                                                   comprehensive       productivity   per
of participating insurance with payment periods of ten years or more.
                                                                                   capita
Meanwhile, the Company persisted in returning to the essence of insurance
and advocated for regular sales of protection products.




38      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                                         About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate        Financial
                                                                                         China Life   Statement Performance Governance         Report




In terms of customer management, the Company enhanced customer satisfaction and empowered the team’s
service capabilities. The Company advanced customer activities systematically, establishing a standardized activity
mechanism featuring national coordination, quarterly progression and distinctive themes, which strengthened the
customer connection and effective outreach, and achieved improvements in both service capability and customer
satisfaction.


In terms of intelligent tool empowerment, the Company developed the “Xinzhineng” (鑫智能) system to build
a one-stop digital marketing platform. Centering on two major modules, including customer management and
high-performing agent tracking, the Company streamlined data chains, constructed dynamic customer profiles to
empower customer management and drive sustained high performance, forming a new paradigm for standardized
marketing management.


In 2025, the individual insurance channel realized total premiums of RMB120,581 million with annual growth rate
of 4.0%. The first year regular premiums from long-term insurance business amounted to RMB19,027 million,
representing an increase of 43.8% year on year. The agent headcounts in individual insurance channel(1) totaled
133.4 thousand. The monthly average number of qualified agents(2) reached 22.0 thousand, remaining basically flat
compared with that of last year. The monthly average qualified rate(3) was 16.5%, up by 0.6pt year on year. The
monthly average number of high-performing agents(2) reached 15.5 thousand, increasing by 2.0% year on year.
The monthly average high-performing rate(3) was 11.6%, up by 0.7pt year on year. The monthly average number
of agents with first year commission (“FYC”) over RMB10,000(2) totaled 3.3 thousand. The monthly average
proportion of agents with FYC over RMB10,000(3) accounted for 2.5% of monthly average agent headcounts,
remaining flat compared with that of last year. The monthly average comprehensive productivity per capita(4) was
RMB11.2 thousand with the annual growth rate of 43%.

Notes:

1.       The headcounts of agents in individual insurance channel includes contracted sales agents and full-time premium collectors, and no longer covers
         employed sales personnel. The indicators below are calculated based on such caliber.

2.       Monthly average number of qualified agents = (∑ numbers of qualified agents in a month)/the number of months in the reporting period. The
         calculation formulas for monthly average number of high-performing agents and monthly average number of agents with FYC over RMB10,000
         are the same, where monthly number of qualified agents (high-performing agents, agents with FYC over RMB10,000) refers to the number of
         agents who have issued one insurance policy or more (including card-type short-term accident insurance policy) which are not cancelled by policy
         holders in a month and whose FYC in the month is equal to or greater than RMB800 (RMB3,000, RMB10,000).

3.       Monthly average qualified rate = monthly average number of qualified agents/monthly average number of agents * 100%. The calculation formulas
         for monthly average high-performing rate and the monthly average proportion of agents with FYC over RMB10,000 are the same, where monthly
         average number of agents = {∑ [(number of agents at start of the month + number of agents at end of the month)/2]}/the number of months in
         the reporting period.

4.       Monthly average comprehensive productivity per capita = monthly average first year regular premiums/monthly average number of agents.




                                                                                   BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                       39
Section 4




Bancassurance channel
The bancassurance channel strictly observed the regulation on aligning
fee experience with registered assumptions, adhered to the high-quality
development and emphasized both business volume and value, continuously
fostering core management capabilities.


In terms of channel collaboration, the Company deepened cooperation
                                                                                110.2%
with major state-owned banks and joint-stock banks, while partnering with
                                                                                YoY growth in NBV of
selective regional commercial banks. The Company expanded business
                                                                                bancassurance channel
network, strengthened strategic synergy between banking and insurance
institutions and deepened outlet-level operations, driving significant growth
in core banking partners.


In terms of product transformation, the Company deepened the transition
towards participating insurance products, constructed a product system
catering to diversified needs, and stayed committed to providing customers
with whole life cycle services and protection.


In terms of team building, the Company advanced the frameworks                  52.3%
of “building a high-performing agent team with strong units” (「強部優
                                                                                YoY growth in the FYP from
組」) and “Three-Thirds Principle” (「三三制」), while fully implementing
                                                                                long-term insurance business of
strategic arrangements such as the “Strong Foundation Initiative” and “XIN
                                                                                bancassurance channel
Generation Initiative” (XIN計劃). The agent headcounts in the channel has
saw steady expansion, with productivity per capita increasing by 17.9%
year on year and continuous improvement in team quality and performance.


In 2025, the bancassurance channel realized premiums of RMB72,102
million, increasing by 39.5% year on year. The first year regular premiums
from long-term insurance business amounted to RMB17,974 million,
representing an annual increase of 29.6%. Renewal premiums totaled
RMB34,154 million, up by 27.7% year on year.




40      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                     About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate     Financial
                                                                     China Life   Statement Performance Governance      Report




Group insurance business                                    In terms of serving national strategies, the Company

Group insurance advanced the reform and transformation,     implemented the requirements of developing “five

adhered to a customer-centric philosophy while focusing     priorities” in finance, strengthened underwriting for

on both business scale and efficiency to steadily enhance   customers in key areas such as technology, green

its operation and management.                               and inclusive finance, providing protection with sum
                                                            assured over RMB4 trillion. The Company made efforts

In terms of customer expansion, the Company took            to promote policy-oriented insurance business, helped

employee benefits business at the core, intensified         build a multi-level national medical security system,

efforts to develop central and state-owned enterprises,     expanded service coverage and participated in 46

consolidated the foundation of small and micro enterprise   people’s welfare insurance projects across 21 provinces

customers and expanded agency cooperation to boost          and municipalities, offering diversified medical security

the growth of short-term insurance business.                for insured people.



In terms of team building, the Company upgraded             In 2025, the group insurance realized premiums of

and reshaped its team, revised the basic law, recruited     RMB3,188 million, representing a year-on-year increase

outstanding talents, strengthened team management           of 11.2%. First year premiums from long-term insurance

foundation and advanced the implementation of the           business amounted to RMB201 million with annual

“Three Thirds Principle” framework. As a result, the        growth rate of 6.9%. The Company realized premiums

monthly average productivity per capita increased by        of RMB1,024 million from policy-oriented health

19% compared with that of 2024.                             insurance(1), representing an increase of 7.9% year on
                                                            year, covering 14.86 million customers.

In terms of support and empowerment, the Company
                                                            Note:
refined the group insurance product system, optimized
                                                            1.      Premiums from policy-oriented health insurance do not include
platform support, and established the “Xinhua Qikang”               entrusted fund business.

(新華企康) health management service platform to
improve the quality and efficiency of claim services.




                                                                 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  41
Section 4




Analysis by types of insurance products
                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB in millions

 For the 12 months ended 31 December                                                                     2025                  2024             Change

 GWP                                                                                                 195,871              170,511                 14.9%
     Traditional insurance                                                                           106,690                88,887                20.0%
        First year premiums from long-term insurance business                                          43,875               36,530                20.1%
        Renewal premiums                                                                               62,707               52,259                20.0%
        Premiums from short-term insurance business                                                        108                    98              10.2%
                                       (1)
     Participating insurance                                                                           37,604               28,278                33.0%
        First year premiums from long-term insurance business                                          11,933                    918          1,199.9%
        Renewal premiums                                                                               25,671               27,360                 -6.2%
        Premiums from short-term insurance business                                                            –                    –                    –
     Health insurance                                                                                  50,766               52,527                 -3.4%
        First year premiums from long-term insurance business                                           1,974                 1,363               44.8%
        Renewal premiums                                                                               45,721               48,245                 -5.2%
        Premiums from short-term insurance business                                                     3,071                 2,919                 5.2%
     Accident insurance                                                                                    743                   758               -2.0%
        First year premiums from long-term insurance business                                                  –                    –                    –
        Renewal premiums                                                                                       –                    –                    –
        Premiums from short-term insurance business                                                        743                   758               -2.0%
                                 (1)
     Universal insurance                                                                                     68                   61              11.5%
        First year premiums from long-term insurance business                                                  –                    –                    –
        Renewal premiums                                                                                     68                   61              11.5%
        Premiums from short-term insurance business                                                            –                    –                    –


Note:

1.       Participating health insurance is included in the participating insurance. Universal health insurance is included in the universal insurance.



In 2025, due to the changes in economic environment, consumption demands, distribution channel development,
etc., the Company’s first year premiums from long-term participating insurance business increased significantly
year-on-year.




42        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                  About New     Chairman’s  Business   Corporate    Financial
                                                                  China Life    Statement Performance Governance     Report




Analysis by branches
                                                                                                  Unit: RMB in millions

 For the 12 months ended 31 December                                            2025              2024             Change

 GWP                                                                      195,871             170,511               14.9%
 Shandong Branch                                                               18,568           16,546              12.2%
 Zhejiang Branch                                                               13,206           10,662              23.9%
 Henan Branch                                                                  12,606           11,665               8.1%
 Beijing Branch                                                                12,259           11,410               7.4%
 Guangdong Branch                                                              11,673            9,420              23.9%
 Shaanxi Branch                                                                10,234            8,868              15.4%
 Hubei Branch                                                                   9,309            8,088              15.1%
 Jiangsu Branch                                                                 9,204            7,954              15.7%
 Inner Mongolia Branch                                                          7,273            6,456              12.7%
 Hunan Branch                                                                   6,970            6,234              11.8%
 Other Branches                                                                84,569           73,208              15.5%


In 2025, about 56.8% of GWP of the Company were derived from ten branches in populous areas or more
developed regions such as Shandong, Zhejiang and Henan.



Insurance products
Product highlights
The Company adhered to the “customer-centric” philosophy in product development. With the goal of “Better
Products with NCI”, the Company intensified the supply of diversified insurance products, improved the inclusive
insurance system, and enriched the “comprehensive and exquisite” product portfolio that addressed customers’
needs for “birth, aging, illness, death and disability” in their whole life cycle. In 2025, the Company launched a
total of 95 new products and there were 211 products totally on the market at the end of 2025.




                                                             BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                   43
Section 4




               Health Protection Products                            Pension & Wealth Management Products

   The Company launched the ﬂagship critical illness            Responding to market changes, the Company
   product such as Zhuoyue Edition of Health Guard (健康          strengthened     asset-liability coordination     and
   無憂卓越版), catering to the personalized and                     increased the supply of participating insurance
   differentiated needs of various customer groups              products, covering multiple product types including
   through modular design. The Company introduced the           whole life insurance, long-term annuities and
   medical insurance product “Pharma Assured” closely           endowment insurance. The Company enriched
   aligned with medical insurance DRG reform,                   individual pension product portfolio to support the
   complemented by health management services to                development of a multi-tiered and multi-pillar pension
   integrate medical insurance with medical services. The       insurance system.
   Company also launched service-based payment nursing
   insurance product “Healthcare Assured” that integrates
   cash payment with nursing services, driving the
   transformation from traditional compensation to a
   “product + service” ecosystem.




                                             Inclusive Insurance Products

                                  The Company increased the supply of insurance
                                  protection for speciﬁc groups, launching over 20
                                  inclusive insurance products tailored for segments such
                                  as students, children, women, the elderly and new
                                  urban residents. In line with the rural revitalization
                                  strategy, the Company also launched exclusive
                                  insurance products for rural revitalization to help
                                  consolidate the achievements in poverty alleviation. In
                                  line with the development of the silver economy, the
                                  Company enriched the supply of senior-friendly
                                  insurance products to strengthen protection for the
                                  elderly.




44      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                       About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                       China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Top 5 insurance products in terms of premium income
                                                                                                      Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                      Premium
                                                                    income for      Main distribution              Surrender
Rank   Product                                                    the year 2025     channel                             value

1      Fushengshijia whole life insurance                                18,182     Bancassurance channel                    57
       福盛世家終身壽險
2      Rongyaoxinxiang smart win edition whole life insurance            14,760     Individual insurance channel             20
       榮耀鑫享智贏版終身壽險
3      Rongzunshijia whole life insurance                                 9,480     Bancassurance channel                  161
       榮尊世家終身壽險
4      Rongxinshijia whole life insurance                                 7,541     Bancassurance channel                  104
       榮欣世家終身壽險
5      Rongyaoxinxiang celebration edition whole life insurance           7,173     Individual insurance channel             39
       榮耀鑫享慶典版終身壽險


                                                                                                       First year premiums
Rank   Product                                                                                             for the year 2025

1      Fushengshijia whole life insurance                                                                              17,370
       福盛世家終身壽險
2      Rongyaoxinxiang smart win edition whole life insurance                                                          13,529
       榮耀鑫享智贏版終身壽險
3      Jufuhui endowment insurance                                                                                      4,823
       聚福惠兩全保險
4      Shengshirongyao smart win edition whole life insurance (participating insurance)                                 4,042
       盛世榮耀智贏版終身壽險(分紅型)
5      Xinanyi endowment insurance                                                                                      3,009
       欣安逸兩全保險




                                                                  BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 45
Section 4




Top 5 customers
During the reporting period, the premium income of top five customers accounted for about 0.47% of GWP of
the Company, and there was no related party of the Company. In view of the Company’s business nature, the
Company has no suppliers directly related to its business.


Business quality


 For the 12 months ended 31 December                                                                 2025                 2024            Change

 Persistency ratio of individual life insurance business
     13-month persistency ratio(1)                                                                 97.1%               95.7%                  1.4pt
                                        (2)
     25-month persistency ratio                                                                    93.3%               86.2%                  7.1pt


Notes:

1.       13-month persistency ratio = premiums under in-force regular premium life insurance policies 13 months after their issuance as a percentage of
         premiums under life insurance policies becoming in-force during the issuance.

2.       25-month persistency ratio = premiums under in-force regular premium life insurance policies 25 months after their issuance as a percentage of
         premiums under life insurance policies becoming in-force during the issuance.




Analysis of insurance revenue and insurance service expenses
                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB in millions

 For the 12 months ended 31 December                                                                 2025                 2024            Change

 Insurance revenue
     Contracts measured with premium allocation approach                                            3,668                3,686               -0.5%
     Contracts not measured with premium allocation approach                                      46,629               44,126                 5.7%
 Total                                                                                            50,297               47,812                 5.2%
 Insurance service expenses
     Contracts measured with premium allocation approach                                           (3,817)              (4,390)            -13.1%
     Contracts not measured with premium allocation approach                                     (27,931)             (27,185)                2.7%
 Total                                                                                           (31,748)             (31,575)                0.5%
 Insurance service result of original insurance contracts
     issued                                                                                       18,549               16,237               14.2%


In 2025, insurance service result of original insurance contracts issued increased by 14.2% compared with the
same period of the previous year, of which, the insurance revenue increased by 5.2% and the insurance service
expenses increased by 0.5% compared with the same period of the previous year.




46        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                 About New     Chairman’s  Business   Corporate    Financial
                                                                 China Life    Statement Performance Governance     Report




Analysis on insurance contract liabilities
                                                                                                 Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                               As at            As at
                                                                  31 December 31 December
 Component                                                                     2025              2024             Change

 Liabilities for remaining coverage                                    1,518,168           1,351,634               12.3%
 Liabilities for incurred claims                                              14,470           14,456               0.1%
 Insurance contract liabilities in total                               1,532,638           1,366,090               12.2%
   Insurance contracts not measured with premium allocation
     approach                                                          1,530,171           1,363,507               12.2%
     Insurance contracts measured with general model                     846,422             707,113               19.7%
     Insurance contracts measured with variable fee approach             683,749             656,394                4.2%
   Insurance contracts measured with premium allocation
     approach                                                                  2,467            2,583              -4.5%
 Insurance contract liabilities in total                               1,532,638           1,366,090               12.2%
   Including: Contractual service margin for issued insurance
     contracts                                                           181,723             175,867                3.3%


 For the 12 months ended 31 December                                           2025              2024             Change

 Contractual service margin for insurance contracts issued on
   initial recognition in the period                                          11,875           10,997               8.0%


In 2025, insurance contract liabilities increased by 12.2% compared with the end of the previous year, of which
liabilities for remaining coverage increased by 12.3% and insurance contracts measured with general model
increased by 19.7% compared with the end of the previous year.



Analysis on reinsurance contract assets
                                                                                                 Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                        As at 31            As at 31
                                                                      December            December
 Component                                                                     2025              2024             Change

 Reinsurance contract for remaining coverage                                   9,788            9,643               1.5%
 Reinsurance contract for incurred claims                                      1,277            1,169               9.2%
 Reinsurance contract assets                                                  11,065           10,812               2.3%
 Contracts not measured with premium allocation approach                      11,002           10,727               2.6%
 Contracts measured with premium allocation approach                              63                85            -25.9%
 Reinsurance contract assets                                                  11,065           10,812               2.3%


In 2025, reinsurance contract assets increased by 2.3% compared with the end of the previous year.
                                                            BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                   47
Section 4




Asset management business

             Investment
                                      As of the end of 2025, the Company’s investment assets exceeded
             assets exceeded
                                      RMB1.84 trillion, increasing by 13.0% compared with the end of last
             RMB   1.84
                                      year.
             trillion


             Total investment
                                      In 2025, the Company’s investment portfolio achieved a total investment
             yield achieved
                                      yield of 6.6%, up by 0.8pt year on year, a comprehensive investment
             6.6%
                                      yield of 5.0%, and a net investment yield of 2.8%.




In 2025, China’s economic fundamentals remained stable,    In terms of fixed-income assets, on the one hand,
the capital market demonstrated strong performance,        the Company capitalized on allocation opportunities,
and long-term interest rates fluctuated within a low       moderately extended asset duration and narrowed the
range, presenting an overall pattern of robust equities    duration gap between assets and liabilities to replenish
and stable bonds. The Company earnestly practiced          the fixed-income asset portfolio. On the other hand,
the “big insurance philosophy”, integrated itself into     the Company time the market to allocated to fixed-
the broader national reform and development, and           income enhanced products with stable performance to
embraced the mission of serving as the main force          moderately increase return elasticity.
in underpinning the real economy and the stabilizing
anchor in safeguarding financial stability. The Company    In terms of equity investment, the Company persisted
adhered to the mainline of “risk prevention, strict        in the philosophy of rational, value-oriented and long-
regulation and development promotion” in investment        term investment, and boosted equity holdings as anchor
business, upheld the asset-liability matching principle    assets to stabilize and enhance the investment return.
alongside the philosophy of long-term and value-oriented
investment to optimize its investment portfolio. At the    The Company also improved the investment research
strategic asset allocation, the Company has taken fixed-   system, deepened macroeconomic analysis and
income assets with long duration and stable cash flow      judgment and seized trading timing. Meanwhile, the
as the ballast stone to meet the requirements of asset-    Company advanced digital and intelligent construction
liability matching, supplemented by balanced equity        and empowered the entire investment process with
assets to bolster long-term investment returns. Guided     technology to strengthen investment management
by such framework, the Company pursued tactical            capabilities.
asset allocation and adopted multiple and systematic
approaches to navigate in evolving market conditions.




48      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                                           About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate         Financial
                                                                                           China Life   Statement Performance Governance          Report




Investment portfolio
                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                          2025                                   2024
                                                                                                                                              Amount
 As at 31 December                                              Amount          Proportion              Amount         Proportion              change

 Investment assets                                            1,841,227                 100%         1,629,361                100%               13.0%
 Classified by investment type
     Cash and cash equivalents                                     42,898               2.3%             38,432                2.4%              11.6%
     Term deposits                                               293,964               16.0%            282,458              17.3%                4.1%
     Financial investments
         Bonds                                                   914,024               49.6%            849,493              52.1%                7.6%
         Equity investment plans                                   22,103               1.2%             20,174                1.2%               9.6%
                                       (1)
         Debt investment plans                                     11,277               0.6%             18,563                1.1%             -39.3%
         Trust products                                             2,053               0.1%             17,912                1.1%             -88.5%
         Stocks(2)                                               216,452               11.8%            180,795              11.1%               19.7%
         Funds                                                   172,574                9.4%            126,324                7.7%              36.6%
                                              (3)
         Other financial investments                               72,710               3.9%             48,564                3.0%              49.7%
     Investments in associates and joint
         ventures                                                  65,633               3.6%             30,245                1.9%            117.0%
     Investment properties                                         11,424               0.6%               9,055               0.6%              26.2%
                                       (4)
     Other investment assets                                       16,115               0.9%               7,346               0.5%            119.4%
 Classified by accounting methods
     Financial assets at fair value through
         profit or loss                                          579,756               31.5%            485,928              29.8%               19.3%
     Financial assets at fair value through
         other comprehensive income(5)                           574,524               31.2%            501,006              30.7%               14.7%
     Financial assets measured at
         amortized cost(6)                                       609,890               33.1%            603,127              37.0%                1.1%
     Investments in associates and joint
         ventures                                                  65,633               3.6%             30,245                1.9%            117.0%
     Investment properties                                         11,424               0.6%               9,055               0.6%              26.2%


Notes:

1.        Debt investment plans mainly consist of infrastructure and real estate funding projects.

2.        Stocks include common stocks and preferred stocks.

3.        Other financial investments include asset management plans, private equity, unlisted equity investments, perpetual bonds, certificates of deposit,
          etc.

4.        Other investment assets mainly include statutory deposits, financial assets purchased under agreements to resell, dividend receivables and
          interest receivables, etc.

5.        Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and
          equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income.

6.        Financial assets measured at amortized cost are debt investments at amortized cost, term deposits, cash and cash equivalents, etc.



                                                                                     BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                        49
Section 4




Investment income
China’s capital market achieved sound performance in 2025, which enabled the Company’s total investment
return in 2025 to achieve sound growth off a high base in the same period of last year.

                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB in millions

 For the 12 months ended 31 December                                                                   2025                  2024             Change

 Interest income from cash and cash equivalents                                                          165                  280              -41.1%
 Interest income from term deposits                                                                    8,844                8,747                1.1%
 Interest and dividend income from financial investments                                             36,628               35,802                 2.3%
 Rental income from investment properties                                                                271                  321              -15.6%
 Interest income from other investment assets                    (1)
                                                                                                         150                  133               12.8%
 Net investment income                (2)
                                                                                                     46,058               45,283                 1.7%
 Realized gains/(losses) on investment assets                                                        37,373                 2,733          1,267.5%
 Fair value gains/(losses) on investment assets                                                      22,121               35,718               -38.1%
 Impairment losses on investment assets                                                              (3,473)               (4,575)             -24.1%
 Share of results of associates and joint ventures under equity
     method                                                                                            2,255                  528             327.1%
 Total investment income(3)                                                                        104,334                79,687                30.9%
 Other comprehensive income                                                                         (24,406)              36,049             -167.7%
 Comprehensive investment income                     (4)
                                                                                                     79,928             115,736                -30.9%
 Net investment yield         (5)
                                                                                                       2.8%                 3.2%                 -0.4pt
 Total investment yield         (5)
                                                                                                       6.6%                 5.8%                  0.8pt
 Comprehensive investment yield                (5)
                                                                                                       5.0%                 8.5%                 -3.5pt


Notes:

1.       Interest income from other investment assets includes interest income from statutory deposits and financial assets purchased under agreements
         to resell, etc.

2.       Net investment income includes interest and dividend income from cash and cash equivalents, term deposits, financial investments and rental
         income from investment properties.

3.       Total investment income = net investment income + realized (losses)/gains on investment assets + unrealized gains/(losses) on investment assets
         + impairment losses on investment assets + share of results of associates and joint ventures under equity method.

4.       Comprehensive investment income = total investment income + net fair value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
         income and other equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income for the reporting period + movements in
         other comprehensive income for the reporting period under the equity method.

5.       Investment yield = (investment income – interest expenses of financial assets sold under agreements to repurchase)/(monthly average investment
         assets – monthly average financial assets sold under agreements to repurchase – monthly average interest receivables).

6.       The calculation of comprehensive investment yield includes the changes in fair value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
         income (a loss of approximately RMB29,494 million in 2025 and a gain of approximately RMB31,807 million in 2024). Excluding the impact of
         these fair value changes, the comprehensive investment yield for 2025 would be 6.9%.




50        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                       About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate    Financial
                                                                       China Life   Statement Performance Governance     Report




Average investment yield for the previous three years
                                                                                                        Average over the
 For Years 2023-2025                                                                                      past three years

 Net investment yield                                                                                                    3.1%
 Total investment yield                                                                                                  4.7%
 Comprehensive investment yield                                                                                          5.4%


Investment in non-standard assets                             measures. Apart from financing entities which are
                                                              exempted from credit enhancement requirements by
Most of the underlying assets of non-standard assets
                                                              regulatory authorities, most of non-standard assets are
that the Company holds are loans in institutional
                                                              taken the following credit enhancement measures, such
financing of non-banking sectors, infrastructure financing,
                                                              as mortgage and pledge, joint guarantee, repurchase
commercial real estate financing and consumption credit
                                                              agreement, and management of funds, ensuring that the
financing. The enterprises involved are industrial giants,
                                                              non-standard assets are of high quality and controllable
including large financial institutions, central enterprises
                                                              risks.
and important state-owned enterprises in the first
and second tier cities. As of 31 December 2025, the
non-standard assets amounted to RMB65,541 million,            Ratings
decreasing by RMB29,587 million compared with the             Excluding      non-fixed      income      financial      products
end of last year, accounting for 3.6% of total investment     and portfolio products issued by insurance asset
assets and decreasing by 2.2 percentage points                management companies not requiring external ratings,
compared with the end of last year. The non-standard          the vast majority of the existing non-standard assets of
assets of the Company had good credit enhancement             the Company were rated AAA as of 31 December 2025.
                                                              The overall credit risk was limited with high safety.




                                                                 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                   51
Section 4




Investment portfolio
                                                                                     Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                               Proportion       Amount
                                                                                  change         change
                                                                               compared       compared
                                                                             with the end with the end
 As at 31 December 2025                              Amount     Proportion    of last year   of last year

 Non-standard financial assets
     – Equity investment plans                         22,103       33.7%          12.4%           1,929
     – Trust products                                   2,053        3.1%         -15.7%         (15,859)
     – Debt investment plans                           11,277       17.2%           -2.3%         (7,286)
     – Asset management plans                           7,000       10.7%           -5.4%         (8,302)
     – Private equity investments                      14,063       21.5%           6.7%               (2)
     – Unlisted equity investments                      7,358       11.2%           3.5%               (1)
                (1)
     – Others                                           1,687        2.6%           0.8%             (66)
 Total                                                 65,541      100.0%                        (29,587)


Note:

1.      Others include asset funding plan, etc.




Major management institutions
                                                                                     Unit: RMB in millions

 As at 31 December 2025
 Top 5 management institutions of financial products                         Paid amount     Proportion

 New China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                              10,397         15.9%
 CICC Capital Management Co., Ltd.                                                  9,436         14.4%
 CIB Wealth Management Co., Ltd.                                                    9,028         13.8%
 Taikang Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                                 8,623         13.2%
 CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd.                                                    5,000          7.6%




52       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                      About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                      China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Investment risk management                                    The Company also organized self-assessment around the
                                                              soundness and execution effectiveness of investment
The Company persists in the principle of prudent
                                                              risk management systems, optimizing and implementing
operation, and integrates risk management throughout
                                                              relevant management systems.
the whole process of decision-making and investment
management. The Company improves its asset-liability
                                                              In addition, the Company places great emphasis on
management system, and dynamically balances risk
                                                              technology empowerment, and explores the application
and return to ensure its long-term and sustainable
                                                              of fintech and big data analytics in investment, while
development. The Company has established and
                                                              investigating the practical use of large-scale risk control
optimized the risk control mechanism throughout the
                                                              models and intelligent systems in investment risk
entire investment process. Focusing on key investment
                                                              management.
areas, the Company improves investment processes and
systems and strives to strengthen risk identification and
                                                              Through the above multi-layered and systematic risk
prevention from the source.
                                                              management practices, the Company is committed to
                                                              building a solid defense mechanism to safeguard assets
The Company refined risk preference limit indicators by
                                                              and ensure long-term value growth.
optimizing risk limit indicators and threshold settings for
areas such as real estate and concentration, thereby
strengthening investment risk monitoring and early
warning in key areas.


The Company conducted regular asset risk classification.
In accordance with regulatory requirements and
combined with its management practices, the
Company has refined management responsibilities, and
established a management mechanism comprising initial
classification, review and approval to conduct asset risk
classification with due diligence, and promptly identify
potential risk hazards.




                                                                 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 53
Section 4




Analysis on profit sources
                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB in millions

 For the 12 months ended 31 December                                                              2025                2024           Change

 Insurance service result and others                                                           17,539              12,467              40.7%
     Including: Insurance revenue                                                              50,297              47,812                5.2%
                  Insurance service expenses                                                  (31,748)            (31,575)               0.5%
 Investment performance                                                                        22,986              15,674              46.7%
     Including: Total net investment income(1)                                                100,824              76,521              31.8%
                  Net insurance finance expenses for insurance
                    contracts issued(2)                                                       (77,838)            (60,847)             27.9%
 Profit before income tax                                                                      40,525              28,141              44.0%
 Income tax                                                                                     (4,236)             (1,908)           122.0%
 Net profit                                                                                    36,289              26,233              38.3%


Notes:

1.       Total net investment income = total investment income – other finance costs.

2.       Net insurance finance expenses for insurance contracts issued include finance expenses from insurance contracts issued and finance income
         from reinsurance contracts held.




54        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                                      About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate        Financial
                                                                                      China Life   Statement Performance Governance         Report




ANALYSIS BY COMPONENT
Solvency
New China Life Insurance Company Ltd. calculated and disclosed core capital, actual capital, minimum capital,
core solvency margin ratio and comprehensive solvency margin ratio according to the Solvency Regulatory Rules
II for Insurance Companies and other requirements. Solvency margin ratios of a domestic insurance company in
the P.R.C. must meet the prescribed thresholds set by the NFRA.


                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                As at            As at
                                                          31 December   31 December
                                                                 2025             2024    Reason(s) of change
 Core capital                                                 201,362         156,883     Movements in discount rate and fair value of
                                                                                             financial assets, reclassification of held-to-maturity
                                                                                             investments to available-for-sale financial assets
                                                                                             and growth in insurance business
 Actual capital                                               313,672         275,089     The reasons mentioned above and the redemption
                                                                                             of capital supplementary bonds of RMB10,000
                                                                                             million by the Company
 Minimum capital                                              149,032         126,447     Growth and structural changes in insurance and
                                                                                             investment businesses
 Core solvency margin ratio(1)                                135.11%        124.07%
                                                 (1)
 Comprehensive solvency margin ratio                          210.47%        217.55%


Note:

1.      Core solvency margin ratio = core capital/minimum capital, comprehensive solvency margin ratio = actual capital/minimum capital.



Liquidity

Gearing ratio
                                                                                                                       As at                As at
                                                                                                            31 December 31 December
                                                                                                                        2025                 2024
 Gearing ratio(1)                                                                                                     94.1%                94.3%


Note:

1.      Gearing ratio = total liabilities/total assets.




                                                                                BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                       55
Section 4




Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                                                                                Unit: RMB in millions

 For the 12 months ended 31 December                                          2025              2024          Change

 Net cash flows from operating activities                                  110,916            96,290            15.2%
 Net cash flows from investing activities                                 (110,116)         (141,771)          -22.3%
 Net cash flows from financing activities                                     3,739           62,029           -94.0%



The net cash inflows from operating activities in 2025     The cash and bank deposits of the Company provided
increased by 15.2% compared with last year due to          liquidity resources to satisfy the requirements of cash
increase in cash received from premiums for issuing        outflows. Substantially all of the Company’s term
insurance contracts on a year-on-year basis.               deposits were available for utilization subject to interest
                                                           losses. As of the end of the reporting period, cash
The net cash outflows from investing activities in 2025    and cash equivalents amounted to RMB42,898 million
decreased by 22.3% compared with last year due to          and term deposits amounted to RMB293,964 million.
increase in cash received from disinvestments on a         Moreover, the investment portfolio also provided liquidity
year-on-year basis.                                        resources to satisfy the requirements of unexpected
                                                           cash outflows. As of the end of the reporting period,
The net cash inflows from financing activities in 2025     the book value of financial assets such as bonds, stocks
decreased by 94.0% compared with last year due to          and funds reached RMB1,303,050 million.
decrease in cash received from financial assets sold
under agreements to repurchase on a year-on-year basis.    The principal cash outflows of the Company comprise
                                                           paying for liabilities associated with various life insurance,
                                                           annuity insurance, accident insurance and health
Source and use of liquidity
                                                           insurance products, operating expenses, income taxes
The principal cash inflows of the Company comprise
                                                           and dividends declared and payable to shareholders.
insurance premiums, proceeds from disposals and
                                                           Cash outflows arising from insurance activities primarily
maturity of investment assets and investment income.
                                                           relate to benefit payments of insurance products, as
The liquidity risks with respect to these cash inflows
                                                           well as payments for policy surrenders and policy loans.
primarily arise from surrenders of policyholders and
contract holders, defaults by debtors, fluctuations of
                                                           The liquidity of the Company is sufficient to meet its
interest rate and other market fluctuations. The Company
                                                           current cash requirements.
closely monitors and controls these risks.




56      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                    About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                    China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Insurance security fund                                     FUTURE PROSPECTS
For the basis and amount provided for the insurance         Trend of insurance industry
security fund, please refer to Note 31 to Consolidated
                                                            The year 2026 marks the commencement of the
Financial Statements of this report.
                                                            “15th Five-Year Plan”. Key national initiatives, such as
                                                            building a financial powerhouse and improving the multi-
Reinsurance business                                        tiered social security system, have both anchored the
The   Company’s     reinsurance    business    currently    industry’s mission within the broader national agenda
includes business ceded through quota share, surplus        and pointed out the strategic direction for the industry
and catastrophe reinsurance contracts. The current          to serve the real economy and safeguard people’s
reinsurance contracts cover almost all products             livelihoods. The fundamental trend of China’s long-term
with risks and obligations. The Company reasonably          economic improvement continues to be consolidated.
determines the retention limit and reinsurance ratio        The accumulation of household wealth, coupled with
based on relevant regulations, its business development     the population aging, is steadily unleashing demands for
and risk management. The Company carefully selects          life insurance and creating opportunities for structural
reinsurers to ensure the safety of reinsurance business     growth. Meanwhile, against the backdrops of declining
and obtain high-quality protection and services. The        long-term interest rates and deepening regulatory
selection criteria for reinsurers include factors such      policies, industry competition has shifted from scale
as financial strength, credit rating, price, technical      expansion to a comprehensive contest of value and
strength, consistency of underwriting and claim policies,   capabilities. Thus the industry transformation trends and
and services on the premise of meeting regulatory           regulatory guidance have placed greater requirements for
requirements. Reinsurers of the Company mainly include      the Company’s strategic determination and operational
Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd. Beijing Branch, China        resilience.
Life Reinsurance Company Ltd., General Reinsurance
AG Shanghai Branch, SCOR SE Beijing Branch, Munich
Reinsurance Company Beijing Branch, etc.




                                                               BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 57
Section 4




Development strategy                                        Possible risks and measures to be taken
Guided by the strategic orientation of “embracing the
                                                            Possible risks
big insurance philosophy and building a strong NCI”,
                                                            The current trend of economic and social recovery and
the Company will take serving national strategies and
                                                            improvement continues to be consolidated. In 2026,
safeguarding people’s wellbeing as its fundamental
                                                            global environment remains severe, with ongoing
mission, continue to advance professional, market-
                                                            geopolitical conflicts and financial market volatility
oriented and systematic reforms, and construct a
                                                            operating at high levels. The complexity of the internal
“customer-centric” development framework. The
Company will enhance product and service supply,            and external environment still exists to a certain extent.

diversified ecosystem empowerment and investment            The socio-economic environment, demographic structure

management and strategically focus on regional              and customer needs have undergone significant changes

presence, talent development, professional development      in recent years. The industry is still in a period of deep

of distribution channels, refined customer management,      adjustment and transformation, and risk prevention and

and technological and intelligent empowerment. The          control in key areas still require continuous attention.
Company will coordinate development and security,
and strengthen and optimize its insurance business in       Measures to be taken
the new journey of Chinese modernization to earnestly
                                                            The   Company      will,   in   accordance    with    the
fulfill its core mission of serving the real economy and
                                                            requirements and standards of regulatory authorities
ensuring people’s wellbeing, and to create long-term and
                                                            for risk management, optimize the comprehensive risk
stable value for its customers, shareholders and society.
                                                            management system, consolidate the foundation for
                                                            risk management, improve risk management tools,
Business plan
                                                            and strengthen the development of risk management
In 2026, the Company will uphold the general principle of
                                                            mechanisms and system implementation to ensure the
“seeking progress while maintaining stability, improving
                                                            effective operation of the system.
quality and efficiency”, and pursue the inward-focused
and high-quality development. The Company will
adhere to the “customer-centric” philosophy, strive
to build a financial industry ecosystem and provide
customers with multi-dimensional, comprehensive and
whole life-cycle services to achieve customer-driven
operations. The Company will stick to the value-oriented
concept, advance the synergistic development model
of “insurance + service + investment” to bolster its
high-quality development. The Company will balance
development with security, and establish a full-process,
full-coverage and penetrating risk management system
to enhance asset-liability management, risk prevention
and mitigation capabilities, and to consolidate the
foundation for its high-quality development.




58      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                    About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                    China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




OTHER DISCLOSURES                                           in business quality and simultaneous growth in business
                                                            volume and value. In 2025, the Company achieved GWP
In 2025, the Company issued “Corporate Value and
                                                            of RMB195,871 million, representing a year-on-year
Return Enhancement Action Plan” announcement and
                                                            increase of 14.9%. The value of one year’s new business
made solid progress in all areas of work. So far, the
                                                            realized RMB9,842 million, representing a year-on-year
core measures have yielded certain results, as outlined
                                                            increase of 57.4%.
below:

                                                            Deepening institution and mechanism
Fulfilling financial mission to achieve high-               reform to invigorate the organization
quality development of core business
                                                            The Company steadily advanced professional, market-
The Company firmly upheld the political and people-
                                                            oriented and systematic reforms, and established a core
oriented finance and enhanced management framework
                                                            system featuring high adaptability, competitiveness
for serving national strategies. A dedicated task force
                                                            and integrated operations. Driven by institutionalized
and implementation plan for the “five priorities” in
                                                            operation, the Company promoted self-operation
finance were set up to ensure full engagement and
                                                            and fully stimulated its internal vitality and growth
comprehensive oversight. By the end of the reporting
                                                            momentum. In 2025, the individual insurance channel
period, investments in the “five priorities” in finance
                                                            saw a stabilized agent force, with productivity per capita
reached over RMB360 billion, marking a year-on-year
                                                            rising by 43% year on year. The bancassurance channel
increase of over 20%. Harnessing the unique strengths
                                                            set new records in both first year premiums and new
of insurance funds as the “long-term capital, patient
                                                            business value. The group insurance also marked a
capital and strategic capital”, the Company refined
                                                            improvement in operating efficiency.
its asset allocation and bolstered the investment
management capabilities. In 2025, the investment
assets of the Company exceeded RMB1.84 trillion,            Securing investor recognition for high-
with total investment yield of 6.6% and comprehensive       quality development and achieving new
investment yield of 5.0%.                                   highs in market value and share price
                                                            The Company maintained compliant operations,
                                                            consistently boosting its value-creation and investor-
Expanding the depth, breadth and
                                                            return to achieve high-level development of the
diversity of insurance services
                                                            Company and benefits sharing for shareholders. In 2025,
The Company embraced a “customer-centric”
                                                            the Company proposed to distribute cash dividends of
philosophy, and upgraded its five major service brands,
                                                            RMB8,516 million, up by 7.9% compared with that of
namely Xinhua Zun, Xinhua An, Xinhua Rui, Xinhua Yue
                                                            2024. In 2025, the Company’s share price growth led
and Xinhua Kang, improving services covering ten major
                                                            the A share and H share insurance sectors, securing a
fields of “medical care, healthcare, old-age care, wealth
                                                            total market value exceeding RMB200 billion.
management, commerce, taxation, law, education,
leisure and culture”. Over 120 healthcare and old-age
care and travel-based service networks were rolled out
nationwide. Meanwhile, the Company also improved its
multi-tiered product system that covers the entire life
cycle of customers, leading to continuous improvements




                                                               BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 59
Section 5




EMBEDDED VALUE

INDEPENDENT ACTUARY’S REPORT                              •     A review of the embedded value and the value
ON REVIEW OF EMBEDDED VALUE                                     of one year’s new business as of 31 Dec 2025;
INFORMATION
To the directors of New China Life                        •     A review of the sensitivity tests of the value of
Insurance Company Ltd.,                                         in-force business and the value of one year’s
We have reviewed embedded value results (“EV                    new business as of 31 Dec 2025; and
Results”) of New China Life Insurance Company Ltd.
(“NCI” or “the company”) as of 31 Dec 2025. Our           •     A review of the analysis of change of the
review of EV results includes: embedded value and the           embedded value from 31 Dec 2024 to 31 Dec
value of one year’s new business as of 31 Dec 2025,             2025.
sensitivity analysis, and the analysis of change of the
embedded value.                                           In carrying out our review, we have relied on the
                                                          accuracy of audited and unaudited data and information
The methodology NCI used to calculate the embedded        provided by NCI.
value and the value of one year’s new business complies
with “CAA Standards of Actuarial Practice: Appraisal of   The calculation of embedded value relies greatly on
Embedded Value” (“Appraisal of Embedded Value”)           predictions and assumptions, which include many
issued by the China Association of Actuaries (“CAA”)      economic/noneconomic assumptions and assumptions
in November 2016. As independent actuaries, it is         on financial position that company has no control of.
our responsibility to review the EV results according     Therefore, the actual experience and results may differ
to the review process as confirmed in the Letter of       from prediction.
Engagement and to evaluate whether the methodology
and assumptions used for calculating EV results are       Opinion
consistent with the requirements of Appraisal of          Based on the scope of work and data reliance, we have
Embedded Value and market information.                    concluded that:


Scope of work                                             •     Based on our review, the embedded value
Our scope of work covered:                                      methodology and assumptions used by NCI
                                                                are consistent with the requirements of the
•      A    review   of   whether   methodology    and          “Appraisal of Embedded Value” and available
       assumptions used for calculating the embedded            market information.
       value and the value of one year’s new business
       as of 31 Dec 2025 are consistent with the
       requirements of Appraisal of Embedded Value
       and market information.




60      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                    About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                    China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




•     The embedded value results of all significant        1.      BACKGROUND
      aspects are consistent with the methodology
                                                                   In order to provide investors with an additional tool
      and assumptions shown in the Embedded Value
                                                                   to understand our economic value and business
      section of 2025 annual report.
                                                                   results, we have prepared the Company’s
                                                                   Embedded Value as of 31 Dec 2025 and have
We confirm that the results shown in the Embedded
                                                                   disclosed the relevant information in this section.
Value section of 2025 annual report are consistent with
those reviewed by us.
                                                                   Embedded Value (EV) is an actuarially determined
                                                                   estimate of the economic value of the life
This report has been prepared pursuant to an engagement
                                                                   insurance business of an insurance company
contract between PricewaterhouseCoopers Consultants
                                                                   based on a series of assumptions about future
(Shenzhen) Ltd., Beijing Branch and New China Life
                                                                   experience. But it does not incorporate the
Insurance Company Ltd. This report is solely for the
                                                                   contribution of economic value from future
purpose set forth in the first and second paragraphs of
                                                                   new business. Value of New Business (VNB)
this report and is for the use of board of directors of
                                                                   represents an actuarially determined estimate
NCI only and is not to be used for any other purpose
                                                                   of the economic value arising from new life
or to be distributed to any other parties. We expressly
                                                                   insurance business issued during a certain period
disclaim any liability or duty to any other party for
                                                                   of time. Hence, the embedded value method can
the contents of this report and howsoever arising in
                                                                   provide an alternative measure of the value and
connection with it.
                                                                   profitability of a life insurance company.

Our work does not constitute an audit or other assurance
                                                                   The reporting of embedded value and value of
engagement in accordance with applicable professional
                                                                   new business provides useful information to
standards. Accordingly, we provide no audit opinion,
                                                                   investors in two respects. First, Value of In-
attestation or other form of assurance with respect
                                                                   Force business (VIF) represents the total amount
to our work or the information upon which our work
                                                                   of after-tax shareholder distributable profits in
was based.
                                                                   present value terms, which can be expected to
                                                                   emerge over time, based on the assumptions
                                    Grace Jiang, FSA
                                                                   used. Second, Value of New Business provides a
                                       Ben Cheng, FIA
                                                                   metric to measure the value created for investors
                                                                   from new business activities and hence the
    PricewaterhouseCoopers Consultants (Shenzhen)
                                                                   potential growth of the company. However, the
                                   Ltd., Beijing Branch
                                                                   information on embedded value and value of new
                                        27 March 2026
                                                                   business should not be viewed as a substitute of
                                                                   financial measures under other relevant financial
                                                                   bases. Investors should not make investment
                                                                   decisions based solely on embedded value and
                                                                   value of new business information.




                                                                BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                61
Section 5




       As standards for the disclosure of embedded          “Adjusted Net Worth” (ANW) is equal to the
       value continue to develop internationally            sum of:
       and in the PRC, the form and content of our
       presentation of embedded value may change.           Net assets, defined as assets less corresponding
       Hence, differences in definition, methodology,       policy liabilities and other liabilities valued; and
       assumptions, accounting basis and disclosures
       may cause inconsistency when the results             Net-of-tax adjustments for relevant differences
       of different companies are compared. Also,           between the market value and the book value
       embedded value calculations involve substantial      of assets, together with relevant net-of-tax
       technical complexity and estimates of value can      adjustments to certain liabilities.
       vary materially as key assumptions are changed.
                                                            The market value of assets can fluctuate
       In November 2016, China Association of               significantly over time due to the impact of
       Actuaries (CAA) issued CAA [2016] No. 36             the prevailing market environment. Hence, the
       “CAA Standards of Actuarial Practice: Appraisal      adjusted net worth can fluctuate significantly
       of Embedded Value” (hereafter referred to as         between valuation dates.
       “Appraisal of Embedded Value” standard). The
       embedded value and value of new business in          The “value of in-force business” is the discounted
       this section are prepared by us in accordance with   value of the projected stream of future after-tax
       the “Appraisal of Embedded Value” standard.          shareholder distributable profits for existing in-
       PricewaterhouseCoopers Consultants(Shenzhen)         force business at the valuation date. The “value
       Ltd. performed a review of our embedded value. The   of one year’s new business” is the discounted
       review statement from PricewaterhouseCoopers         value of the projected stream of future after-tax
       Consultants(Shenzhen) Ltd is contained in the        shareholder distributable profits for sales in the
       “Independent Actuary’s Report on Review of           12 months immediately preceding the valuation
       Embedded Value Information” section.                 date. Shareholder distributable profits are
                                                            determined based on policy liabilities, required
2.     DEFINITIONS OF EMBEDDED VALUE                        capital in excess of policy liabilities, and minimum
                                                            capital requirement quantification standards
       Embedded value is the sum of the adjusted
                                                            prescribed by the National Administration of
       net worth and the value of in-force business
                                                            Financial Regulation (“former CBIRC”).
       allowing for the cost of required capital held by
       the company.




62      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                               About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate     Financial
                                                               China Life   Statement Performance Governance      Report




     The value of in-force business and the value of          (1)     Risk discount rate
     one year’s new business have been determined
                                                                      The risk discount rate used to calculate
     using a traditional deterministic discounted
                                                                      the value of in-force business and value
     cash flow methodology. This methodology is
                                                                      of one year’s new business is 8.5% p.a.
     consistent with the “Appraisal of Embedded
     Value” standard and is also commonly-used in             (2)     Investment returns
     determining EVs of life insurance companies                      For     non-investment-linked            insurance
     in China at the current time. This methodology                   funds, the future annual investment return
     makes implicit allowance for all sources of risks,               is assumed to be 4.0%. For investment-
     including the cost of investment guarantees and                  linked funds, the future annual investment
     policyholder options, asset/liability mismatch                   return is assumed to be 6.0%. These
     risk, credit risk, the deviation of the actual                   assumptions are based on the current
     experience from the projected and the economic                   capital market conditions, the Company’s
     cost of capital, through the use of a risk-adjusted              current     and    expected      future       asset
     discount rate.                                                   allocations and investment returns for
                                                                      major asset classes.
3.   KEY ASSUMPTIONS
     In determining the value of in-force business
                                                              (3)     Mortality
     and the value of one year’s new business as                      Mortality assumptions have been developed

     of 31 Dec 2025, we have assumed that the                         based on the Company’s past mortality

     Company continues to operate as a going concern                  experience, expectations of current and

     under the current economic and regulatory                        future experience. Mortality assumptions

     environment, and the relevant regulations                        are expressed as a percentage of the

     for determining policy liabilities and required                  standard industry mortality tables: “China

     capital remain unchanged. The operational                        Life Tables (2010 to 2013)”.

     assumptions are mainly based on the results of
     experience analyses of the Company, together
                                                              (4)     Morbidity
     with reference to the overall experience of the                  Morbidity       assumptions        have       been

     Chinese life insurance industry, as well as with                 developed based on the Company’s

     regard to expected future operating experience.                  past morbidity experience, expectations

     As such, these assumptions represent our best                    of current and future experience, and

     estimates of the future based on information                     taking into consideration future morbidity

     currently available at the valuation date.                       deterioration trend. Morbidity assumptions
                                                                      are expressed as a percentage of “China
                                                                      Life Insurance Experienced Critical Illness
                                                                      Table (2020)”.




                                                           BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  63
Section 5




       (5)   Invalidation rate and surrender               (9)   Tax
             rate
                                                                 Tax has been assumed to be payable at
             Assumptions     have     been    developed          25% p.a. of profits with allowance for the
             based on the Company’s experience of                exemption of certain investment income,
             invalidation and lapse, expectations of             including Chinese government bonds,
             current and future experience, and overall          and dividend income from equities and
             knowledge of the Chinese life insurance             equity investment funds. In addition, taxes
             market. Assumptions vary by product type            and surcharges for short-term health and
             and premium payment mode.                           accident business are based on related
                                                                 tax regulation.
       (6)   Expenses
             Unit   cost   assumptions       have   been   (10) Cost of required capital
             developed based on the Company’s past               It is assumed that the requirements under
             actual expense experience, expectations             Solvency II Phase I is applied throughout
             of current and future experience. Future            the course of projection and 100% of the
             inflation of 2.0% p.a. has been assumed             minimum capital requirement prescribed
             in respect of per policy expenses.                  by the National Administration of Financial
                                                                 Regulation (“former CBIRC”) is to be held
       (7)   Commission and handling fees
                                                                 by the Company in the calculation of the
             The assumed level of commission and
                                                                 value of in-force business and the value
             commission override, as well as handling
                                                                 of one year’s new business.
             fees, have been set based on the levels
             currently being paid.                         (11) Other assumptions
                                                                 The current methods for calculating
       (8)   Policyholder            bonuses        and
                                                                 surrender values are in line with the
             dividends
                                                                 requirements of National Administration of
             The assumptions regarding policyholder
                                                                 Financial Regulation (“former CBIRC”) and
             dividends have been derived in accordance
                                                                 have been assumed unaltered throughout
             with our current policyholder bonus and
                                                                 the course of projection.
             dividend policy, whereby 70% of surplus
             arising from participating business is paid
                                                                 Our current reinsurance arrangements
             to policyholders.
                                                                 have been assumed to remain unaltered.




64      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                                   About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate    Financial
                                                                                   China Life   Statement Performance Governance     Report




4.   EMBEDDED VALUE RESULTS
     The table below shows our embedded value and value of one year’s new business as of 31 Dec 2025 and
     their corresponding results as of prior valuation date.


     Embedded value
                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB in millions

      Valuation Date                                                                                 31 Dec 2025             31 Dec 2024

      Adjusted Net Worth                                                                                    212,414                189,233
      Value of In-Force Business Before Cost of Required Capital
          Held                                                                                              113,197                104,223
      Cost of Required Capital Held                                                                         (37,770)               (35,008)
      Value of In-Force Business After Cost of Required Capital                                              75,427                 69,215
          Held
      Embedded Value                                                                                        287,840                258,448


     Notes:

     1.       The impact of major reinsurance contracts has been reflected in the embedded value.

     2.       Numbers may not be additive due to rounding.



     Value of one year’s new business
                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB in millions

      Valuation Date                                                                                 31 Dec 2025             31 Dec 2024

      Value of One Year’s New Business Before Cost of Required
          Capital Held                                                                                       11,885                  8,468
      Cost of Required Capital Held                                                                           (2,043)               (2,215)
      Value of One Year’s New Business After Cost of Required
          Capital Held                                                                                         9,842                 6,253


     Notes:

     1.       The first year premiums used to calculate the value of one year’s new business as of 31 Dec 2025 and 31 Dec 2024 were RMB60,914
              million and RMB42,683 million respectively.

     2.       The impact of major reinsurance contracts has been reflected in the value of one year’s new business.

     3.       Numbers may not be additive due to rounding.




                                                                             BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                   65
Section 5




       Value of one year’s new business by channel
                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB in millions

        Valuation Date                                                                                 31 Dec 2025             31 Dec 2024

        Individual insurance channel                                                                             4,805                4,025
        Bancassurance channel                                                                                    5,273                2,509
        Group insurance channel                                                                                   (236)                (281)
        Total                                                                                                    9,842                6,253


       Notes:

       1.       The first year premiums used to calculate the value of one year’s new business as of 31 Dec 2025 and 31 Dec 2024 were RMB60,914
                million and RMB42,683 million respectively.

       2.       The impact of major reinsurance contracts has been reflected in the value of one year’s new business.

       3.       Numbers may not be additive due to rounding.


5.     ANALYSIS OF CHANGE
       The analysis of change in Embedded Value from 31 December 2024 to 31 December 2025 is shown below.


                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB in millions
                          Analysis of Change in EV from 31 December 2024 to 31 December 2025

        1.           EV at the beginning of period                                                                                 258,448
        2.           Impact of Value of New Business                                                                                  9,842
        3.           Expected Return                                                                                                 15,578
        4.           Operating Experience Variances                                                                                   6,884
        5.           Economic Experience Variances                                                                                    6,410
        6.           Operating Assumption Changes                                                                                    (4,222)
        7.           Economic Assumption Changes                                                                                           –
        8.           Capital Injection/Shareholder Dividend Payment                                                                  (8,298)
        9.           Others                                                                                                             198
        10.          Value Change Other Than Life Insurance Business                                                                  3,000
        11.          EV at the end of period                                                                                       287,840

       Note:    Numbers may not be additive due to rounding.



       Items 2 to 10 are explained below:


       2.       Value of new business as measured at the point of issuing.


       3.       Expected return on adjusted net worth and value of in-force business during the relevant period.


       4.       Reflects the difference between the actual operating experience in the period (including mortality,
                morbidity, discontinuance rates, expenses, taxes and etc.) and the assumed at the beginning of the
                period.


66      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                   About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                   China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




     5.      Reflects the difference between actual and expected investment returns, among other factors.


     6.      Reflects the change in operating assumptions between valuation dates.


     7.      Reflects the change in economic assumptions between valuation dates.


     8.      Capital injection and other dividend payment to shareholders.


     9.      Other miscellaneous items.


     10.     Value change other than those arising from the life insurance business.


6.   SENSITIVITY TESTS
     Sensitivity tests are performed under a range of alternative assumptions. In each of the sensitivity tests, only
     the assumption referred to is changed, with all other assumptions unchanged. The results are summarized
     below.


                                                                                                  Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                                                          Value of One
                                                                                                            Year’s New
                                                                                VIF after Cost of       Business after
      VIF and Value of One Year’s New Business Sensitivity                      Required Capital Cost of Required
        Results as of 31 Dec 2025                                                             Held         Capital Held

      Scenarios
      Base Scenario                                                                        75,427                   9,842
      Risk Discount Rate at 9.0%                                                           69,933                   9,373
      Risk Discount Rate at 8.0%                                                           81,375                  10,353
      Investment Return 50bps higher                                                      114,639                  12,956
      Investment Return 50bps lower                                                        36,965                   6,685
      Expenses 10% higher (110% of Base)                                                   73,201                   8,743
      Expenses 10% lower (90% of Base)                                                     77,652                  10,942
      Discontinuance Rates 10% higher (110% of Base)                                       77,039                   9,550
      Discontinuance Rates 10% lower (90% of Base)                                         73,698                  10,159
      Mortality 10% higher (110% of Base)                                                  74,458                   9,723
      Mortality 10% lower (90% of Base)                                                    76,401                   9,962
      Morbidity and Loss Ratio 10% higher (110% of Base)                                   69,700                   9,509
      Morbidity and Loss Ratio 10% lower (90% of Base)                                     81,209                  10,176
      Profit Sharing between Participating Policyholders and
           Shareholders is assumed to be 75%/25% instead of
           70%/30%                                                                         71,668                   9,656




                                                              BUSINESS PERFORMANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 67
Corporate
Governance
Section 6




DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES

CURRENT DIRECTORS AND MEMBERS OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT
As of the date of the disclosure of this report, details of current directors and members of senior management
(key personnel) of the Company are set out below:


                                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB10,000

                                                                                                                       Various benefits,
                                                                                                                         social security,
                                                                                                                                housing
                                                                                                                        provident fund,             Total        Whether
                                                                                                                              enterprise    remuneration        receiving
                                                                                                       Remuneration        annuity, etc.,     (before tax)   remuneration
                                                                                                       received from        paid by the     received from    from related
 Name                         Position                    Gender Date of birth   Term of office        the Company            Company       the Company           parties
 YANG Yucheng                 Chairman                    Male    June 1971      Since December 2023          165.55               26.29           191.84             No
                              Executive Director
 GONG Xingfeng                Executive Director          Male    October 1970   Since December 2024          126.00               40.12           166.12             No
                              President
                              Financial Principal
 YANG Xue                     Non-Executive Director      Female June 1974       Since October 2021                –                   –                –            Yes
 MAO Sixue(1)                 Non-Executive Director      Female October 1975    Since March 2025                  –                   –                –            Yes
 HU Aimin                     Non-Executive Director      Male    December 1973 Since June 2016                    –                   –                –            Yes
                        (2)
 ZHANG Xiaodong               Non-Executive Director      Male    October 1967   Since August 2025                 –                   –                –            Yes
                  (3)
 MA Yiu Tim                   Independent Non-Executive Male      October 1954   Since December 2019           22.68                   –            27.00             No
                                Director
 XU Xu                        Independent Non-Executive Female September 1978 Since December 2022              26.72                   –            32.00             No
                                Director
 GUO Yongqing                 Independent Non-Executive Male      October 1974   Since December 2022           26.72                   –            32.00             No
                                Director
 ZHUO Zhi(1)                  Independent Non-Executive Male      December 1963 Since June 2025                11.34                   –            13.50             No
                                Director
 QIN Hongbo                   Vice President              Male    August 1975    Since November 2021          126.00               35.31           161.31             No
 WANG Lianwen                 Vice President              Male    April 1968     Since December 2022          126.00               43.63           169.63             No
 LI Wenfeng                   Assistant President         Male    October 1981   Since February 2024          105.01               25.63           130.64             No
            (4)
 LIU Chen                     Assistant President         Female August 1974     Since March 2024             100.45               27.21           127.66             No
                              Chief Information Officer                          Since August 2025
 LIU Zhiyong(5)               Assistant President         Male    March 1972     Since March 2024             100.45               26.40           126.85             No
                              Board Secretary                                    Since April 2025




                                                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                             69
Section 6




                                                                                                           Various benefits,
                                                                                                             social security,
                                                                                                                    housing
                                                                                                            provident fund,             Total        Whether
                                                                                                                  enterprise    remuneration        receiving
                                                                                           Remuneration        annuity, etc.,     (before tax)   remuneration
                                                                                           received from        paid by the     received from    from related
 Name               Position                   Gender Date of birth    Term of office      the Company            Company       the Company           parties
 WANG Xigang        Chief Compliance Officer   Male    December 1973 Since April 2017             121.71               37.22           158.93             No
            (6)
 PAN Xing           Chief Actuary              Male    January 1977    Since March 2025            79.99               22.73           102.72             No


Notes:

1.       On 10 January 2025, the First Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 of the Company considered and approved the Proposal on the Election
         of Ms. MAO Sixue as a Non-executive Director of the Eighth Session of the Board and the Proposal on the Election of Mr. ZHUO Zhi as an
         Independent Non-executive Director of the Eighth Session of the Board. On 26 March 2025, the NFRA ratified the qualification of Ms. MAO Sixue
         as a director of the Company. On 5 June 2025, the NFRA ratified the qualification of Mr. ZHUO Zhi as an independent director of the Company.
         Ms. MAO Sixue and Mr. ZHUO Zhi have confirmed that they have obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing
         Rules on 16 December 2024 and understood their obligations as a director of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

2.       On 27 June 2025, the Annual General Meeting of 2024 of the Company considered and approved the Proposal on the Election of Mr. ZHANG
         Xiaodong as a Non-executive Director of the Eighth Session of the Board. On 6 August 2025, the NFRA ratified the qualification of Mr. ZHANG
         Xiaodong as a director of the Company. Mr. ZHANG Xiaodong has confirmed that he has obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of
         the Hong Kong Listing Rules on 6 August 2025 and understood his obligations as a director of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

3.       On 3 December 2025, as Mr. MA Yiu Tim had served as an independent non-executive director of the Company for six consecutive years, he
         tendered his resignation from positions as an independent non-executive director, member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and
         the Risk Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the Board in accordance with relevant regulations. Pursuant to relevant
         laws and regulations, the requirements of the securities regulatory authority where the Company’s shares are listed and the provisions of the
         Articles of Association, Mr. MA Yiu Tim maintained his directorship as an independent non-executive director and respective responsibilities in
         the Board committees, until a new independent non-executive director is elected by the shareholders’ general meeting of the Company and the
         qualification of the newly appointed independent non-executive director is approved by the NFRA.

         On 24 December 2025, the Fourth Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 of the Company considered and approved the Proposal on the Election
         of Directors of the Ninth Session of the Board. As approved by the shareholders’ general meeting, Mr. YANG Yucheng and Mr. GONG Xingfeng
         were elected as the executive directors of the ninth session of the Board, Ms. YANG Xue, Ms. MAO Sixue, Mr. HU Aimin and Mr. ZHANG
         Xiaodong were elected as the non-executive directors of the ninth session of the Board, and Ms. XU Xu, Mr. GUO Yongqing, Mr. ZHUO Zhi and
         Ms. Sau Fun CHEUNG were elected as the independent non-executive directors of the ninth session of the Board. In particular, the qualification
         of Ms. Sau Fun CHEUNG as an independent non-executive director is subject to the approval of the NFRA. Before her qualification is approved,
         Mr. MA Yiu Tim, an independent non-executive director of the Company, will continue to perform his duties in accordance with the requirements
         of laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association.

4.       On 28 August 2025, the 36th meeting of the eighth session of the Board agreed to appoint Ms. LIU Chen as the Chief Information Officer of
         the Company.

5.       On 9 December 2024, the 27th meeting of the eighth session of the Board agreed to appoint Mr. LIU Zhiyong as the Board Secretary and Joint
         Company Secretary of the Company. His qualification as Board Secretary was ratified by the NFRA on 10 April 2025.

6.       On 27 December 2024, the 28th meeting of the eighth session of the Board agreed to appoint Mr. PAN Xing as the Chief Actuary of the Company.
         His qualification as Chief Actuary was ratified by the NFRA on 28 March 2025.

7.       On 27 February 2026, the 4th meeting of the ninth session of the Board considered and approved the Proposal on the Appointment of Auditing
         Officer of the Company, and agreed to appoint Mr. TAN Li as the Auditing Officer of the Company. His qualification is subject to ratification by
         the NFRA.

8.       The remuneration of directors, supervisors and members of senior management of the Company shall be calculated for their relevant term
         of office during the reporting period. Total remuneration before income tax includes basic salaries, bonuses, allowances, subsidies, employee
         benefits, insurance premiums, provident funds, annuities and other forms of remuneration received from the Company. Similarly hereinafter.

9.       The performance bonus for the members of senior management in 2025 has not yet been finalized. Relevant details will be separately disclosed
         later.




70            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                                                       About New      Chairman’s  Business   Corporate              Financial
                                                                                                       China Life     Statement Performance Governance               Report




RESIGNED DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The resigned directors, supervisors and senior management (key personnel) of the Company as of the date of
the disclosure of this report are as follows:


                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB10,000

                                                                                                                                      Various
                                                                                                                                     benefits,
                                                                                                                              social security,
                                                                                                                                     housing
                                                                                                                              provident fund,             Total        Whether
                                                                                                                                   enterprise    remuneration         receiving
                                                                                                                Remuneration    annuity, etc.,     (before tax)   remuneration
                                                                                                                received from     paid by the    received from     from related
 Name            Position            Gender   Date of birth   Term of office           Reason for change         the Company        Company      the Company            parties
 HE Xingda       Non-Executive        Male    September       From October 2021 to     Work related reasons                 –                –               –             Yes
                   Director                     1979            March 2025
 LI Qiqiang      Non-Executive        Male    November        From August 2019 to      Work related reasons                 –                –               –             Yes
                   Director                     1971            June 2025
 LAI Guanrong    Independent Non- Male        December        From December 2022 to    Expiration of term of            22.68                –           27.00              No
                   Executive Director           1962            December 2025            office
 BI Tao          Auditing Officer     Male    January 1975    From September 2023 to   Work adjustment                  84.86            29.53          114.39              No
                                                                March 2026
 LIU Debin     Shareholder           Male     August 1967     From June 2021 to        The abolishment of the               –                –               –             Yes
                 Representative                                 January 2026             Board of Supervisors
                 Supervisor
               Chairman of
                 the Board of
                 Supervisors
 YU Jiannan    Shareholder           Male     March 1973      From February 2018 to    The abolishment of the               –                –               –             Yes
                 Representative                                 January 2026             Board of Supervisors
                 Supervisor
 LIU Chongsong Employee              Male     October 1965 From August 2019 to         The abolishment of the          110.02            35.85          145.86              No
                 Representative                              January 2026                Board of Supervisors
                 Supervisor
 WANG Zhongzhu Employee              Male     October 1967 From March 2016 to          The abolishment of the           74.32            32.81          107.13              No
                 Representative                              January 2026                Board of Supervisors
                 Supervisor


The Third Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 of the Company held on 31 October 2025 considered and approved
the Proposal on Amendments to the Articles of Association and the Abolishment of the Board of Supervisors. On
13 January 2026, the NFRA approved the amendments to the Articles of Association. The Board of Supervisors
was cancelled and Mr. LIU Debin, Mr. YU Jiannan, Mr. LIU Chongsong and Mr. WANG Zhongzhu ceased to serve
as supervisors of the Company as of the same date.




                                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                                     71
Section 6




BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Biographies of directors
As of the date of the disclosure of this report, the biographies of current directors of the Company are as follows:


                                  Mr. YANG Yucheng | Chinese
                                  Mr. YANG Yucheng has been the Executive Director and Chairman of the
                                  Company since December 2023 and the Secretary of the Party Committee
                                  of the Company since August 2023. From May 2019 to August 2023, Mr.
                                  Yang served as the deputy secretary of the Party Committee of Shenwan
                                  Hongyuan Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the SZSE, stock code: 000166;
                                  the HKSE, stock code: 06806) and Shenwan Hongyuan Securities Co., Ltd., and
                                  the executive director and general manager of Shenwan Hongyuan Securities
                                  Co., Ltd. From December 2014 to May 2019, Mr. Yang served as a member
                                  of the Party Committee of Shenwan Hongyuan Group Co., Ltd. and Shenwan
                                  Hongyuan Securities Co., Ltd., and the chairman of the board of supervisors of
                                  Shenwan Hongyuan Group Co. Ltd. From May 2008 to December 2014, Mr.
                                  Yang successively served as a member of the Party Committee, the secretary of
                                  the Commission for Discipline Inspection, the deputy general manager and the
                                  chairman of the board of supervisors of Hongyuan Securities Co., Ltd. Before that,
                                  Mr. Yang served as principal staff member of the National Administrative Bureau
                                  of State-Owned Property, assistant to the special inspector of the State Council,
                                  full-time supervisor of the board of supervisors in state-owned enterprises under
                                  Work Committee of Central Enterprises of the Communist Party of China (中共
                                  中央企業工作委員會), director of the comprehensive affairs department of China
                                  Netcom Corporation Limited (中國網絡通信有限公司), office head and assistant
                                  president of China Economic and Technology Investment and Guaranty Co., Ltd.
                                  (中國經濟技術投資擔保有限公司), etc. Mr. Yang obtained his master’s degree in
                                  economics from Renmin University of China in 2000.




72      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Mr. GONG Xingfeng | Chinese
Mr. GONG Xingfeng has been an Executive Director, the President and the Financial
Principal of the Company since December 2024. Mr. Gong has successively
served as an assistant to general manager of actuarial department, deputy general
manager of underwriting and claim settlement department, general manager
of customer service department, chief actuary officer, assistant president, vice
president, chief actuary and the board secretary since he joined the Company
in January 1999. He also worked as the head of investment business and the
chairman of the board of supervisors of New China Asset Management Company,
the director and chief actuary of New China Pension Company. Prior to joining the
Company, Mr. Gong once worked in People’s Bank of China and former China
Insurance Regulatory Commission. Mr. Gong holds a senior economist title. He
is a Fellow of China Association of Actuaries (FCAA, the designation for CAA
fellows) and a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants
(FCMA, the designation for CIMA fellows). He is currently serving as an executive
member of China Association of Actuaries. Mr. Gong received his master’s
degree in economics from Central University of Finance and Economics in 1996
and obtained his master’s degree in business administration from China Europe
International Business School in 2011.



Ms. YANG Xue | Chinese
Ms. YANG Xue has been a Non-executive Director of the Company since October
2021, a Director of New China Pension Company since October 2023 and a
Director of New China Asset Management Company since October 2025. Ms.
Yang is currently working as managing director in Huijin. Ms. Yang joined CIC
in December 2010, and successively worked as deputy senior manager, senior
manager and the head of training and development team of human resources
department, senior manager of organization department of the Party Committee/
human resources department, director of training and development division/
Party School Office in CIC. Before that, Ms. Yang worked in Societe Generale
(China) Limited, BP (China) Investment Company Limited, etc. Ms. Yang obtained
her master’s degree in business administration from Fordham University in the
United States in 2010. Ms. Yang possesses the human resources management
qualification (Level 1).




                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 73
Section 6




                               Ms. MAO Sixue | Chinese
                               Ms. MAO Sixue has been a Non-executive Director of the Company since March
                               2025 and a Director of New China Asset Management Company since October
                               2025. Ms. Mao is currently working as the managing director in Huijin. Ms. Mao
                               joined CIC in June 2008, and she successively engaged in foreign investment
                               in the equity investment department, the special investment department, Junyi
                               asset management company (君義資產管理公司), the investment department
                               II and the private equity investment department II, serving as deputy senior
                               manager, senior manager and team leader. Prior to that, Ms. Mao worked in
                               Dacheng Fund Management Co., Ltd. and Orient Fund Management Co., Ltd.
                               Ms. Mao obtained her master’s degree in economics from Central University of
                               Finance and Economics in 2001, and obtained her master’s degree in business
                               administration from the University of Chicago in the United States in 2008.



                               Mr. HU Aimin | Chinese
                               Mr. HU Aimin has been a Non-executive Director of the Company since June
                               2016. Mr. Hu is currently the general manager of Industrial Finance Development
                               Center of China Baowu, the secretary of the Party Committee and chairman of
                               Hwabao Investment, the chairman of Hwabao (Shanghai) Equity Investment Co.,
                               Ltd. and Hwabao Futures Co., Ltd., as well as the director of CICC Ruide (Shanghai)
                               Equity Investment and Management Co., Ltd., and China Bohai Bank Co., Ltd. (a
                               company listed on the HKSE, stock code: 09668). Before that, Mr. Hu once served
                               as the chairman and secretary of the Party Committee of Hwabao Investment, the
                               director and general manager of Hwabao Investment, the chairman of Hwabao
                               Securities Co., Ltd., the general manager of Industrial Finance Development
                               Center and secretary of Industrial Finance Working Party Committee of China
                               Baowu, the director, secretary of the Party Committee and senior vice president
                               of Shanghai Baosteel Packaging Co., Ltd., the general manager of investment
                               management department in Industrial Finance Development Center of China
                               Baowu, and the general manager of capital operation department and investment
                               management department of Baosteel Group. Mr. Hu obtained his bachelor’s
                               degree in economics from Jiangxi University of Finance and Economics in 1995.




74      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                 About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                 China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Mr. ZHANG Xiaodong | Chinese
Mr. ZHANG Xiaodong has been a Non-executive Director of the Company since
August 2025. Mr. Zhang currently serves as a director of Shanxi Taigang Stainless
Steel Co., Ltd. (“TISCO”, a company listed on the SZSE, stock code: 000825).
Prior to that, Mr. Zhang served as the chairman and secretary to the Party Branch
of Hwabao (Shanghai) Equity Investment Co., Ltd., the deputy chief accountant
of Taiyuan Iron & Steel (Group) Co., Ltd. (“TISCO Group”), a supervisor of
TISCO, the head of the accounting and finance department of TISCO Group,
the general manager of TISCO (Tianjin) Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (太鋼(天津)融
資租賃有限公司), the general manager of TISCO (Tianjin) Commercial Factoring
Co., Ltd. (太鋼(天津)商業保理有限公司), a member of standing committee of the
Party Committee and chief accountant of TISCO Group, a member of standing
committee of the Party Committee of TISCO, the head of the Carbon Neutrality
Fund Preparatory Group of China Baowu, etc. Mr. Zhang obtained his master’s
degree in business administration from Renmin University of China in 2014 and
holds the professional title of senior accountant.



Mr. MA Yiu Tim | Chinese (Hong Kong Permanent Resident)
Mr. MA Yiu Tim has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company
since December 2019. Mr. Ma is a barrister at Liberty Chambers and a consultant
of ETR Law Firm (Dongguan) (廣信君達(東莞)律師事務所) as a practicing lawyer
in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. Mr. Ma started his legal
career as Crown Counsel in 1985 and obtained the license for practicing lawyer
in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area in 2023. He served as Counsel
to the Legislative of Hong Kong from February 1996 to June 2015. Mr. Ma
was admitted to the State Bar of California. He is also a senior fellow of The
Hong Kong Institute of Directors, HKMAAL Accredited General Mediator, a
mediator in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, a senior fellow of
Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators and the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, an
arbitrator of China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission,
an arbitrator of Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration, and an arbitrator of
Dongguan Arbitration Commission and Hainan International Arbitration Court.
Mr. Ma graduated from University of London with a master’s degree in law in
1988. He also obtained a PhD in law from Peking University in 2005. Mr. Ma was
appointed as Justice of the Peace in 1998 and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia
Star by the Chief Executive of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in 2015.




                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  75
Section 6




                               Ms. XU Xu | Chinese
                               Ms. XU Xu has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since
                               December 2022. Ms. Xu is currently the head and professor of the department of
                               risk management and insurance at Beijing Technology and Business University,
                               also serving as the executive vice president of Institute of Pension Finance (中國
                               養老金融研究院) and the deputy dean of China Insurance Research Institute. She
                               is also the head of Academic Committee of The Insurance Institute of Beijing, and
                               an industry consultant and expert in the government procurement projects for
                               Beijing Government Procurement Center. Ms. Xu obtained her doctor’s degree
                               in economics from Renmin University of China in 2006.



                               Mr. GUO Yongqing | Chinese
                               Mr. GUO Yongqing has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the
                               Company since December 2022. Mr. Guo is currently a professor of Shanghai
                               National Accounting Institute, a member of the Advisory Committee for Chinese
                               Enterprise Accounting Standards and a member of the Strategy Committee for
                               Chinese Accounting Standards. Mr. Guo also serves as an independent director
                               of Shanghai Electric Power Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the SSE, stock code:
                               600021), J-Yuan Trust Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the SSE, stock code:
                               600816) and Bank of Jiaxing Co., Ltd. Mr. Guo once served as an independent
                               non-executive director of Shanghai Haohai Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (a
                               company listed on the SSE, stock code: 688366; the HKSE, stock code: 06826),
                               Yango Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the SZSE, stock code: 000671),
                               Tianjin Capital Environmental Protection Group Company Limited (a company
                               listed on the SSE and HKSE, stock codes: 600874 and 01065, respectively),
                               Chongqing Porton Pharmacy Science & Technology Co., Ltd. (a company listed
                               on the SZSE, stock code: 300363), Fosun Tourism Group, etc. Mr. Guo holds the
                               certified public accountant (CPA) qualification and obtained his doctor’s degree
                               in accounting from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics in 2002.




76      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Mr. ZHUO Zhi | Chinese
Mr. ZHUO Zhi has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company
since June 2025. Mr. Zhuo is currently the director and professor of the China
Insurance Development Research Center of Southwestern University of Finance
and Economics, and also serves as a member of the Applied Economics Discipline
Appraisal Group of the Academic Degrees Committee under the State Council (
國務院應用經濟學學科評議組), the deputy director of the Undergraduate Steering
Committee for Finance Teaching under the Ministry of Education (教育部金融學類
本科教學指導委員會), the deputy director of China National Master of Insurance
Education Supervisory Committee (全國保險專業學位研究生教育指導委員會),
etc. Mr. Zhuo concurrently serves as an independent director of Sichuan Rural
Commercial Bank (四川農商聯合銀行) and Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. Mr.
Zhuo previously served as deputy secretary of the Party Committee, president
and professor of Shandong University of Finance and Economics, and held the
positions of deputy secretary of the Party Committee, president and professor
of Southwestern University of Finance and Economics. Mr. Zhuo obtained his
doctor’s degree in monetary banking (insurance) from Southwestern University of
Finance and Economics in 1997, and conducted postdoctoral research in insurance
risk management at the University of Mannheim in Germany from 1997 to 1999.




                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  77
Section 6




Members of senior management
As of the date of the disclosure of this report, the biographies of current senior management (key personnel) of
the Company are as follows:


Please refer to the biographies of current directors in this section for Mr. GONG Xingfeng’s biography.


                                 Mr. QIN Hongbo | Chinese
                                 Mr. QIN Hongbo has been a Vice President of the Company since November
                                 2021. He has been the Director and Chairman of New China Asset Management
                                 Company since November 2024 and the Head of Regulatory Statistics of the
                                 Company since July 2025. Mr. Qin joined the Company in September 2021.
                                 He served as chief risk officer of the Company from September 2022 to May
                                 2024. Mr. Qin once served as the general manager of development and reform
                                 department, employee representative supervisor, head of the board of directors
                                 office, general manager of strategy and development department, chief strategy
                                 officer and spokesman of China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation. He once
                                 worked as the supervisor, director and deputy general manager of China Continent
                                 Property & Casualty Insurance Company Ltd., director of China Life Reinsurance
                                 Company Ltd. and China Reinsurance (Hong Kong) Company Limited. Mr. Qin
                                 obtained his PhD in economics from University of International Business and
                                 Economics in 2011 and holds a senior economist title.



                                 Mr. WANG Lianwen | Chinese
                                 Mr. WANG Lianwen has been a Vice President of the Company since December
                                 2022. Mr. Wang had been an assistant president of the Company from February
                                 2017 to December 2022 and the general manager of Zhejiang branch of the
                                 Company from September 2019 to July 2022. Since joining the Company in May
                                 2010, Mr. Wang had successively served as the legal person business director of
                                 the Company, the corporate director and regional general manager of Northwest
                                 China and the general manager of Shaanxi branch, an assistant president of
                                 the Company, deputy general manager of New China Pension Company and
                                 temporary responsible person of Zhejiang branch of the Company. Mr. Wang
                                 holds professional intermediate accountant and economist titles. He received
                                 his PhD in economics from Fudan University in 2004.




78      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                 About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                 China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Mr. LI Wenfeng | Chinese
Mr. LI Wenfeng has been an Assistant President of the Company since February
2024, the Secretary of the Party Committee of New China Pension Company
since March 2024 and the Chairman of New China Pension Company since
July 2024. Mr. Li was designated as the director of China Reinsurance (Group)
Corporation (a company listed on the HKSE, stock code: 01508) by Huijin from
August 2023 to May 2024. From February 2019 to December 2023, Mr. Li served
as deputy senior manager of the securities management department/insurance
management department, head and senior manager of the office of directly-
managing enterprises/the third division of equity management department II of
Huijin, during which he was on secondment as a deputy director of Chaoyang
Park Management Committee (Bureau of Technical Information of Chaoyang
District) in Zhongguancun Science Park (中關村科技園區朝陽園管委會(朝陽區科技
和信息化局)). From September 2009 to February 2019, Mr. Li served as manager
of the board of supervisors office/internal audit department, and deputy senior
manager of the office/board of directors office/Party Committee office of CIC. Mr.
Li worked in Jinan Regional Office of National Audit Office (審計署濟南特派辦)
and Information Postal Audit Bureau of National Audit Office (審計署信息郵政審
計局). Mr. Li obtained his master’s degree in economics from Dongbei University
of Finance and Economics in 2008 and holds a professional auditor qualification.



Ms. LIU Chen | Chinese
Ms. LIU Chen has been an Assistant President of the Company since March 2024
and Chief Information Officer since August 2025. Ms. Liu joined the Company
in 1996 and was appointed as corporate director in 2013. From December
2003 to March 2024, Ms. Liu served as general manager of customer service
department, premium department and customer service department/consumer
rights protection department. Ms. Liu obtained her master’s degree in economics
from Central University of Finance and Economics, obtained her EMBA degree
from Tsinghua University in 2012, and possesses professional qualifications as
a certified economist and Fellow of the Life Management Institute (FLMI).




                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  79
Section 6




                               Mr. LIU Zhiyong | Chinese
                               Mr. LIU Zhiyong has been an Assistant President of the Company since March
                               2024 and the Board Secretary of the Company since April 2025. Mr. Liu is
                               concurrently the Head of the Party Organization Committee of the Company. Mr.
                               Liu once served as senior manager of the human resources department and the
                               head of the research and planning team of CIC, the designated supervisor of the
                               securities management department/insurance management department of Huijin,
                               general manager of the human resources department of the Company and vice
                               president of NCI Research and Training Institute. Mr. Liu once worked in PICC
                               Property and Casualty Company Limited. Mr. Liu obtained his PhD in management
                               from Renmin University of China in 2017 and holds an economist title.




                               Mr. WANG Xigang | Chinese
                               Mr. WANG Xigang works as the Chief Compliance Officer of the Company. Mr.
                               Wang joined the Company in 1998 and served as general manager of legal affairs
                               department, legal compliance department, legal compliance and risk management
                               department, and general manager (as the corporate director) of legal compliance
                               and risk management department and legal compliance department since 2005.
                               Mr. Wang obtained his PhD in law from Renmin University of China in 2008,
                               obtained his EMBA from School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua
                               University in 2011, and is qualified as a practicing lawyer of the People’s Republic
                               of China.



                               Mr. PAN Xing | Chinese
                               Mr. PAN Xing has been the Chief Actuary and General Manager of the Product and
                               Market Department of the Company. Mr. Pan engaged in product development
                               since joining the Company in 2003. Mr. Pan was appointed as assistant to
                               general manager of the product development department in June 2017 and
                               deputy general manager of the product development department in March
                               2022. In November 2022, he was transferred to New China Pension Company,
                               where he served as the chief actuary, financial principal and general manager
                               of the operation management center. Mr. Pan obtained his PhD in finance from
                               University of International Business and Economics in 2014 and he is a Fellow
                               of China Association of Actuaries.




80      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




OTHER POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
As of the date of the disclosure of this report, major positions of directors and members of senior management
of the Company in corporate shareholders and other entities are as follows:


Positions in corporate shareholders
 Name               Corporate shareholders                      Position                    Term
 YANG Xue           Huijin                                      Managing Director           Since August 2021
 MAO Sixue          Huijin                                      Managing Director           Since November 2024


Major positions in other entities
 Name               Other entities                              Position                    Term
 HU Aimin           Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd.                 Secretary of the            Since December 2019
                                                                 Party Committee,
                                                                 Chairman of the
                                                                 Board of Directors
                    Hwabao Futures Co., Ltd.                    Chairman of the             Since March 2024
                                                                 Board of Directors
                    Hwabao (Shanghai) Equity Investment         Chairman of the             Since June 2025
                     Co., Ltd.                                   Board of Directors
                    CICC Ruide (Shanghai) Equity Investment     Director                    Since January 2016
                     and Management Co., Ltd.
                    China Bohai Bank Co., Ltd.                  Director                    Since September 2018
 ZHANG Xiaodong     Shanxi Taigang Stainless Steel Co., Ltd.    Director                    Since December 2018
 GUO Yongqing       Shanghai Electric Power Co., Ltd.           Independent Director Since June 2021
                    J-Yuan Trust Co., Ltd.                      Independent Director Since September 2022
                    Bank of Jiaxing Co., Ltd.                   Independent Director Since March 2023
 ZHUO Zhi           Sichuan Rural Commercial Bank               Independent Director Since January 2024
                    Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.             Independent Director Since February 2025




                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 81
Section 6




REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND                                evaluation results. The Company has established a
SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                            position-based and performance-oriented remuneration
                                                             incentive system with reference to the market benchmark.
In accordance with the market-oriented and international
                                                             The remuneration of senior management comprises
principles, the remuneration of directors and senior
                                                             basic remuneration, performance bonus, welfare and
management of the Company is determined based
                                                             allowances, etc. The Company has implemented a
on the factors such as the Company’s operating
                                                             deferred payment system and recourse and deduction
results and performance evaluation with reference to
                                                             system for performance bonus of senior management
the remuneration in the market. The Administrative
                                                             with the payment term of three years according to the
Measures    on Remuneration of Senior Management
                                                             regulatory requirements.
serves as the basis for determining the remuneration of
senior management of the Company. The Nomination
                                                             During the reporting period, the Company had no equity-
and Remuneration Committee under the Board
                                                             based incentive plan or any other long-term incentive
formulates evaluation plans and remuneration schemes
                                                             plans.
for directors and senior management. Independent non-
executive directors express their independent opinions
                                                             SHAREHOLDING OF DIRECTORS AND
on remuneration or incentive measures of directors and
                                                             SENIOR MANAGEMENT
senior management of the Company. The remuneration
                                                             Shareholding of the Company’s A shares
of directors is approved by shareholders’ general
                                                             by directors and senior management
meeting, while the remuneration of senior management
                                                             No directors or members of senior management of
is approved by the meeting of the Board.
                                                             the Company currently in office or resigned during the
                                                             reporting period held any of the Company’s A shares
During the reporting period, the aggregate amount
                                                             directly or indirectly.
of pre-tax remuneration that directors and senior
management (key personnel) received from the Company         Interests and short positions of directors
was RMB18.3458 million. For detailed remuneration of         and chief executives in shares under Hong
each individual, please refer to the relevant part in this   Kong laws and regulations
section.                                                     Please refer to Section 10 “Changes in Share Capital
                                                             and Shareholders’ Profile” of this report.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee under the
Board is in charge of performance evaluation of senior       PUNISHMENT       BY  SECURITY
management of the Company. The annual performance            REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE
evaluation plan is determined in accordance with the         PREVIOUS THREE YEARS
medium- and long-term development strategy and annual        Neither directors nor members of senior management
operation plan of the Company and implemented upon           of the Company currently in office or resigned during
consideration and approval by the Board. The annual          the reporting period were subject to the punishment
performance bonus of senior management is linked to          by securities regulatory authority in the previous three
operating results of the Company and their individual        years.




82      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                                     About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                                     China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




EMPLOYEES
As of 31 December 2025, there were a total of 27,726 employees who entered into employment contracts with
the Company (life insurance headquarters, 35 branches and major subsidiaries(1)).


 Expertise                                                                                                        Number       Proportion
 Management                                                                                                         1,843             6.6%
 Professional personnel                                                                                             6,314            22.8%
 Marketing and marketing management                                                                                16,687            60.2%
     Of which: contractual field sales personnel                                                                    5,401            19.5%
 Other                                                                                                              2,882            10.4%
 Total                                                                                                             27,726            100%


Note:

1.      Major subsidiaries refer to subsidiaries whose 50% or more of the shares are being held by the Company.


 Education background                                                                                             Number       Proportion
 Master’s degree and above                                                                                          2,286             8.2%
 Bachelor’s degree                                                                                                 20,469            73.8%
 Lower than bachelor’s degree                                                                                       4,971            18.0%
 Total                                                                                                             27,726            100%


 Gender (including senior management)                                                                             Number       Proportion
 Male                                                                                                              10,229            36.9%
 Female                                                                                                            17,497            63.1%
 Total                                                                                                             27,726            100%


The Company believed it achieved gender diversity in its workforce during the reporting period. The Company will
continue to recruit employees and conduct annual review to maintain gender diversity in its workforce.




                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                   83
Section 6




REMUNERATION POLICY AND TRAINING                               In 2026, employee training will be guided by the
PLAN FOR EMPLOYEES                                             Company’s “15th Five-Year Plan”, consolidate learning
                                                               mechanisms, deepen training effectiveness and
In accordance with business nature and talent competition
                                                               innovate talent development models to achieve the
in the market, the Company provides employees with
                                                               “Comprehensive Deepening Year” development goal
competitive remuneration and bonus with reference to
                                                               for a learning-oriented organization, thereby providing
the level of its counterparts in the industry. Insisting
                                                               capability support for the high-quality development of
on the remuneration philosophy of paying according
                                                               the Company. The agent training will closely center on
to the ability, position and performance, the Company
                                                               “systematic, specialized, intelligent and standardized”
encourages employees to upgrade their competency and
                                                               transformation. With the team as its foundation, the
steadily achieve and exceed the ability required by the
                                                               Company will continue to implement the WLP training.
positions, thereby gaining corresponding remuneration.
As required by the P.R.C. government, the Company
                                                               THE NUMBER OF RESIGNED AND RETIRED
provides employees with various social securities and
                                                               EMPLOYEES WITH EXPENSES BORNE BY
housing provident fund. At the same time, the Company
                                                               THE COMPANY
establishes a variety of benefit treatments available for
its employees, including corporate annuities to meet           There were no resigned and retired employees with

diverse needs of different employee groups.                    expenses borne by the Company.



In 2025, the Company promoted the construction of a
learning-oriented organization to serve national strategies,
prevent and resolve financial risks and contribute to its
high-quality development. Various trainings including
political competence, leadership, professional ability and
general ability were tailored to different employees,
achieving 100% coverage with an annual average
training duration exceeding 103 hours per employee.
For training of sales team, the Company continued to
advance the WLP training system, recording over 1.18
million training participations throughout the year with an
average learning duration exceeding 47 hours per agent.




84      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Section 7




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
In strict compliance with the Company Law, Insurance Law, Securities Law, Corporate Governance Code and
other applicable laws and administrative regulations as well as requirements of domestic and overseas regulatory
authorities on corporate governance, the Company continued to build the corporate governance system featuring
“clear delineation of powers and responsibilities, each party fulfilling its respective duties, mutual coordination,
and effective checks and balances” to enhance governance efficiency. During the reporting period, the Company
strengthened the top-level design of corporate governance, and the proposal on amendments to the Articles
of Association and the abolishment of the board of supervisors has been considered and approved at the Third
Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025, which has been ratified by the NFRA.


                                        Corporate Governance Structure


                                               Shareholders’ General Meeting




                                                    Board of Directors




                        Investment and Asset        Audit and Related          Nomination and   Risk Management and
     Strategy and
                        Liability Management         Party Transaction          Remuneration       Consumer Rights
    ESG Committee
                               Committee            Control Committee             Committee     Protection Committee




                                                   Executive Committee




                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025        85
Section 7




Shareholders’ rights and communication                        writing to the Board and make sure that the aforesaid
with minority shareholders                                    proposals do not violate laws, rules, regulations and the

Shareholders’ rights                                          Articles of Association. Shareholders shall comply with
                                                              the provisions and procedures regarding the convening
The Company places emphasis on communication
                                                              of an extraordinary general meeting as set out in the
with shareholders to facilitate their understanding of
                                                              Articles of Association.
the Company’s performance, prospects and market
environment, and fully protects their right to know.
                                                              Shareholder(s) shall have the right to make extraordinary
The Company also prioritizes the formulation of dividend
                                                              proposals to the shareholders’ general meeting. Pursuant
policies to ensure reasonable investment returns for
                                                              to the Articles of Association, shareholder(s) individually
shareholders.
                                                              or jointly holding 1% or more of the Company’s shares
                                                              shall make extraordinary proposals 12 days prior to the
According to the Articles of Association, the shareholders’
                                                              convening of shareholders’ general meeting and notify
general meeting is the supreme authority of the Company
                                                              the convener in writing.
and shall exercise the following functions and powers:
to elect and replace directors from non-employees’
                                                              Shareholder(s) shall have the right to make enquiries
representatives and to decide the remuneration of
                                                              to the Company for relevant information. According to
directors; to consider and approve the profit distribution
                                                              the Articles of Association, shareholders may obtain the
plan and loss recovery plan of the Company; to resolve
                                                              information such as the list of registered shareholders,
on the increase or decrease in the registered capital of
                                                              profiles of directors, President and senior management,
the Company; to resolve on listing, share repurchase
                                                              share capital and minutes of shareholders’ general
and issue of securities such as corporate bonds of the
                                                              meetings (for reference only). Shareholders shall make
Company; and to review and amend the Articles of
                                                              requests to the Company in writing and provide evidence
Association, etc.
                                                              of equity interests for inspection of or access to relevant
                                                              information. For details, please refer to the Articles of
Shareholder(s) shall have the right to propose convening
                                                              Association disclosed by the Company on the website
an extraordinary general meeting. Pursuant to the
                                                              of the HKSE and the official website of the Company.
Articles of Association, shareholder(s) individually or
jointly holding 10% or more of the total voting shares
                                                              For the contact information for making extraordinary
of the Company for at least 90 consecutive days
                                                              proposals or enquiries by shareholders, please refer to
(“Proposing Shareholders”) shall have the right to
                                                              Section 1 “Corporate Information” of this report.
propose to the Board to convene an extraordinary
general meeting. When proposing an extraordinary
general meeting, the Proposing Shareholders shall
submit topics and proposals with complete contents in




86      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                     About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                     China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Communication with minority                                  Directors and Board of Directors
shareholders
                                                             As of the date of the disclosure of this report, the
The shareholders’ general meeting improved the               Board consisted of 10 directors, including 2 executive
communication channels with shareholders, and                directors, 4 non-executive directors and 4 independent
actively gathered comments and suggestions from              non-executive directors. Directors serve a term of three
shareholders, ensuring that shareholders had the rights      years and are eligible for re-election, but the cumulative
to know, participate in and vote on material matters of      term of independent non-executive directors shall not
the Company, and creating a sound environment for            exceed 6 years. The number of directors and composition
shareholders to participate in decision-making and to        of the Board are in compliance with applicable laws,
equally exercise rights. Shareholders were also familiar     regulation and regulatory requirements.
with the procedures for conducting a poll in detail.

                                                             To the knowledge of the Company, members of
The Company strictly abided by relevant regulations          the Board, directors and senior management of the
and requirements on corporate governance and the             Company do not have any financial, business, family or
protection of minority investors. Adhering to being          other material relations with other directors or senior
responsible for shareholders, the Company refined            management.
corporate governance and optimized communication
with investors. The senior management answered in
                                                             Corporate governance function
detail the concerned questions from minority investors
                                                             The Board is responsible for exercising the corporate
at results announcement. The Company had daily
                                                             governance function and has fulfilled its duties and
interaction with minority investors by answering
                                                             responsibilities as provided by the Corporate Governance
hotlines and replying to its investor relations emails and
                                                             Code. During the reporting period, details of corporate
responding to messages on the E-interactive platform
                                                             governance function of the Board were as follows:
of the SSE. And the Company protected the rights and
                                                             to formulate and review the Company’s policies and
interests of minority investors by adopting online voting
                                                             practices on corporate governance; to review and monitor
during shareholders’ general meetings, sending SMS
                                                             the training and continuous professional development of
reminders for meeting notices, counting votes from
                                                             directors and senior management; to review and monitor
minority investors separately, and implementing public
                                                             the Company’s policies and practices in compliance
disclosure mechanisms.
                                                             with laws and regulatory requirements; to review the
                                                             Company’s compliance with Corporate Governance
                                                             Code and disclosure in Corporate Governance Report;
                                                             to formulate the Company’s overall strategy, objectives
                                                             and approaches, business plans and investment plans,
                                                             etc.




                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  87
Section 7




Corporate Culture                                             Duties of the Board
The Company remains committed to its role as a                In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Board
state-owned financial enterprise, cultivates a financial      shall exercise the following functions and powers: to
culture with Chinese characteristics, and steadfastly         convene the shareholders’ general meeting and report
advances the development and implementation of its            its work to the shareholders’ general meeting; to
corporate culture. By fostering a culture of integrity, the   implement the resolutions passed at the shareholders’
Company aims to lay a solid spiritual foundation for its      general meeting; to determine the operation plan and
reform and development and rally the strength needed          investment scheme of the Company, to control and
to drive progress. The Company has carried forward            monitor financial conditions and utilization of funds of
the market-oriented genes of pioneering and fighting,         the Company; to decide the development strategy of the
whilst promoting the NCI spirit of “professional iron         Company and supervise the implementation of strategy;
army, pursuit of excellence, benevolence and virtue,          to decide the annual financial budget and final accounts
inheritance and innovation”. The Company has rolled           of the Company; to formulate the profit distribution plan
out a series of activities to promote corporate culture       and loss recovery plan of the Company, etc.
throughout the year, organising cultural activities such
as awards ceremonies, themed speeches, seminars
and training sessions and cultural creativity exhibitions.
More than 150 activities have been held, which has
brought to the fore a group of vivid practitioners of the
NCI Spirit, effectively inspiring the enthusiasm of our
staff and management to take initiative and achieve
success. The cohesion, unity and combat effectiveness
of our workforce have continued to strengthen, providing
a solid cultural foundation and spiritual impetus for
the Company’s sound management and sustainable
development.




88      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                                            About New       Chairman’s  Business   Corporate     Financial
                                                                                            China Life      Statement Performance Governance      Report




Attendance of meetings of the Board and Board committees
The meetings of Board held during the year
 Number of the meetings of the Board held during the year                                                                                              14
     Including: Number of on-site meetings                                                                                                             14
                   Number of meetings held via other communication means                                                                                 0
                   Number of on-site meetings assisted by other communication means                                                                      0


During the reporting period, all directors fulfilled their duties, participated in the meetings of the Board and Board
committees, and made prudent decisions on the basis of in-depth understanding of situations. The directors’
attendance at each meeting was as follows:


                                                      Attendance in person/Number of scheduled attendance
                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                                                                     Whether one                                                               Management
                                                                     has failed to                 Investment      Audit and                            and
                                                                       attend two                    and Asset Related Party   Nomination        Consumer
                           Shareholders’                              consecutive         Strategy     Liability Transaction         and             Rights
                                general     Meetings of   Attendance meetings in          and ESG Management         Control Remuneration        Protection
 Name                           meeting      the Board      by proxy       person       Committee Committee Committee          Committee        Committee
 Executive Directors
 YANG Yucheng                        5/5          14/14            0             No            9/9             9/9          –(1)         –                –
 GONG Xingfeng                       5/5          14/14            0             No            9/9             9/9           –           –                –

 Non-executive Directors
 YANG Xue                            5/5          14/14            0             No            8/8               –           –          9/9           13/13
 MAO Sixue(2)                        3/3          11/11            0             No              –             6/6         7/7            –               –
 HU Aimin                            5/5          14/14            0             No            9/9             9/9           –            –               –
 ZHANG Xiaodong(2)                   2/2            7/7            0             No              –               –         3/3          3/3             5/5

 Independent Non-executive Directors
 MA Yiu Tim                          5/5          14/14            0             No               –             –            –          9/9           13/13
 XU Xu                               5/5          14/14            0             No               –             –        10/10          9/9           13/13
 GUO Yongqing                        5/5          14/14            0             No               –             –        10/10          9/9           13/13
 ZHUO Zhi(2)(3)                      3/3            9/9            0             No           0/0(3)            –          5/5          5/5               –

 Resigned Non-executive Directors
 HE Xingda                           2/2            3/3            0             No               –            3/3         3/3            –             3/3
 LI Qiqiang                          2/2            5/5            0             No               –              –         5/5          4/4             5/5

 Resigned Independent Non-executive Directors
 LAI Guanrong                        5/5          12/12            0             No            9/9             8/8       10/10           –                –

Notes:

1.       “–” means such director is not a member of the Board committees.

2.       The qualifications of Ms. MAO Sixue as a non-executive director and Mr. ZHUO Zhi as an independent non-executive director have been ratified
         in March 2025 and June 2025, respectively. Both of them were present at the First Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 held on 10 January
         2025 as candidates for directors. The qualification of Mr. ZHANG Xiaodong as a non-executive director has been ratified in August 2025, and he
         was present at the Annual General Meeting of 2024 held on 27 June 2025 as a candidate for director.

3.       Mr. ZHUO Zhi, an independent non-executive director of the Company, was elected as a member of the Strategy and ESG Committee at the 1st
         meeting of the ninth session of the Board held on 24 December 2025.

4.       During the reporting period, for details of the Company’s new appointment and resignation of directors, please refer to Section 6 “Directors,
         Senior Management and Employees” of this report.



                                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                        89
Section 7




During the reporting period, directors of the Company     Strategy and ESG Committee
articulated constructive opinions and suggestions on
                                                          As of the date of the disclosure of this report, the
major issues, including but not limited to corporate
                                                          Strategy and ESG Committee consisted of 5 directors,
governance, reform and development, business operation,
                                                          including 2 executive directors YANG Yucheng (chairman)
risk management, internal control and consumer rights
                                                          and GONG Xingfeng, 2 non-executive directors YANG
protection, etc. All opinions and recommendations were
                                                          Xue and HU Aimin, and 1 independent non-executive
adopted by the Company. None of the directors raised
                                                          director ZHUO Zhi.
any objection to the proposals of the Board.

                                                          Duties of the Strategy and ESG Committee
Committees under the Board
                                                          The Strategy and ESG Committee performs the following
The Board establishes 5 committees which are
                                                          duties and responsibilities: to review the Company’s
Strategy and ESG Committee, Investment and Asset
                                                          development strategy and annual operation plan,
Liability Management Committee, Audit and Related
                                                          increase or decrease in the registered capital, the profit
Party Transaction Control Committee, Nomination
                                                          distribution and loss recovery plan, amendments to the
and Remuneration Committee, and Risk Management
                                                          Articles of Association, etc., to guide the formulation of
and Consumer Rights Protection Committee. The
                                                          the Company’s ESG strategy and oversee the Company’s
committees are accountable to the Board and perform
                                                          ESG matters, and make recommendations to the Board.
their duties by giving professional opinions to the
Board. All important opinions and recommendations
put forward by members of Board committees have
been adopted by the Company. For the information on
each member’s attendance at the respective meeting(s)
of each Board committee, please refer to the relevant
parts of this section.




90      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                   About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                   China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Meetings
During the reporting period, the Strategy and ESG Committee held 9 meetings. The meeting details were as follows:


 Date                 Content of meetings

 2025-2-27            To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on the Issuance of Domestic Undated
                      Capital Bonds
 2025-3-26            To consider 3 proposals including the Proposal on the Formulation of Administrative
                      Measures on the Market Value
 2025-4-28            To consider 3 proposals including the Proposal on the Comprehensive Evaluation Report
                      on Development Plan for the Year 2024
 2025-5-27            To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on Amendments to the Terms of
                      Reference of the Board Committees
 2025-7-25            To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on the Aggregate Funding Arrangements
                      for External Donations Including Targeted Assistance for the Year 2025
 2025-8-27            To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on the Interim Profit Distribution Plan for
                      the Year 2025
 2025-9-29            To consider 3 proposals including the Proposal on Amendments to the Articles of
                      Association and the Abolishment of the Board of Supervisors
 2025-10-29           To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on Amendments to Certain Provisions of
                      the Scheme for the Board of Directors’ Delegation of Powers to the Senior Management
 2025-12-2            To consider the Proposal on the Donation of New China Asset Management (Hong Kong)
                      Limited to Support Fire Relief in Hong Kong (《關於新華資產管理(香港)有限公司支援香港
                      火災捐贈事項的議案》)



Investment and Asset Liability Management Committee
As of the date of the disclosure of this report, the Investment and Asset Liability Management Committee
consisted of 4 directors, including 2 executive directors YANG Yucheng and GONG Xingfeng, 2 non-executive
directors MAO Sixue (chairman) and HU Aimin.


Duties of the Investment and Asset Liability Management Committee
The Investment and Asset Liability Management Committee performs the following duties and responsibilities:
to consider the overall objective and strategy of asset and liability management, the rules and policies of asset
and liability management and asset allocation, the rules and guidelines of utilization of insurance funds and asset
management, management of insurance funds, etc., and make recommendations to the Board.




                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  91
Section 7




Meetings
During the reporting period, the Investment and Asset Liability Management Committee held 9 meetings. The
meeting details were as follows:


 Date                  Content of meetings

 2025-1-24             To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on the Equity Investment Projects
 2025-2-27             To consider the Proposal on Capital Increase in the Subsidiary and the Adjustment of
                       Shareholding Structure
 2025-3-26             To consider 3 proposals including the Proposal on Amendments to the Asset and Liability
                       Management Measures
 2025-4-28             To consider 9 proposals including the Proposal on the Report of Non-insurance
                       Subsidiaries for the Year 2024
 2025-5-27             To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on the Report of Asset and Liability
                       Management for the Year 2024
 2025-6-12             To consider the Proposal on the Application of Pilot Investment Fund III No. 1
 2025-9-29             To consider the Proposal on Amendments to the Provisional Measures for Risk
                       Classification of Insurance Assets (2025)
 2025-10-29            To consider the Proposal on Amendments to Certain Provisions of the Scheme for the
                       Board of Directors’ Delegation of Powers to the Senior Management
 2025-12-31            To consider the Proposal on Investment in Equity Investment Funds



Audit and Related Party Transaction Control Committee
As of the date of the disclosure of this report, the Audit and Related Party Transaction Control Committee consisted
of 5 directors, including 2 non-executive directors MAO Sixue and ZHANG Xiaodong, 3 independent non-executive
directors GUO Yongqing (chairman), XU Xu and ZHUO Zhi.


Duties of the Audit and Related Party Transaction Control Committee
The Audit and Related Party Transaction Control Committee performs the following duties and responsibilities:
to assess the effectiveness of risk management and internal control, to guide internal auditing, to review the
financial information and disclosure of financial information, to manage, review and control risks of related party
transactions, etc., and make recommendations to the Board, to exercise the functions and powers of the board
of supervisors as stipulated by the Company Law and regulatory requirements.




92      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                   About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                   China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Meetings
During the reporting period, the Audit and Related Party Transaction Control Committee held 10 meetings. The
meeting details were as follows:


 Date                  Content of meetings

 2025-1-24             To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on Solvency Report for the Fourth Quarter
                       for the Year 2024
 2025-2-27             To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on Enhancing the Asset and Liability
                       Matching Management
 2025-3-26             To consider 9 proposals including the Proposal on Annual Report (A Shares/H Shares) for
                       the Year 2024
 2025-4-28             To consider 8 proposals including the Proposal on the First Quarter Report 2025
 2025-5-27             To consider 3 proposals including the Proposal on the Stress Test Report on Solvency for
                       the Year 2024
 2025-7-25             To consider the Proposal on Solvency Report for the Second Quarter for the Year 2025
 2025-8-27             To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on the Interim Report (A Shares and H
                       Shares) for the Year 2025
 2025-9-29             To consider the Proposal on the Engagement of External Auditors for Auditing during
                       Tenure, after Resignation of Senior Management in the Second Half of 2025 and for the
                       Year 2026
 2025-10-29            To consider 3 proposals including the Proposal on the Third Quarter Report 2025
 2025-11-28            To listen to the Internal Auditing Report for the First Three Quarters of 2025


Performance of duties of the Audit and Related Party Transaction Control Committee

During the reporting period, the Audit and Related Party   The Audit and Related Party Transaction Control
Transaction Control Committee, in accordance with          Committee held meetings to research the appointment
the requirements for the preparation of annual report      of accounting firms. The Audit and Related Party
and relevant rules of procedures, kept sufficient and      Transaction Control Committee has reviewed Deloitte
timely communication with external auditors, reviewed      Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
the financial statements prepared by the Company,          and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, is of the view that the
offered professional opinions on the Annual Report         two auditors possess qualifications and competence,
2024 and agreed to the submission to the Board for         investor protection capabilities, good status of integrity
consideration. The Audit and Related Party Transaction     and independence, and has agreed that the appointment
Control Committee also reviewed the Company’s interim      of accounting firms should be submitted to the Board
and quarterly results, offered professional opinions and   for consideration.
agreed to the submission to the Board for consideration.




                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  93
Section 7




The Audit and Related Party Transaction Control                Election of directors
Committee paid special attention to internal control of        Shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding 3% or
the Company. Relevant departments of the Company               more of the total voting shares of the Company, or the
reported their work to the Audit and Related Party             Nomination and Remuneration Committee under the
Transaction Control Committee regularly or irregularly,        Board, shall have the right to nominate candidates for
so that the Audit and Related Party Transaction Control        non-independent directors. The number of candidates
Committee promptly understood problems in the internal         for directors that a nominator proposes to nominate
control of the Company. The Audit and Related Party            shall not exceed the number of directors proposed
Transaction Control Committee had no objection on              to be appointed. Shareholder(s) individually or jointly
matters under supervision during the reporting period.         holding 1% or more of the shares of the Company, the
                                                               Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Audit
Nomination and Remuneration Committee                          and Related Party Transaction Control Committee under
As of the date of the disclosure of this report, the           the Board may nominate independent non-executive
Nomination and Remuneration Committee consisted of             directors. Shareholders holding more than one third
6 directors, including 2 non-executive directors YANG          of shares of the Company, their related shareholders
Xue and ZHANG Xiaodong, and 4 independent non-                 and persons acting in concert shall not nominate
executive directors XU Xu (chairman), MA Yiu Tim, GUO          independent non-executive directors, and shareholders
Yongqing and ZHUO Zhi.                                         and their related parties that have already nominated
                                                               non-independent directors are not allowed to nominate
Duties of the Nomination and Remuneration                      independent non-executive directors. The Nomination
Committee                                                      and Remuneration Committee and the Audit and Related
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee performs             Party Transaction Control Committee under the Board
the following duties and responsibilities: to formulate        shall nominate independent non-executive directors by
the criteria and plans for appointing directors and            meeting resolutions. The Nomination and Remuneration
senior management, to conduct preliminary review of            Committee under the Board shall review the candidates
the candidates for directors and senior management             for directors pursuant to laws, rules, regulations and
of the Company, and the candidates for chairman of             the Articles of Association, and submit its opinions to
the board of directors and the candidate for president         the Board. Directors are elected by the shareholders’
of important subsidiaries (as decided by the Board via         general meeting with a term of office for 3 years. Each
regular or irregular consideration), to formulate evaluation   director shall be re-elected upon expiration of his or her
and remuneration schemes for directors and senior              term of office. But the cumulative term of independent
management, to review the overall human resources              non-executive directors shall not exceed 6 years.
and remuneration strategies and basic policies (including
those regarding senior management), etc., and make
recommendations to the Board.




94      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                      About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                      China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




In 2025, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee            When examining qualifications of candidates for
of the eighth session of the Board nominated YANG             directors, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Yucheng, GONG Xingfeng, XU Xu, GUO Yongqing,                  seeks to achieve board diversity through consideration
ZHUO Zhi and Sau Fun CHEUNG as candidates for                 of a number of factors, including but not limited to
directors of the ninth session of the Board, and reviewed     gender, age, cultural and educational background, race,
the qualifications of candidates for directors of the ninth   professional experience, skills, knowledge and the term
session of the Board. The Nomination and Remuneration         of service. Meanwhile, it also takes into consideration
Committee under the Board considered that the                 the business model and specific needs of the Company
conditions of candidates for directors met relevant laws,     to ensure an appropriate balance in diversity of skills,
regulations, regulatory requirements and the Articles         experience and opinions of the Board members, to
of Association on the qualifications of directors, and        make the Board operate more effectively and help the
agreed to submit relevant proposals to the Board for          Company better serve its customers and shareholders.
consideration.                                                The Board has reviewed the implementation of the
                                                              Company's Board diversity policy and confirmed its
Board Diversity Policy                                        effectiveness. The Board is in the view that the policy
The Company also pays attention to the diversity of           can ensure there are potential successors to achieve
directors. The Company believes that the diversification      gender diversity of the Board. Currently, the members
of directors has brought broad vision, rich and high-         of the Board have maintained a well-diversified structure
level experience to the Company, which is conducive           in terms of gender, region and professional background.
to scientific decision-making and corporate governance.
The Board has formulated and has been complying with
the Board Diversity Policy.

As of the date of the disclosure of this report, the composition of the Board was as follows:

 Age                                                           Aged 50 and below: 2
                                                               Aged 51-55: 5
                                                               Aged 56-60: 1
                                                               Aged above 61: 2
 Duration of term                                              2 years and below: 4
                                                               2-6 years: 4
                                                               Above 6 years: 2
 Type of directors                                             Executive directors: 2
                                                               Non-executive directors: 4
                                                               Independent non-executive directors: 4
 Gender                                                        Female: 3
                                                               Male: 7


Professional background: finance, insurance, actuarial, accounting, law, business administration, etc.




                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  95
Section 7




Meetings
During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee held 9 meetings. The meeting details
were as follows:


 Date                  Content of meetings

 2025-2-27             To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on the Adjustment to the Composition of
                       the Board Committees
 2025-3-26             To consider 3 proposals including the Proposal on the Report of Performance of
                       Directors for the Year 2024
 2025-4-28             To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on the Corporate Governance Report for
                       the Year 2024
 2025-5-27             To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on Amendments to the Terms of
                       Reference of the Board Committees
 2025-6-12             To consider the Proposal on the Nomination of Mr. ZHANG Xiaodong as the Candidate
                       for Non-executive Director of the Eighth Session of the Board
 2025-8-27             To consider 3 proposals including the Proposal on the Adjustment to the Composition of
                       the Board Committees
 2025-9-29             To consider the Proposal on Amendments to the Working Rules of the Executive
                       Committee
 2025-10-29            To consider 3 proposals including the Proposal on the Purchase of Liability Insurance for
                       Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
 2025-11-28            To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on the Nomination of Candidates for
                       Directors of the Ninth Session of the Board


Risk Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
As of the date of the disclosure of this report, the Risk Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
consisted of 5 directors, including 2 non-executive directors YANG Xue (chairman) and ZHANG Xiaodong, and 3
independent non-executive directors MA Yiu Tim, XU Xu and GUO Yongqing.


Duties of the Risk Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
The Risk Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee mainly performs the following duties and
responsibilities: to consider the overall objective, fundamental policy and work system of risk management and
internal control, to consider risk preference and tolerance, to consider the structure and duties of risk management
organization, to assess the effectiveness of solvency risk management system, to consider risk assessment of
major decisions and solutions of major risks of the Company, and make recommendations to the Board.




96      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                 About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                 China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Meetings
During the reporting period, the Risk Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee held 13 meetings.
The meeting details were as follows:


 Date                Content of meetings

 2025-1-24           To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on Solvency Report for the Fourth Quarter
                     for the Year 2024
 2025-2-27           To consider 5 proposals including the Proposal on the Summary Report of Consumer
                     Rights Protection for the Year 2024
 2025-3-26           To consider 3 proposals including the Proposal on the Assessment Report of Case Risk
                     Prevention and Control for the Year 2024
 2025-4-28           To consider 13 proposals including the Proposal on the Comprehensive Risk
                     Management Report for the Year 2024
 2025-5-27           To consider 7 proposals including the Proposal on the Stress Test Report on Solvency for
                     the Year 2024
 2025-6-12           To consider the Proposal on the Application of Pilot Investment Fund III No. 1
 2025-7-25           To consider 2 proposals including the Proposal on Solvency Report for the Second
                     Quarter for the Year 2025
 2025-8-27           To consider 3 proposals including the Proposal on Amendments to the Compliance
                     Management Measures (2025 Version)
 2025-9-29           To consider the Proposal on Amendments to the Provisional Measures for Risk
                     Classification of Insurance Assets (2025)
 2025-10-29          To consider the Proposal on the Issuance of Domestic Undated Capital Bonds
 2025-11-28          To listen to the Report on Action Plan for Rectification Following the Anti-money
                     Laundering Regulatory Inspection (《關於公司反洗錢監管走訪整改工作方案的匯報》)
 2025-12-2           To consider the Proposal on the Donation of New China Asset Management (Hong Kong)
                     Limited to Support Fire Relief in Hong Kong
 2025-12-31          To consider the Proposal on Investment in Equity Investment Funds




                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  97
Section 7




                                                             Confirmation of independence of
Performance of Independent                        Non-       independent non-executive directors
executive Directors
                                                             The Company has obtained written confirmation
As of the date of the disclosure of this report, the Board
                                                             of each independent non-executive director on his/
consisted of 4 independent non-executive directors who
                                                             her independence from the Company. The Company
were professionals in accounting, laws, insurance, etc.
                                                             confirmed that all independent non-executive directors
The number of independent non-executive directors
                                                             were independent from the Company during the year
was in compliance with regulatory requirements and
                                                             ended 31 December 2025.
the Articles of Association.

                                                             Pursuant to the Articles of Association, independent non-
The independent non-executive directors of the
                                                             executive directors may, if needed, independently engage
Company have the requisite professional knowledge
                                                             an intermediary institution to audit, advise or examine
and experience, and can perform duties in strict
                                                             on specific matters of the Company at the expenses of
accordance with relevant laws and regulations, regulatory
                                                             the Company. Based on the above mechanism and the
documents and the Articles of Association, and have
                                                             performance of duties of independent non-executive
provided comments and suggestions towards the
                                                             directors, the Board obtained independent views and
Company’s corporate governance, business operation,
                                                             opinions during the reporting period, and optimized
risk management, internal control, etc. Independent
                                                             the Company’s operation management and corporate
non-executive directors participate in the Company’s
                                                             governance.
decision-making on major matters with independent and
objective stances, and have paid special attention to        Training and Research of Directors
legitimate rights and interests of minority shareholders
                                                             During the reporting period, each director received
in decision-making process.
                                                             reports and materials on the latest regulatory rules and
                                                             updates, industry information as well as operation and
Independent non-executive directors’                         management of the Company prepared on a regular basis
attendance of meetings
                                                             to enable them to develop and update their knowledge
The details of independent non-executive directors’          and skills to work better, and to ensure that they have
attendance in shareholders’ general meetings and             access to comprehensive and appropriate information
meetings of the Board during the reporting period are        in need to contribute to the Board.
set out in the relevant parts of this section.


Objections from independent non-
executive directors to major issues
During the reporting period, independent non-executive
directors have no objections to major issues of the
Company.




98      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                      About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                      China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




In addition, the Company arranged directors to participate    In 2025, the directors of the Company adhered to
in trainings on policies, laws and regulations, and           the “research-first, problem-oriented” approach and
professional knowledge about insurance industry, and to       conducted research on the topic of “study on issues
study the latest laws and regulations and regulatory rules    related to special reserves for participating insurance
issued by regulatory authorities. During the reporting        accounts of insurance companies”. They made multiple
period, Ms. XU Xu, Mr. GUO Yongqing and Mr. ZHUO              trips to industry peers and financial institutions for
Zhi, the independent non-executive directors of the           benchmarking research, studying the current state
Company, attended follow-up training for independent          of industry management and identifying deep-rooted
directors of listed companies held by the SSE. Mr. YANG       issues. This provided forward-looking analysis, valuable
Yucheng, the chairman of the Company, attended 2025           insights and recommendations to support the Company’s
supervision conference of listed companies in Beijing         high-quality development.
organized by the CSRC Beijing Bureau. Chairman YANG
Yucheng and Director GONG Xingfeng participated in            Supervisors and the Board of Supervisors
training for chairman (general manager), chief financial      Supervisors and the Board of Supervisors
officer and board secretary of listed companies in            In 2025, the Board of Supervisors consisted of 4
Beijing organized by The Listed Companies Association         supervisors, including 2 shareholder representative
of Beijing. Mr.GONG Xingfeng, Ms. MAO Sixue and               supervisors and 2 employee representative supervisors.
Mr. ZHANG Xiaodong, the directors of the Company,
attended orientation training for director, supervisor, and   The Board of Supervisors performs the following duties
senior management of listed companies organized by            and responsibilities: to examine the Company’s financial
the SSE. All directors attended 2025 special training for     activities; to supervise directors and senior management
director and supervisor held by The Listed Companies          in their performance of duties of the Company, and
Association of Beijing, and training on the new Anti-         propose the removal of directors and senior management
money Laundering Law , key interpretations and                who have contravened any laws, regulations, regulatory
response strategies, training on director’s performance       documents, the Articles of Association or resolutions of
for listed companies on the HKSE, and ESG matters,            shareholders’ general meetings; to nominate independent
etc. organized by the Company.                                non-executive directors; to carry out internal supervision
                                                              of the formulation, implementation and assessment of
All directors of the Company were provided with               the development plan of the Company.
comprehensive and necessary information when they
were firstly appointed to ensure that they understood the     During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors held
Company’s business and operation, and fully understood        4 regular meetings and 6 ad hoc meetings. The Board of
their responsibilities and obligations under the listing      Supervisors found no material risk to the Company and
rules and regulatory requirements.                            had no objection on matters under supervision during the
                                                              reporting period. The announcements in relation to the
                                                              meetings and the resolutions of the Board of Supervisors
                                                              were published on the websites of the HKSE, the SSE
                                                              and Economic Information Daily.




                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  99
Section 7




Independent Opinions Expressed by the                      Reputation Risk Management
Board of Supervisors on Relevant Matters                   During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors
Legal Operation of the Company                             reviewed the annual reputation risk management
During the reporting period, the Company persisted with    report, and members of the Board of Supervisors
compliant management and operation in accordance           attended the meetings of the Board and meetings of
with the Company Law, the Articles of Association, etc.    the Risk Management and Consumer Rights Protection
No violation of laws and regulations or damage to the      Committee, so as to supervise the performance of
interests of shareholders were found in the process of     the Board and senior management on reputation risk
business operation and management.                         management.


Truthfulness of Financial Statements                       Operational Risk Management
The Company’s interim financial statements and             During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors
quarterly reports 2025 were true, objective and accurate   reviewed the annual comprehensive risk management
reflection of the Company’s financial situation and        report, so as to supervise the operational risk management
operating results.                                         in the comprehensive risk management, and members
                                                           of the Board of Supervisors attended the meetings
Related Party Transaction                                  of the Board and meetings of the Risk Management
During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors      and Consumer Rights Protection Committee, so as
reviewed the related party transactions and special        to supervise performance of the Board and senior
audit report on related party transactions. The Board      management on operational risk management.
of Supervisors believed that related party transactions
of the Company were fair and reasonable and found          Implementation of Resolutions of Shareholders’
                                                           General Meeting
no damage to the interests of shareholders and the
Company.                                                   During the reporting period, members of the Board of
                                                           Supervisors attended the annual general meeting and
Internal Control Report Review                             extraordinary general meeting. The Board of Supervisors

During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors      supervised the implementation of resolutions of

reviewed the internal control evaluation report and        shareholders’ general meeting and believed that the

internal control appraisal report and believed that the    Board was able to earnestly implement resolutions of

Company established a relatively complete, reasonable      shareholders’ general meeting.

and effective internal control system, which greatly
                                                           Information Disclosure Supervision
improved its internal control.
                                                           During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors
                                                           supervised the information disclosure of the Company,
                                                           and no illegal or non-compliance issues on information
                                                           disclosure of the Company were found throughout the
                                                           whole year.




100 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                     About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                     China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




The Third Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 of           Company Secretary
the Company held on 31 October 2025 considered and
                                                             During the reporting period, the Company externally
approved the Proposal on Amendments to the Articles
                                                             appointed Ms. NG Sau Mei to work as Joint Company
of Association and the Abolishment of the Board of
                                                             Secretary of the Company. The main contact person
Supervisors. On 13 January 2026, the NFRA approved
                                                             for Ms. NG Sau Mei in the Company was Mr. LIU
the amendments to the Articles of Association, and the
                                                             Zhiyong, the Board Secretary and Joint Company
Board of Supervisors was cancelled on the same day.
                                                             Secretary of the Company. For the contact information
                                                             for Mr. LIU Zhiyong, please refer to Section 1 “Corporate
Chairman and President
                                                             Information” of this report.
As of the date of the disclosure of this report, Mr. YANG
Yucheng served as the Chairman of the Company and
                                                             Both Mr. LIU Zhiyong and Ms. NG Sau Mei attended
Mr. GONG Xingfeng served as the President of the
                                                             relevant professional trainings for no less than 15 hours.
Company. The chairman is responsible for presiding
over the shareholders’ general meeting, convening and        Amendments to the Articles of Association
presiding over the meetings of the Board, overseeing         and Other Corporate Governance Systems
the implementation of the Board resolutions, and             On 24 March 2025, the amendments to the Articles of
exercising other functions and powers granted by the         Association, which was made at the Annual General
Board. The president takes charge of ordinary operation      Meeting of 2023, was ratified by the NFRA. For detailed
and management of the Company.                               information, please refer to relevant announcement
                                                             disclosed on the website of the HKSE.
Executive Committee
According to the Articles of Association, the Company        On 30 September 2025, in accordance with applicable
establishes the Executive Committee as the decision-         laws, rules, regulations and the Company’s practices,
making body for the ordinary operation and management        the 37th meeting of the eighth session of the Board
of the Company under the leadership of the Board. The        considered and approved the Proposal on Amendments
Executive Committee comprises members of senior              to the Articles of Association and the Abolishment of
management, and its major duties include: to implement       the Board of Supervisors, the Proposal on Amendments
the specific tasks and measures of the resolutions           to the Rules of Procedures of General Meeting and the
of the Board; to implement plans in connection with          Proposal on Amendments to the Rules of Procedures of
material mergers and acquisitions, equity and real estate    the Board of Directors. The above proposals have been
investments and financings, and assets disposals,            considered and approved by the Third Extraordinary
subject to the authorization by the Board or in accordance   General Meeting of 2025 held on 31 October 2025,
with resolutions of the Board; to study on the material      and ratified by the NFRA. For detailed information,
operation decisions; to monitor major ordinary operations    please refer to relevant announcement disclosed by
and activities of the Company. There are six special         the Company on the website of the HKSE.
committees under the Executive Committee, including
Business Development and Management Committee,
Asset and Liability Management Committee, Risk and
Compliance Management Committee, etc.



                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                101
Section 7




In 2025, the Company amended the terms of reference        The Company placed high importance on communication
of the Board committees, the working rules of the          and interaction with investors, improved its investor
executive committee, and the administrative measures       relationship management, and enriched the content and
for related party transactions, and completed the          form of investor relations. During the reporting period,
corporate governance procedures.                           the Company convened four results announcement
                                                           through on-site meetings, teleconferences and live
Information Disclosure and Investor                        video broadcastings and held non-deal roadshow,
Relations
                                                           providing investors with diversified communication
During the reporting period, the Company strictly
                                                           channels. Through daily investors and analysts visits,
observed various regulatory rules of the listing places
                                                           participation in investment summits and other activities,
regarding information disclosure to ensure their
                                                           the Company maintained smooth communication with
effective implementation, established and improved
                                                           capital market and provided sufficient information on
the information disclosure mechanism, and disclosed
                                                           its operation and development timely. Meanwhile, the
regular reports and temporary announcements on the
                                                           Company proactively responded to the call to strengthen
SSE and the HKSE in a timely, accurate and complete
                                                           the interests protection of minority investors. The senior
manner. The Company has strengthened its proactive
                                                           management answered in detail the concerned questions
management of information disclosure through
                                                           from minority investors at the results announcement and
various measures such as conducting internal training,
                                                           a communication channel with minority investors through
establishing liaison groups, and implementing proactive
                                                           text Q&A session was established. The Company had
tracking and closed-loop management. These measures
                                                           daily interaction with minority investors by answering
ensured that the Company’s information disclosure
                                                           hotlines and replying to its investor relations emails and
practices were compliant. The Company focused on
                                                           responding to messages on the E-interactive platform of
investors’ needs, treated all kinds of investors fairly,
                                                           the SSE in order to protect the rights and interests of
fully and effectively presented the Company’s business
                                                           minority investors. In 2025, the Company was honored
performance to investors and other stakeholders with
                                                           with the “Excellent Practice Case Award of 2024 Annual
clear and concise expressions. After the disclosure of
                                                           Results Announcement” from the China Association for
annual report and interim report, the Company published
                                                           Public Companies.
A Visual Guide to NCI’s Performance for the Year 2024,
the Highlights of Semi-Annual Performance of NCI
                                                           The Company has reviewed the implementation and
in Figures and other related information through its
                                                           effectiveness of shareholder communication policy
WeChat public account. These materials were illustrated
                                                           during the reporting period. The Company confirms
with both text and images, enhanced the readability of
                                                           its shareholder communication policy can effectively
regular reports, and improved the effectiveness of the
                                                           protect shareholders’ rights and interests and guarantee
Company’s information disclosure.
                                                           the smooth communication between shareholders and
                                                           the Company.
As of 2025, the Company has won the highest rating
of Class A in information disclosure of listed companies
by the SSE for ten consecutive years.




102 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                    About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                    China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




THE  CONTROLLING    SHAREHOLDER                            3.      The Company shall give priority to dividend
AND     ACTUAL      CONTROLLER                                     distribution in cash. Where the Company’s
GUARANTEED THE COMPANY’ S                                          operation is in a sound condition, and the Board
INDEPENDENCE      IN    ASSETS,                                    considers that the share price of the Company
PERSONNEL, FINANCE, INSTITUTIONS                                   fails to reflect its share capital scale and that the
AND BUSINESS
                                                                   distribution of dividend in shares will be favorable
On the basis of abiding by national laws and regulations           to all shareholders of the Company as a whole,
and regulatory rules and not interfering in the ordinary           the Company may propose dividend distribution
operation and management of the Company, Huijin,
                                                                   in shares, provided that the above conditions of
the controlling shareholder and actual controller of
                                                                   cash dividend are fully met.
the Company, exercised shareholder’s rights through
corporate governance channel to ensure the Company’s
                                                           4.      The Board shall thoroughly discuss the rationality
independence in assets, personnel, finance, institutions
                                                                   of profit distribution plan and produce a special
and business. The Company runs independent and
                                                                   resolution to the shareholders’ general meeting
complete business and is capable of independent
                                                                   for consideration. Independent directors of the
business operation. The Company is an independent
legal person responsible for its own profits and losses.           Company shall express their independent opinions

The business of the Company is independent from                    on the profit distribution plans. In considering
Huijin and other enterprises controlled by Huijin, and             the profit distribution plan at the shareholders’
the Company has no horizontal competition with Huijin              general meeting, the Company shall maintain
or any unfair related party transaction with Huijin and            active communications and exchanges with
other enterprises controlled by Huijin.                            shareholders, particularly minority shareholders
                                                                   through various channels, carefully listen to the
DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION                                              feedbacks and requests of minority shareholders,
Dividend Distribution Policies                                     and give timely response to minority shareholders
According to Article 269 of the Articles of Association,           on the relevant matters. After a resolution
the major dividend distribution policies of the Company            approving such profit distribution plan is passed
are set out below:                                                 at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Board
                                                                   shall distribute the dividends within two months
1.    The Company may distribute dividends in the
                                                                   from the convention of such shareholders’ general
      form of cash, shares or a combination of cash
                                                                   meeting.
      and shares. The Company may distribute interim
      dividend.
                                                           During the reporting period, the decision-making process
                                                           and mechanism of the Company’s profit distribution plan
2.    If the profit for the year and the accumulated
      undistributed profits of the Company are positive,   are complete, the dividend standard and proportion are

      the profit distribution plan will be formulated by   clear, which are in line with the Articles of Association

      the Board based on the Company’s solvency            and relevant review procedures, fully protect the
      margin ratio, business development and operation     legitimate rights and interests of minority investors, and
      results, subject to the laws and regulations         have been approved by all independent non-executive
      and requirements promulgated by regulatory           directors of the Company.
      authorities on solvency margin ratio.

                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025              103
Section 7




Distributable reserve for shareholders                      RMB6,426 million. The Company distributed 2025
                                                            interim cash dividend of RMB0.67 (inclusive of tax)
Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company as
                                                            per share to all shareholders, totaling approximately
contained in the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                            RMB2,090 million. The Company proposes to distribute
of the Company reached RMB36,284 million and net
                                                            the total cash dividend of RMB8,516 million for the
profit attributable to the parent company as contained in
                                                            year 2025, representing approximately 23.5% of the
the financial statements totaled RMB34,920 million. As
                                                            net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company
of 31 December 2025, the accumulative profit available
                                                            as contained in the 2025 financial statements of the
for distribution of the Company from previous years
                                                            Company. The remaining retained profits shall be carried
reached RMB95,826 million. There was no deficit to be
                                                            forward to 2026 and distributed in future.
covered. According to the Articles of Association, the
distributable net profit for 2025 of the Company totaled
                                                            The Company did not implement transfer of capital
RMB34,920 million.
                                                            reserve to share capital in 2025.
Profit distribution plan of 2025
According to the proposed profit distribution plan of       The aforementioned proposed profit distribution plan has

2025 considered and approved by the 5th meeting of          yet to be approved by the shareholders’ general meeting.

the ninth session of the Board on 27 March 2026, the        The Company expects that 2025 final dividend will be

Company planned to distribute a final cash dividend of      distributed on Friday, 7 August 2026 to all shareholders.

RMB2.06 (inclusive of tax) per share to all shareholders    Please refer to the announcement published by the

of the Company of 2025, totaling approximately              Company in due course for more details.


Dividend distribution in recent three years
                                                                                  Net profit        Percentage of
                                                                             attributable to    the total amount
                                                                            shareholders of      of cash dividend
                                                                              the Company             in net profit
                                                                           achieved within         attributable to
                                                                                 the year as      shareholders of
                                      Amount of      Total amount of           contained in         the Company
                                        dividend        cash dividend          the financial         as contained
                               per share (RMB)          (RMB million)            statements        in the financial
 Year of distribution          (inclusive of tax)    (inclusive of tax)       (RMB million)            statements

 2025 (including interim and final)          2.73                8,516                36,284                23.5%
 2024 (including interim and final)          2.53                7,893                26,229                30.1%
 2023                                        0.85                2,652                 8,712                30.4%




104 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                    About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                    China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Withholding and payment of dividend                          COMPLIANCE WITH MODEL CODE
income tax for individual foreign
shareholders and non-resident enterprise                     The Company has formulated the Administrative
shareholders                                                 Measures for the Shares of the Company held by
Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the             Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management and
People’s Republic of China and its implementation            their Changes of New China Life Insurance Company
regulations, the Individual Income Tax Law of the People’s   Ltd. (《新華人壽保險股份有限公司董事、監事和高級管
Republic of China and its implementation regulations,        理人員所持公司股份及其變動管理辦法》) to regulate

the Announcement of the State Taxation Administration        the securities transactions of directors and senior

on Issuing the Administrative Measures for Non-resident      management of the Company, the standards of which

Taxpayers Claiming Tax Treaty Benefits (Guo Shui Fa          are not lower than that required in the Model Code.

[2019] No. 35) (《國家稅務總局關於發佈〈非居民納稅                            After making specific enquiries with all directors, the

人享受協議待遇管理辦法〉的公告》(國稅發[2019]35                                 Company confirmed that each director has observed

號)), the Notice of the State Taxation Administration on      the code of conduct set out in the Model Code and the

Issues Concerning Individual Income Tax Collection and       Administrative Measures for the Shares of the Company
Management after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993]            held by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
No. 045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) (《國家稅務總                and their Changes of New China Life Insurance Company
局關於國稅發[1993]045號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵                                Ltd. during the reporting period.
管問題的通知》(國稅函[2011]348號)) and other relevant
laws and regulations and regulatory requirements, the        RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS
Company shall, as a withholding agent, withhold and pay      TOWARDS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
dividend income tax for H shareholders in respect of the     Directors confirmed that they were obliged to prepare
dividend, including individual income tax for individual     financial statements and to truly and fairly report the
foreign shareholders and enterprise income tax for non-      Company’s situation. The statement made by the
resident enterprise shareholders. For details regarding      Company’s auditor about its responsibility for reporting
withholding and payment of dividend income tax for H         the accounts is set out in Audited Financial Statements
shareholders and materials that H shareholders need          2025 of this report. To the knowledge of the directors,
for tax deduction, please refer to announcements to be       there were no issues or conditions occurred in the
published by the Company in due course.                      reporting period that might have significant adverse
                                                             effects on the Company’s sustainable operation.
                                                             Directors considered that the Company had enough
                                                             resources for sustainable operation in the foreseeable
                                                             future, therefore the financial statements should be
                                                             prepared on a going concern basis.




                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025               105
Section 7




MANAGEMENT OF SUBSIDIARIES                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  and other laws and regulations as well as the articles of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            association. And major matters of subsidiaries shall be
In order to strengthen the management over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            submitted to the Company for examination and approval,
subsidiaries and ensure that there are rules to follow
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            and daily operation and management matters shall be
in the management of subsidiaries, the Company has
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            independently decided by subsidiaries in accordance
formulated internal management measures such as
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            with the authorization of the Company. The Company
the Administrative Measures for Holding and Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            has also formulated penetrative management systems
Participating Companies of New China Life Insurance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            for subsidiaries and improved the management system
Company Ltd. (Trial Implementation) (2024) (《新華人
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            and mechanism of all departments. The Company
壽保險股份有限公司控參股公司(暫行)管理辦法(2024版)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            strengthened the penetrating management in material
》). Such measures have clearly defined a model of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            matters, risks and personnel of subsidiaries to improve
“business alignment and functional penetration” for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            management efficiency.
subsidiaries. Subsidiaries shall operate and manage
independently in accordance with the Company Law



DEPARTMENT AND BRANCH OFFICES OF THE COMPANY
Department of the Company
As of the date of the disclosure of this report, the headquarters has 30 departments, 2 directly-subordinate
secondary units.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 New China Life Insurance Company Ltd.



                                        Customer and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Asset                                                                                       Operation and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Headquarters
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Marketing Empowerment                                                                                                                                                                                Management                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Functional Resource                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Supervision                                                                           Directly-subordinate
                                           Product                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Risk Control                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Secondary Units




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Party Building Department (Party Committee




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Bancassurance Business Management Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2IœFHRI1&,'LVFLSOLQDU\,QVSHFWLRQ&RPPLVVLRQ   'LVFLSOLQDU\,QVSHFWLRQ2IœFHRI1&,&3&&RPPLWWHH
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Underwriting and Claim Settlement Department
                                                                                                                   Financial Service Department/High Net-worth
                                                                            Healthcare & Medical Care Business                                                                                                                                                              Group Insurance Business




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Health Insurance Business Department                                                           Investment Management Department                                                                                       Consumer Rights Protection Department                                                              Strategy and Development Department                                                                                                                                                 Administrative Management Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Human Resources Department/ Party




       Customer Management Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Operation Management Department                                                                                                                                                                 Finance and Accounting Department                                                                                                                                                                                                               NCI Research and Training Institute
                                          Product and Market Department                                                                                                                 Renewal Business Department                                                                                                                                    Internet Business Department                                                                                                                                                                                           Legal Compliance Department   Risk Management Department                                                                                                                                                        2IœFH 3DUW\&RPPLWWHH2IœFH
                                                                                                                                                                 Marketing Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    %RDUGRI'LUHFWRUV2IœFH                                                                                                                                                                      Operation Business Center
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Training Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Actuary Department                                       Fund Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Audit Department                                  Fintech Center




                                                                                                                                 Client Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    3XEOLFLW\'HSDUWPHQWDQG7DUJHWHG$VVLVWDQFH2IœFH
                                                                          Department/Pension Business Department                                                                                                                                                     Department/Strategic Customer Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Committee Organization Department




106 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                      About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                      China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Branch offices                                             INTERNAL CONTROL
As of 31 December 2025, there are 1,724 branches           The Company has been committed to building and
and subordinate institutions of the Company, including     improving its internal control system to promote the
35 branches, 275 sub-branches (including Guangzhou         sustainable development of the Company. The internal
municipal branch offices), 751 outlets, 634 marketing      control system aims at providing reasonable assurance
service offices and 39 business offices.                   that the Company’s operation and management are
                                                           in compliance with relevant laws and regulations,
THE OVERALL EVALUATION                               OF    the Company’s assets are properly safeguarded,
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                       financial statements and related information are true
The Company attaches great importance to corporate         and complete, the operation efficiency and results are
governance, improves the corporate governance              improved, and development strategies are implemented,
framework and strengthens internal supervision             to guarantee that the Company operates legally, robustly
mechanism. The Company has a relatively sound              and efficiently.
corporate governance mechanism and effective operation
of the governance. The internal control system is          The Board is responsible for establishing, improving
relatively complete. The shareholders’ general meeting,    and implementing internal control system, as well as
the Board, the special committees under the Board          evaluating its effectiveness. The Audit and Related
and senior management all perform their duties and         Party Transaction Control Committee under the Board
coordinated with each other. The corporate governance      is responsible for supervising the implementation and
structure maintains effective checks and balances.         self-assessment of internal control, appointing and
                                                           coordinating with external auditors, and exercising the
THE COMPANY’S COMPLIANCE WITH                              internal control functions and powers of the Board of
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE                                  Supervisors as stipulated by the Company Law and

The Board is responsible for fulfilling corporate          regulatory requirements. The Risk and Compliance

governance responsibilities as set out in Article          Management Committee under Executive Committee

A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code. During the         is responsible for organizing the daily operation of

reporting period, the Board held a meeting to review the   internal control. The Risk Management Department

Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance         of the Company is responsible for organizing and

Code and the disclosures in the corporate governance       promoting the internal control of the Company. Each of

report. Save as disclosed in this report, directors were   the functional departments and business units observed

not aware of any information that would reasonably         the provisions and requirements of internal control. The

indicate that the Company had not complied with the        Audit Department is in charge of overseeing the internal

applicable code provisions as set out in the Corporate     control.

Governance Code at any time during the period from 1
January 2025 to 31 December 2025.




                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                   107
Section 7




Based on the internal control requirements such as the       The Company adopted a combination of qualitative and
Basic Standards for Enterprise Internal Control (《企業         quantitative methods to identify risks in the fields of
內部控制基本規範》) (Cai Kuai [2008] No.7), the Circular              business, finance, funds utilization, etc., to determine
on Printing and Distributing the Implementary Guidelines     key risk areas, sort out internal control defects and
for Enterprises Internal Control (《關於印發企業內部控                 loopholes, improve the defect rectification management
制配套指引的通知》) (Cai Kuai [2010] No.11), the Basic                mechanism, strengthen the effectiveness of rectification,
Standards for Internal Control of Insurance Companies        and coordinate the management and control mechanism
(《保險公司內部控制基本準則》) (Bao Jian Fa [2010]                         of in-advance prevention, in-process control and follow-
No.69), and the Internal Control Guidelines for Insurance    up supervision to ensure the efficiency and results of
Funds Deployment (《保險資金運用內部控制指引》)                            all business activities.
(Bao Jian Fa [2015] No.114), the Company has observed
the basic principles of comprehensiveness, significance,     The Company, focusing on high-quality development,
balancing, adaptation, and cost-effectiveness, and has       strengthened      the      “internalization   of   external
established an internal control system with the Internal     regulations”, consolidated the foundation for internal
Control Management Policy as the guidance the Internal       control management and steadily pushed forward
Control Practice Manual and the Internal Control Self-       internal control in various business areas. In respect of
assessment Manual as the core systems, supplemented          marketing control, the Company improved the marketing
by internal control management systems in various            management framework, built up comprehensive
fields.                                                      systems and procedures to manage business and
                                                             sales agents, and continued to manage intermediary
The Company has established and improved internal            channels, as well as systems and procedures to manage
control system composing of five elements, including         sales agents, training and quality, and strictly regulated
internal environment, risk assessment, activities control,   promotion and marketing activities. The Company also
information and communication and internal supervision.      enhanced business quality and observed the regulation
The functional departments and business units, the           of aligning fee experience with registered assumptions,
internal control management department and the audit         strengthened marketing risk monitoring, managed
and supervision department act as the three lines of         business quality and implemented accountability, to
defense of the Company. Through the work division and        prevent the risk of misleading marketing. In respect
coordination among these three lines of defense, the         of operation control, the Company continued to
Company has met the requirements of internal control         optimize operation management system, and the
and risk management and forged the internal control          business management processes, the management and
system of “complete coverage, clear focus and effective      control measures in key links and the construction of
control”.                                                    systems in areas such as new policies, underwriting,
                                                             updating information, claim settlement, customer
                                                             service, reinsurance, etc., and continued to improve
                                                             the mechanism for customer information management,
                                                             strengthened the protection of consumers’ rights and
                                                             interests and continued to defuse risks in operation.
                                                             In respect of accounting and financial control, the



108 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                     About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                     China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Company established a comprehensive and standardized         The Company has established a clear and effective
accounting and financial management framework and            internal and external information communication
system, enhanced various management mechanism                system, which imposes strict requirements on the
in budget management, accounting calculation,                timeliness of information transfer so as to implement the
tax management, funds payment and receivable                 information disclosure management system and intensify
management, expense management, etc. Besides, the            the registration and filing of inside information. The
Company also optimized information system, identified,       Company also formulated the system of accountability
managed and controlled financial and accounting risks,       for material errors of information disclosure in the annual
improved finance efficiency and information quality          report. The criteria for identifying material errors and the
to ensure the truthfulness, completeness, accuracy           accountability mechanism have been established and
and timeliness of financial statements and relevant          strictly implemented.
information. In respect of funds utilization, the Company
formulated a standardized funds management system,           The Company has built up an independent internal
defined the process of funds allocation, and tightened the   auditing system with centralized management. Under
authorization and approval system to ensure the safety       the guidance of the Audit and Related Party Transaction
of the Company’s funds. The Company also formulated          Control Committee under the Board, the Audit
administrative measures on entrusted investment,             Department organized and implemented the internal
administrative measures on real estate investment,           audit work, and performed internal supervisory functions
administrative measures on the risk classification of        through regular auditing, auditing during tenure and after
investment assets, etc., prepared guidelines on the          resignation, economic responsibility auditing and special
utilization of insurance funds annually, strictly complied   auditing. The Company’s internal auditing continued to
with regulatory requirements on the utilization of funds,    expand its breadth and depth, strengthen the quality
controlled risks and standardized the utilization of         control of auditing projects, promote the informatization
insurance funds to effectively prevent risks. In respect     and digitization of auditing, deepen the application of
of information technology control, the Company               audit results, play the role of supervision and enhance
set up information security management system,               the value of auditing.
strengthened overall planning and basic management
of information system through the formulation of the         The Company optimized its accountability mechanism
system, preparation of procedures, implementation            for operation and management, which formed a
of specific operation and safety awareness training,         “comprehensive, coordinated, coherent, consistent
strengthened the design, development, operation,             in terms of authority and responsibility, effective and
maintenance, security management, confidentiality            efficient” (全面覆蓋、統籌協調、上下貫通、權責一致、
management, disaster relief management, outsourcing          有力有效) system, built an accountability culture that
service management, security management of mobile            “matched authority with responsibility, encouraged
application, and continued to improve information            commitment, fulfilled duties and pursued responsibility
technology and security management and control.              for dereliction of duty” (權責匹配、鼓勵擔當、盡職免
                                                             責、失職追責), and promoted the fulfillment of due
                                                             diligence of organizations and management cadres at
                                                             all levels in accordance with laws and regulations, thus



                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                109
Section 7




curbing illegal and irregular practices in operation and     RISK MANAGEMENT
management.                                                  RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM – OVERALL
                                                             STRATEGIES
The Board assumes responsibility for establishing and        The Company has established a risk management
maintaining a robust internal control system and ensuring    system covering all major business areas which the
its effective implementation. The Board also takes           Board bears ultimate responsibility, the Executive
responsibility for identifying material internal control
                                                             Committee provides direct leadership, the Risk
deficiencies and the annual internal control evaluation
                                                             Management         Department   coordinates,   relevant
report. Meanwhile, the Company has built a dedicated
                                                             functional departments and subordinated institutions
internal control unit to regularly assess internal control
                                                             cooperate, and audit department offers independent
risks. The Company provides reasonable assurance
                                                             audit oversight.
for non-existence of material false statements or loss.
On the basis of the Basic Standards for Enterprise
                                                             Based on value-oriented concept and internal control,
Internal Control (《企業內部控制基本規範》) (Cai Kuai
                                                             the Company pushed forward the comprehensive risk
[2008] No.7), the Circular on Printing and Distributing
                                                             management system via both quantitative and qualitative
the Implementary Guidelines for Enterprises Internal
                                                             analysis to realize the professional operation of risk
Control (《關於印發企業內部控制配套指引的通知》) (Cai
                                                             management and meet requirements of solvency risk
Kuai [2010] No.11) and other regulatory requirements
                                                             management and asset-liability management required
on internal control, taking into account the internal
                                                             by regulatory authorities, making risk management the
control system and assessment methods of the
                                                             important basis for the decision-making of the Board
Company, the Board conducted annual assessment
on internal control in a comprehensive way, which            and the Executive Committee. Considering the operation

covered marketing, operation, finance, funds utilization,    objective and expectations of all stakeholders, the

information technology management and other aspects          Company formulated risk strategy aiming at striking

of headquarters, branches and subsidiaries. The time         a balance among capital, value, profit and liquidity,

interval of 2025 assessment is from 1 January 2025           observing the laws, regulations and regulatory
to 31 December 2025. During the reporting period, the        requirements, controlling operation risks effectively,
risk management and internal control department has          and safeguarding the reputation and brand image so
confirmed to the Board that the operation of internal        as to achieve sustainable and sound development of
control was operating effectively. After the assessment,     the Company.
the Board was of the view that the Company’s internal
control system construction and operation were effective     The Company made steady progress in risk management
and adequate as a whole and the auditor has issued a         system and procedure, continued to improve risk
standard and unqualified internal control audit report.      management system and optimized the management
                                                             process. In 2025, the Company constantly optimized
For details of the Company’s internal control assessment,    its compliance management institution and mechanism,
please refer to the Internal Control Assessment Report       and amended its core document, the Compliance
2025 separately disclosed by the Company on the same         Management Measures; carried out annual evaluation
day and the internal control audit report issued by the      and inspection on risk preference system, and updated
auditor.



110        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                       About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                       China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




the Statement of Risk Preference of 2025 (《2025年度風             In 2025, the Company constantly optimized its risk
險偏好陳述書》); improved the mechanism for asset risk                control and compliance management system. The risk
classification, and amended and issued the Provisional         management subsystem was able to collect and process
Measures for Risk Classification of Insurance Assets           data, monitor key risk indicators and give early warning,
(2025)    (《保險資產風險分類管理暫行辦法(2025)》);                            and manage risk statement, to monitor indicators and
reinforced operational risk management, and amended            data in the course of operation and management of the
the Operational Risk Management Measures (《操作風險                Company through modern information technology. The
管理辦法》). In 2025, the Company further improved risk             internal control subsystem covered the whole internal
management procedures, advanced the internal control           control management modules including internal control
management measures and systems in operation and               evaluation, defect rectification and operation risk event
management activities including marketing, operation,          management, which intensified the basic risk control
finance, funds utilization, information technology and         management. The compliance management system
other aspects of the Company, strengthened money               was able to monitor and give early warning for key
laundering risk management system, complied with               business indicators, monitor key compliance assessment
the requirements of the latest laws and regulations            indicators, and report important compliance information,
on anti-money laundering, built anti-money laundering          achieving the efficient application of information
management culture to fulfill the legal obligations of anti-   technology in compliance management and enhancing
money laundering and enhance the quality and efficiency        the overall efficiency of compliance monitoring and
of anti-money laundering.                                      compliance management. Anti-money laundering and
                                                               the related system realized various functions such as
The Company improved its own risk management in                customer due diligence, transaction monitoring and
consideration of the requirements of C-ROSS phase 2.           analysis, monitoring list maintenance and filtering to
Through self-assessment of solvency risk management            provide strong support for the risk management in
and comprehensive benchmarking analysis, the Company           money laundering.
identified problems and made specific rectification to
upgrade its risk management.                                   RISK IDENTIFICATION AND CONTROL
                                                               The major risks of the Company in the course of
In 2025, the Company constantly optimized its risk             operation and management include market risk, credit
monitoring and reporting mechanism, and conducted              risk, insurance risk, operational risk, reputation risk,
regular monitoring and analysis of various risks, including    strategic risk, liquidity risk, etc.
market risk, credit risk, insurance risk, operational risk,
strategic risk, reputation risk and liquidity risk under       Market risk
the comprehensive risk management system on a                  Market risks refer to risks that expose the Company
monthly basis. Meanwhile, the Company focused on               to unexpected losses due to adverse movements in
the progress of asset allocation and its risk control to       interest rates, equity prices, real estate prices, exchange
provide the headquarters, branches and subsidiaries            rates, etc.
with risk warning and reminder of related risks.




                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 111
Section 7




The Company continued to monitor the proportion of          Credit risk of investment business
high-risk assets, value at risk (VaR), asset duration and   The Company primarily monitored the credit rating and
other key indicators. Benchmark threshold values were       concentration of investment targets and counterparties
set up for risk warning. In addition, in case of extreme    and improved the investment proportion of counterparties
circumstances, the Company adopted sensitivity              with high credit rating, ensuring the overall credit risk
analysis and stress test to measure the potential loss      exposure within control. More than 95% of investment
to the Company under stress with focus on the impacts       deposits and bonds held by the Company have a credit
brought by market volatility and interest rate movements    rating of AAA and credit ratings of major counterparties
on fair value of investment assets and solvency of the      are AAA.
Company.

                                                            To address the credit risks of investment business,
In order to handle market risks, the Company primarily      the Company primarily adopted the following measures
adopted the following measures: 1. placing emphasis on      in 2025: 1. strictly enforcing the internal credit and
macroeconomic studies and prudently analyzing domestic      credit rating system for counterparties and stringently
and international market trends; 2. making prudent          checking on credit-based investment products; 2.
investment and focusing on asset-liability matching         implementing entity credit for credit-related assets
management; 3. sticking to value-oriented investment,       and enhancing concentration management of a single
selecting assets with potential value appreciation, and     entity to prevent credit risks; 3. monitoring the credit
pursuing medium- and long-term investment earnings; 4.      risk of investment portfolios, analyzing and assessing
proactively managing the positions of equity assets and     the possibility and impact of credit default events; 4.
conducting regular stress tests to measure their impacts    establishing a “Negative List” management mechanism
on investment return and solvency margin ratio in order     in key funds utilization, and updating the “Negative
to keep exposure within control; 5. regularly analyzing     List” after dynamic assessment of market changes; and
the historical risks and returns of major assets classes;   5. optimizing the risk asset classification management
and 6. enhancing risk monitoring and early warning to       system and strengthening the penetrating risk
strengthen emergency management.                            management.


Credit risk                                                 Reinsurance credit risk
Credit risks refer to risks that expose the Company         The Company assessed the credit ratings of reinsurance
to unexpected losses due to non-performance or              counterparties to mitigate reinsurance credit risk.
delay in the performance of contractual obligations by
counterparties, or adverse movements in their credit.       As of the end of 2025, in terms of reinsurance
The credit risks faced by the Company are mainly related    counterparties, the Company had 9 reinsurers, and all
to investment deposits, bonds, non-standard financial       of their credit ratings were above grade A. Six of them
products, reinsurance arrangements, etc.                    obtained Standard & Poor’s ratings: one company had
                                                            a rating of AA+, two companies AA-, two companies
                                                            A+, and one company A. The other three companies
                                                            obtained A.M. Best’s ratings: two companies A+ and one
                                                            company A-. The Company had good credit distribution
                                                            within the ceding business.

112     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                         About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                         China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Insurance risk                                                   Operational risk
Insurance risks refer to risks arising from the unfavorable      Operational risks refer to risks that expose the Company
deviation of the actual situation from the projections in        to losses due to inappropriate internal operation
terms of assumptions on mortality rate, morbidity rate,          procedures,      personnel,       information      technology
compensation rate, surrender rate, expense rate, etc.            systems or external events, including legal risks. The
                                                                 major operational risks faced by the Company include
The Company assessed and monitored insurance risks               misleading sales and criminal insurance cases.
through regular review of historical empirical data,
sensitivity analysis of main assumptions and other               Risk of misleading sales
techniques, with focus on the impact of surrender rate,          Risks of misleading sales refer to risks arising from
mortality rate and morbidity rate on the Company’s               acts of life insurance companies, insurance agencies
operating results.                                               and insurance sales agents who, in the course of life
                                                                 insurance business activities, violate the Insurance
The Company managed insurance risks in product                   Law and other laws, administrative regulations and
development, underwriting tactics and reinsurance                relevant provisions of the NFRA, and make misleading
arrangements via the following mechanisms and                    advertisements or interpretations of the insurance
measures: 1. implementing effective product development          products concerned by deception, concealment or
and management system, designing proper insurance                inducement, etc. Comprehensive rectification of
liabilities, setting the product price on the basis of market    misleading sales based on regulatory requirements is a
research and predicting the product profitability based          major task for the Company.
on the Company’s empirical analysis and reasonable
expectation, so as to maintain a rational expense ratio          To effectively address the risk of misleading sales, the
and profitability; 2. making customized underwriting             Company mainly adopted the following measures in
through prudent underwriting tactics and processes to            2025: 1. strengthening governance of problems from
ensure the risk within control; 3. arranging appropriate         the sources, improving internal control management
reinsurance based on the risk characteristics of the             systems in various distribution channels, amending
insured, and ensuring that reinsurance contract basically        systems in key fields including the basic law, quality
covered products with risk liabilities to effectively transfer   management measures, and embedding relevant
insurance risk; 4. reviewing the Company’s operating             regulatory requirements for the rectification of
data on a regular basis to conduct empirical analysis and        distribution channels into the Company’s internal control
trend research, which served as the basis for adjusting          system to prevent misleading sales from the sources;
pricing assumptions and assessing assumptions; and 5.            2. leveraging the role of supervision and collaboration,
reflecting problems and relevant information identified          placing emphasis on joint problem solving. Frontline
in empirical analysis timely to product development,             and back-office departments of the headquarters
underwriting and claim settlement departments to                 enhanced the supervision and management of
optimize business procedures and risk management.                subordinated institutions, with focus on improving the




                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                113
Section 7




areas in terms of mechanism, processes and systems;           publicizing the latest regulatory requirements to prevent
3. improving the review mechanism for consumers’              case risks; 2. conducting case risk monitoring on a
rights and interests protection, constantly amending          regular basis by means of indicators, complaints and
and reviewing work system, and conducting consumers’          others, supervising branches to discover and mitigate
rights and interests protection examination on products       risks in a timely manner, and establishing the list of high-
and services in respect of design and development,            risk personnel; 3. carrying out risk screening of criminal
pricing management, agreement, marketing and                  cases throughout the Company, conducting screening
publicity; improving the consumer complaint handling          on agents using insurance business or the Company’s
mechanisms, and smoothing complaint channels; and             credits for illegal fund-raising, illegal sale of non-
4. strengthening publicity and training, accountability       insurance financial products, fraud and embezzlement
and education. According to regulatory requirements,          of funds of customers and the Company, private loans,
the management personnel should be held responsible           and other hidden risks; 4. focusing on key risk areas and
for misleading sales. The Company made promotional            combating fraudulent claims with great determination;
and training materials combined with typical cases from       5. conducting regular warning education and training
the industry and the Company to strengthen publicity          to ensure compliance; and 6. strengthening mitigation
and training and enhance the compliance awareness of          and reporting of criminal cases, and reinforcing the
both internal staff and external agents.                      supervision of case prevention for subordinated
                                                              institutions, so as to strengthen the responsibility of
Risk of criminal insurance cases                              case prevention.
Risks of criminal insurance cases refer to risks that
insurance company employees and agents who, in the            In addition to the measures taken to address the
course of business operation, exploit their positions to      abovementioned significant operational risks, the
infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of the      Company also mitigated daily operational risks by
company or of customers, or misuse the company’s              optimizing management processes, enhancing internal
important blank certificates, seals and business premises     control and compliant management, conducting risk
to obtain the company’s credit for illegal financial          screening and strengthening internal auditing supervision.
activities such as illegal fund-raising, and other criminal
cases that have been filed and investigated by public         Reputation risk
security, judicial and supervisory authorities, which may     Reputation risks refer to risks that expose the Company
bring economic loss, reputation damage or other adverse       to losses due to negative comments by stakeholders as
impacts to the Company.                                       a result of operation and management of the Company
                                                              or external events.
To effectively address risks of criminal insurance
cases, the Company mainly adopted the following               The coverage of the Company by external media in
measures in 2025: 1. constantly improving the system          2025 was primarily positive and objective. Guided by the
and mechanism for case prevention, strengthening              prevention-first approach, the Company has established a
the organization and leadership of case prevention,           routine, long-term and effective management mechanism
reinforcing departmental coordination, and proactively        with focus on pre-emptive risk assessment and daily




114     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                     About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                     China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




precaution. The Company manages daily public opinion         opportunities in light of development needs of the
through 24/7 monitoring. The Company has established         Company; 3. holding regular management meetings for
a comprehensive reputation risk management system            annual operation plans and key initiatives to promote the
that covers all channels and subordinated institutions       sustained high-quality development of the Company; 4.
in terms of organizational structure, system, daily          formulating appraisal schemes scientifically to guarantee
monitoring and risk disposal with excellent linkage          alignment with the Company’s overall planning; and
mechanism. In response to untrue or negative public          5. strengthening communication and coordination,
opinion, the Company communicates with the media             enhancing the synergy between strategy management
in a timely manner, carries out positive publicity at the    department and related functional departments to form
earliest time, properly handles public opinion, clarifies    a coordinated and feedback mechanism on strategy
untrue negative reports, and reduces the impact of           planning. In 2025, the soundness of the Company’s
public opinions on the Company’s reputation and image.       strategic risk management system and the effectiveness
                                                             of its implementation were maintained.
Strategic risk
Strategic risks refer to risks of mismatch between           Liquidity risk
strategies, market conditions and capabilities of the        The liquidity risks refer to risks that the Company fails to
Company arising from ineffective formulation or              have access to sufficient funds in time or at reasonable
implementation of strategies or changing environment.        costs to pay its debts as they become due or fulfill other
                                                             payment obligations.
The Company has developed a relatively complete
system for strategic risk management, and established        The Company constantly monitored future cash flow,
a strategic risk management structure for which the          carried out stress tests to keep a close eye on indicators
Board bears overall responsibility, and which is led by      such as the liquidity coverage ratio, and formulated
the management, closely assisted by relevant functional      solutions in advance by putting daily risk monitoring
departments. The mechanism and process of planning           in place and paying attention to unusual changes of
formulation, implementation, evaluation and reporting        indicators.
have been improved. By taking into full account of various
factors such as market environment, risk preference,         To address liquidity risks, the Company primarily
capital position and capabilities of the Company, the        adopted the following measures: 1. strictly controlling
Company made planning for its development and put            non-compliant sales in product marketing to enhance
into practice in stages. The Company will regularly track    business quality and prevent the large-scale payments
and evaluate the implementation of its plan and strategic    induced by unusual concentrated surrenders; 2. building
risk management.                                             up reserve system for contingency payments in case
                                                             of short-notice request for large amount payments; 3.
In 2025, the Company mainly adopted the following            planning and managing long-term liquidity, adjusting the
measures: 1. coordinating the successful conclusion          medium- and long-term asset allocation, and considering
of the “14th Five-Year Plan” and mapping out the             the liquidity profiles of both assets and liabilities via
“15th Five-Year Plan”; 2. carrying out regular analysis      investment guidelines; and 4. consolidating emergency
of market conditions, and actively seizing the market        management and formulating emergency plans to
                                                             defuse liquidity risks.
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                115
Section 8


ENVIRONMENTAL AND
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

ENVIRONMENT INFORMATION                                     The Company remains committed to building a fully
                                                            paperless and green service model through digital
The Company actively responds to the national call
                                                            transformation. In 2025, the Company upgraded the
for advancing ecological civilization and achieving the
                                                            enquiry and processing functions of “Zhangshang NCI”
goals of “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality”, and
                                                            App, enabling online business handling, such as checking
integrates the green development philosophy into the
                                                            policies, correspondence, pending tasks and premium
entire process of corporate governance and operation.
                                                            payments. Electronic policy applications, electronic
The Company vigorously promotes green office practices
                                                            receipts and documents were promoted in both individual
and low-carbon operations, improves resource utilization
                                                            and group insurance businesses, significantly increasing
efficiency and deepens its sustainable development.
                                                            the online service rate. In addition, the Company rolled
                                                            out the application of “electronic invoices” (數電發票)
The Company, as a financial institution, generated
                                                            and electronic accounting archives nationwide. While
greenhouse gas emissions at the operational level
                                                            providing customers with efficient and convenient
mainly from energy consumption in its workplaces and
                                                            services, these efforts substantially reduced paper
data centers. The Company has strictly complied with
                                                            consumption and resource wastage, and lowered the
and implemented the Environmental Protection Law of
                                                            operational carbon footprint.
the People’s Republic of China, the Energy Law of the
People’s Republic of China, the Energy Conservation
                                                            During the reporting period, the Company was not subject
Law of the People’s Republic of China and other laws
                                                            to any administrative penalty because of environmental
and regulations, and has established and enforced
                                                            issues.
various energy conservation management systems.
In 2025, the Company assessed energy consumption
                                                            For more information, please refer to the Environmental,
at its headquarters and implemented precise energy-
                                                            Social, Governance (ESG) and Corporate Social
saving measures. For energy-consuming scenarios in
                                                            Responsibility Report 2025 disclosed by the Company
data centers, the Company effectively reduced the
                                                            on the website of the HKSE on the same day.
Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) by optimising air
conditioning operating, enhancing thermal management
                                                            SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
and utilising natural cooling sources. Meanwhile, the
                                                            Support the Real Economy and Serve the
Company promoted the electrification of official vehicles
                                                            National Strategy
and advocated for green commuting to reduce carbon
                                                            The Company continues to solidify its role as a mainstay
emissions in operations.
                                                            in bolstering the real economy, optimizes its investment
                                                            layout, increases funding for major national strategies,
                                                            key areas and weak links such as technological
                                                            innovation, industrial upgrading and low-carbon




116     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                          About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                          China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




development, and makes overall plans to promote the               year for digital transformation. Over RMB68 billion were
development of “five priorities” in finance. As of the end        invested to support the development of enterprises in
of 2025, the Company invested over RMB360 billion in              the digital industry chains, such as AI, cloud computing
serving the “five priorities” in finance, and contributed         and digital economy.
RMB46.25 billion to jointly establish three pilot funds
and safeguard capital market stability. Through adhering          Rural Revitalization
to the strategy of investing in early-stage, small-scale,         In 2025, the Company proactively implemented
long-term, and hard technologies, the Company fostered            the decisions and deployments of the CPC Central
the development of new quality productive forces.                 Committee, and continued to support the national
                                                                  strategy of rural revitalization. Throughout the year, over
The Company made coordinated efforts to support the               RMB70.92 million assistance funds were coordinated
unicorn enterprises. The Company invested in the first            and allocated for rural revitalization. Among them, the
batch of technology innovation bond ETFs, supported               Company carried out more than 20 assistance projects
new generation information technology, biotechnology              on “Five Revitalization Initiatives” in Shibing County,
and other strategically emerging industries clusters, as          Guizhou Province and Chayouzhong Banner, Ulanqab,
well as enterprises that use special and sophisticated            Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, and supported
technologies, with the investment of RMB140 billion.              rural revitalization projects in Xinjiang Autonomous
The Company backed the green development and the                  Region, Hebei, Yunnan, Hubei and other regions. The
“dual carbon” strategies by means of subscribing to               total value of agricultural products directly procured
multiple publicly offered REITs in the new energy sector,         or sold by the Company from poverty-alleviated areas
with the investment of RMB75.1 billion. Efforts were              amounted to RMB36.11 million, and RMB18.99 million
made to expand inclusive insurance coverage, improve              paid and unpaid assistance funds were introduced for
its quality and efficiency, fully support rural revitalization,   Shibing County. Meanwhile, the Company called on its
and improve people’s livelihoods and boost consumption.           employees, Party members and cadres to donate money
Specifically, the Company subscribed to multiple ABS              and materials to contribute to rural revitalization.
products backed by loans to small and micro enterprise,
consumer finance, and rental housing REITs, with the              The Company capitalized on its core business to
investment of RMB55.6 billion in inclusive finance. The           safeguard against rural communities falling back into
Company improved the multi-tiered healthcare and old-             poverty, and adopted an “insurance + public welfare”
age care insurance system, vigorously developed second            model to precisely address the needs of agriculture,
and third pillars of pension business, accelerated the            rural areas and farmers. Since winning the bids for the
layout of the medical care, healthcare and old-age care           two national-level public welfare insurance projects,
ecosystem, and increased investment in the healthcare             “Dingliangzhu” and “Jiayou Baobei”, the Company
and old-age care industry, with the amount reaching               has provided services for 348 thousand individuals
RMB26.8 billion. The Company also invested in the first           nationwide, settled over 5,500 claims, and paid out more
batch of data center REITs, enhanced the application of           than RMB6.96 million. In 2025, the Company introduced
AI, and allocated a total of RMB1.09 billion throughout the       over RMB1.50 million funds to provide “Dingliangzhu”




                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                117
Section 8




public welfare insurance for 20 thousand breadwinners          The Company has always put people first, and abided
of families in Shibing County, and offer “Jiayou Mulan”        by various laws and regulations, including the Labor
(加油木蘭) public welfare insurance for 16.9 thousand              Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Labor
women who had been lifted out of poverty. Leveraging           Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, and
its core strengths in insurance, the Company has added         strived for building a talent development system that
multiple layers of protection for rural households.            is aligned with business growth. A dual career track
                                                               system has been established to combine management
The Foundation, in cooperation with China Foundation           and specialist roles. Under a unified job grading structure,
for Rural Development, China Women’s Development               the system provided employees with diversified and
Foundation and other charitable organizations, carried out     tailored development pathways, making all types of
a series of rural revitalization projects in Shibing County,   talents gain the opportunity to grow and achieve personal
Guizhou Province, including the New Farmers’ Bookshop          breakthroughs within a sound mechanism that allows for
(新農書屋), Warmth for Every Home (愛暖萬家), Angel                    both promotion and demotion, as well as entry and exit.
Project (天使工程), Love with Food Support (愛加餐),
and the Fishing Programme (授漁計劃). These efforts                The Company has systematically planned its talent
provided systematic and multi-dimensional support in           development in line with its strategic objectives, and
local areas such as talent revival, cultural revitalization,   improved the full-chain mechanism covering selection,
industrial development, educational advancement,               cultivation, appointment, incentive and restraint. The
medical treatment and public health, and social welfare.       Company constantly optimized its workforce structure
                                                               through a combination of regular reviews, internal
In 2025, the Company was awarded the “Best Practice            cultivation and external recruitment. In recent years,
Case of Rural Revitalization by Listed Companies” by           the competitive appointment approach has effectively
China Association for Public Companies.                        stimulated the vitality of the organization, and given rise
                                                               to a large number of key personnel who are eager to
Help Employees Grow                                            bear responsibilities, willing to take risks and capable
Through creating a tolerant, equal, mutual trust and           of delivering results. Meanwhile, with an open vision,
collaborative environment for employees, the Company           the Company has recruited leading talents in key fields,
makes efforts to guarantee the rights and interests of         creating a virtuous cycle where “the recruitment of one
employees, promote their mental and physical health,           individual drives the development of a group of people”.
and build platforms for their improvements to synchronize
the Company’s values with employees’ values.                   The Company has always regarded the growth of
                                                               employees as a long-term cornerstone for the future.
                                                               While safeguarding employees’ legitimate rights and
                                                               interests and prioritising their physical and mental well-
                                                               being, the Company has endeavored to align employees
                                                               with its value creation and      enable mutual growth,
                                                               achieving a symbiotic relationship between personal
                                                               development and organizational progress.




118     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                      About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                      China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Consumer Rights Protection                                    In 2025, the Company strictly implemented laws,
                                                              regulations, and regulatory requirements related to
Important information on consumer
rights protection                                             consumer rights protection. The Company formulated
                                                              or revised more than 30 documents concerning
The Company attaches great importance to the
                                                              consumer rights protection, such as the Measures for
protection of consumer rights and interests, integrates
                                                              Product Suitability Management (《產品適當性管理辦
consumer rights protection into all aspects of corporate
                                                              法》), the Measures for Data Security Management
governance, and has established a complete system
                                                              (2025 Revision) (《數據安全管理辦法(2025年修訂)》),
and mechanism for the protection of consumer rights
                                                              the Implementation Rules for Training Management of
and interests.
                                                              Consumers’ Rights Protection (Trial) (《消費者權益保
                                                              護培訓管理實施細則(試行)》), and the Implementation
In terms of institution development, the Board, as
                                                              Rules for Diversified Resolution of Consumer Disputes
the highest decision-making body for the protection
                                                              (Trial) (《消費糾紛多元化解工作保障實施細則(試行)》)
of consumer rights and interests, formulates the
                                                              to optimize working mechanisms for consumer rights
strategies, policies and objectives for consumer rights       protection in areas such as product and service review,
protection and oversees their effective execution and         consumer rights protection auditing and performance
implementation. Under the Board, the Risk Management          evaluation. Meanwhile, the Company consistently
and Consumer Rights Protection Committee carries out          strengthened the management over product suitability,
activities related to consumer rights protection within the   marketing and publicity, information disclosure,
Board’s mandate. At both the headquarters and branch          traceability of marketing behavior, cooperative institutions
levels, a consumer rights protection affairs committee,       and consumer services, carried out consumer education
composed of relevant senior management and key                and publicity on a regular basis, and properly resolved
department principals, has been structured to uniformly       various consumer complaints and disputes to effectively
plan and coordinate the deployment of consumer rights         protect the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
protection, forming a top-down management system for
consumer rights protection.                                   Consumer complaints and handling
                                                              The Company continued to improve consumer complaint
In terms of mechanism development, the Company
                                                              handling mechanisms and feedback channels to further
has formulated the Measures for the Administration of         smooth consumer complaint channels, streamline the
Consumer Rights Protection (《消費者權益保護管理辦                       complaint handling process and improve complaint
法》), which clearly define the organisational framework,       notices, and announced through the Company’s
division of responsibilities and relevant management          official website, official WeChat public account, official
standards for consumer rights protection. Supporting          App and national customer service center, so as to
systems and documents have also been developed                respond to consumer demands in a timely manner and
to build a comprehensive management system for                effectively safeguard the legitimate rights and interests
consumer rights protection covering pre-event, during-        of consumers.
event and post-event stages. This ensures the effective
implementation of all consumer rights protection
initiatives and the robust safeguarding of consumers’
legitimate rights and interests.


                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                119
Section 8




According to the notice on consumer complaints in the insurance industry for the year 2025 from the NFRA, the
Company recorded a total of 1,803 complaints, with a rate of 0.92 complaints per RMB100 million premiums and
0.41 complaints per 10,000 policies. Based on the main issues reflected in the complaints, surrender dispute
complaints accounted for 54.35% and sales dispute complaints accounted for 37.77%. The distribution of
complaints is as follows:

                              Number of        Proportion                               Number of         Proportion
 Branch                       complaints              (%)        Branch                 complaints               (%)

 Shaanxi                              190            10.54       Yunnan                           28             1.55
 Jilin                                188            10.43       Ningxia                          27             1.50
 Xinjiang                             132             7.32       Guizhou                          25             1.39
 Inner Mongolia                       130             7.21       Qinghai                          23             1.28
 Jiangsu                              129             7.15       Tianjin                          23             1.28
 Jiangxi                              129             7.15       Zhejiang                         22             1.22
 Hunan                                 95             5.27       Anhui                            19             1.05
 Beijing                               91             5.05       Gansu                            13             0.72
 Shandong                              86             4.77       Shanghai                         13             0.72
 Hebei                                 56             3.11       Liaoning                         12             0.67
 Sichuan                               54             3.00       Chongqing                        12             0.67
 Guangdong                             51             2.83       Qingdao                          10             0.55
 Henan                                 50             2.77       Hainan                            8             0.44
 Fujian                                37             2.05       Xiamen                            8             0.44
 Heilongjiang                          33             1.83       Shenzhen                          8             0.44
 Guangxi                               31             1.72       Dalian                            7             0.39
 Hubei                                 30             1.66       Ningbo                            3             0.17
 Shanxi                                30             1.66


For other complaints of the Company, please refer            Consumer Rights Protection Audit and
to the relevant chapters of the Environmental, Social,       Supervision
Governance (ESG) and Corporate Social Responsibility
                                                             The Company has established a regular and standardized
Report 2025 disclosed by the Company on the website
                                                             internal audit mechanism for consumer rights protection,
of the HKSE on the same day.
                                                             which has defined the audit cycle, frequency, key points
                                                             and scope, and conducted a special audit once a year
Education and Publicity on Consumer                          to assess the implementation of this mechanism at
Rights Protection                                            both the headquarters and branch levels. In 2025, the
The Company attaches great importance to the education       Company carried out a comprehensive review of the
and publicity on consumer rights protection. In 2025, the    development of consumer rights protection system
Company conducted a total of 47.4 thousand education         and mechanisms, as well as the safeguarding of eight
and publicity activities on consumer rights protection,      fundamental rights, including the right to information,
reaching 105 million consumers.                              the right to make independent choice, and the right to
                                                             personal information security. By issuing a special report,
                                                             the Company objectively assessed current performance
                                                             and identified directions for future improvement to fully
                                                             leverage the effectiveness of supervision. The Special
                                                             Audit Report on Consumer Rights Protection for the Year
                                                             2024-2025 has been formally considered and approved
                                                             at the 1st meeting of the ninth session of the Board.



120 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                    About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                    China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




Public Welfare Actions and Charitable                       By the end of 2025, the volunteer team of the Company
Donations                                                   had more than 35 thousand members, and carried out
The Company leverages the strengths of insurance            over 4,300 activities such as achieving carbon peaking
industry to gradually form a unique public welfare model    and carbon neutrality, respecting and helping the elderly
of “insurance products + public welfare platforms +         and caring for sanitation workers. A total of 46 thousand
volunteer services” and explore a distinctive path for      volunteers took part in various activities and more than
undertaking social responsibility. In 2025, the donation    90 thousand hours of service were provided throughout
for public welfare exceeded RMB8.41 million.                the year.


In 2025, the Company continued the “NCI Inclusive           On 7 January 2025, a 6.8-magnitude earthquake
Insurance Public Welfare Project for Sanitation Workers     hit Shigatse City, Xizang Autonomous Region. The
Nationwide”, providing accidental injury insurance          Company immediately activated an emergency response
of RMB100,000 per person for over 620 thousand              mechanism and donated RMB1 million to the earthquake-
sanitation workers across China. Since 2017, the            stricken areas in Xizang. On 30 November 2025, a five-
project has benefited nearly 6.70 million sanitation        alarm fire broke out at Wang Fuk Court in Tai Po District,
workers cumulatively, and settled 524 claims, with a        New Territories, Hong Kong. Following the disaster, the
compensation payment of RMB46.639 million.                  Asset Management Company (Hong Kong) promptly
                                                            donated HKD1 million to fully support disaster relief and
The Company actively served the people’s livelihoods        post-disaster reconstruction.
by contributing to social first-aid capacity. In 2025,
through the Foundation, the Company launched the            For details of fulfilling social responsibilities of the
“Super First-Aid Programme” public welfare project to       Company, please refer to the Environmental, Social,
popularize first-aid knowledge among young people. This     Governance (ESG) and Corporate Social Responsibility
project carried out over 100 activities throughout the      Report 2025 disclosed by the Company on the website
year, engaging more than 5,000 teenagers nationwide.        of the HKSE on the same day.
In addition, the Zhejiang Branch established a red cross
unit in the office building, creating a dedicated offline
red cross hub that integrates functions like knowledge
dissemination, cultural promotion, and teaching and
training. By virtue of the innovative development model
of “building + unit”, the Zhejiang Branch was awarded
the title of “National Red Cross Model Unit” (全國紅十
字模範單位).




                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                121
Section 9


THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS REPORT
AND SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

MAIN BUSINESSES                                                Principal employees and customers
As approved by regulatory authorities and company              Details of senior management and employees of the

registration authorities, the business scope of the            Company are set out in Section 6 “Directors, Senior

Company includes: providing life insurance in RMB              Management and Employees” of this report.

and foreign currencies (including various life insurance,
health insurance, and accident and casualty insurance);        During the reporting period, the premiums contributed

acting as an agent for domestic and foreign insurance          by any single customer was less than 30% of the

institutions for insurance, verification and claim             Company’s gross written premiums. The total premium

settlement; insurance consulting; engaging in capital          income from the top five customers was also less than

utilization in accordance with relevant regulations; and       30% of the Company’s gross written premiums.

other business approved by the insurance regulatory
                                                               Compliance with relevant laws and
authorities. There was no material change in the major
                                                               regulations
business scope of the Company during the reporting
                                                               During the reporting period, the Company strictly abided
period.
                                                               by the laws and regulations which significantly affected
                                                               the Company’s operation.
BUSINESS REVIEW
Annual business and business results                           Company’s relations with employees and
analysis                                                       customers
Analysis on the business results of the Company during         Details of the Company’s relations with employees
the reporting period is set out in Section 4 “Management       and customers are set out in Section 6 “Directors,
Discussion and Analysis” of this report.                       Senior Management and Employees” and Section 8
                                                               “Environmental and Social Responsibility” of this report.
Major risks and uncertain factors
Please refer to Section 7 “Corporate Governance” of            Prospects
this report for details of major risks and uncertain factors   Please refer to Section 4 “Management Discussion and
of the Company.                                                Analysis” of this report for details of the prospects on
                                                               future business of the Company.
Environment policy
The Company is not listed as a key pollutant discharge         Post-balance sheet events
unit by the environmental protection department. For           Please refer to Note 44 to “Consolidated Financial
details of environmental protection, please refer to the       Statements” of this report for any material event that
Environmental, Social, Governance (ESG) and Corporate          occurs after the financial year 2025 and has significant
Social Responsibility Report 2025 disclosed on the             impact on the Company.
website of the HKSE on the same day.




122 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                     About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                     China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




USE OF PROCEEDS                                            PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
The Company’s proceeds raised were all used for            Please refer to Notes 6 to “Consolidated Financial
replenishing the capital base to support sustainable       Statements” of this report for details of property, plant
business growth, consistent with the commitments in        and equipment of the Company during the reporting
the IPO Prospectus.                                        period.


INVESTMENT PROPERTY
                                                                                                            Equity of the
 No.      Address                                          Purpose                  Term                        Company

 1        NCI Tower, A12 Jianguomenwai Avenue,             Office building          Middle-term lease                100%
            Chaoyang District, Beijing
 2        No. 7 Office Building of Shanghai Port           Office building          Middle-term lease                100%
            International Passenger Transport Center,
            558 Dongda Ming Road, Hongkou District,
            Shanghai
 3        Binhai International Center, Exhibition North    Office building          Middle-term lease                100%
            Road, Siming District, Xiamen, Fujian
            Province
 4        New China Insurance Tower, International         Office building          Middle-term lease                100%
            Financial City, Tianhe District, Guangzhou,
            Guangdong Province


The directors of the Company are of the view that the      BOND ISSUANCE AND BOND DETAILS
listing of all investment properties would result in an
                                                           The Second Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025
excessively lengthy list of information and therefore
                                                           held on 31 March 2025 of the Company considered
only listed significant properties.
                                                           and approved the Proposal on the Issuance of Domestic
                                                           Undated Capital Bonds, authorizing the issuance of up to
SHARE CAPITAL
                                                           RMB10,000 million (inclusive) in domestic undated capital
Please refer to Section 10 “Changes in Share Capital       bonds subject to regulatory approval. For more details,
and Shareholders’ Profile” of this report for details of   please refer to Circulars of the Second Extraordinary
changes in share capital of the Company during the         General Meeting of 2025 and Poll Results of the Second
reporting period.                                          Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 published on the
                                                           website of the HKSE on 11 March 2025 and 31 March
                                                           2025, respectively by the Company.




                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  123
Section 9




The Fourth Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 held       MAJOR TRANSACTION
on 24 December 2025 of the Company considered and
                                                            On 21 February 2025, the NFRA approved the continued
approved the Proposal on the Issuance of Domestic
                                                            investment of the Company, together with China Life
Undated Capital Bonds, authorizing the issuance of up
                                                            Insurance Company Limited (“China Life”), in the
to RMB10,000 million (inclusive) in domestic undated
                                                            Guofeng Xinghua Honghu Zhiyuan Private Securities
capital bonds subject to regulatory approval. For
                                                            Investment Fund II initiated by Guofeng Xinghua (Beijing)
more details, please refer to Circulars of the Fourth
                                                            Private Fund Management Co., Ltd. (國豐興華(北京)私募
Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 and Poll Results
                                                            基金管理有限公司). On 13 May 2025, the NFRA further
of the Fourth Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 and
                                                            approved the joint investment by the Company and
Appointment of Directors published on the website of
                                                            several insurers including China Life in the Guofeng
the HKSE on 4 December 2025 and 24 December 2025,
                                                            Xinghua Honghu Zhiyuan Private Securities Investment
respectively by the Company.
                                                            Fund III initiated by the same fund manager. Currently,
                                                            both funds maintain stable operations.
The Company exercised its redemption right in respect
of the “2020 Capital Supplementary Bonds of New China
                                                            On 22 May 2025 and 4 July 2025, the Company invested
Life Insurance Company Ltd.” on 13 May 2025, and
                                                            RMB10 billion and RMB11.25 billion respectively to
redeemed the entire issue. As of the end of the reporting
                                                            subscribe for the units of Guofeng Xinghua Honghu
period, the Company’s issued and outstanding capital
                                                            Zhiyuan Private Securities Investment Fund II and
supplementary bonds stood at RMB20,000 million.
                                                            Fund III No.1 sponsored by Guofeng Xinghua (Beijing)
                                                            Private Fund Management Co., Ltd., and entered into
MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL
                                                            fund agreements. Currently, both funds maintain stable
As of the end of the reporting period, the Company did      operations.
not undertake any material acquisition or disposal that
was required to be disclosed.                               For more details, please refer to relevant announcements
                                                            disclosed on the website of the HKSE on 29 April, 22
SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT                                      May, 12 June and 4 July 2025, respectively.
As of the end of the reporting period, the Company
had no significant investment that was required to be       As of the end of the reporting period, the amount of
disclosed pursuant to paragraph 32(4A) of Appendix D2       the above transaction accounted for less than 5% of the
to the Hong Kong Listing Rules.                             total assets of the Company, which did not constitute
                                                            a significant investment under paragraph 32(4A) of
                                                            Appendix D2 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




124 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                      About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                      China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




BANK LOANS                                                    PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHT
During the reporting period, the Company had no bank          Pursuant to P.R.C. laws and regulations and the Articles
loans other than the issued capital supplementary             of Association, shareholders of the Company had no
bonds and assets sold under agreements to repurchase          pre-emptive right and the Company did not have any
involved in the investment business of the Company.           share option arrangement.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS                                              PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
                                                              MANAGEMENT
During the reporting period, the Company had no pledge
of assets.                                                    For the biographical details of directors and senior
                                                              management, please refer to Section 6 “Directors,
SEIZURE, DISTRAINMENT OR FREEZE OF                            Senior Management and Employees” of this report.
MAJOR ASSETS
During the reporting period, the Company had no event
                                                              INTERESTS    OF   DIRECTORS                                   IN
                                                              COMPETITIVE BUSINESSES
of seizure, distrainment or freeze of major assets that
was required to be disclosed.                                 During the reporting period, there had been no interests
                                                              of the Company’s directors in competitive business.
EXCHANGE RATE RISK AND HEDGING
                                                              SERVICE     CONTRACT       AND
Please refer to Note 4 to “Consolidated Financial
                                                              REMUNERATIONS OF DIRECTORS
Statements” of this report for the details of exchange
rate risk of the Company during the reporting period.         During the reporting period, no director of the Company
                                                              entered into with the Company or its subsidiaries
MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS                                          any service contract which was not terminable by
                                                              the Company within one year without payment of
During the reporting period, the Company did not enter
                                                              compensation, other than statutory compensation.
into any management contract or administrative contract
in relation to its entire or primary businesses.
                                                              For details of remunerations of the directors, please
                                                              refer to Section 6 “Directors, Senior Management and
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION
OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF THE                               Employees” of this report.

COMPANY
                                                              INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS IN TRANSACTIONS,
During the reporting period, the Company and its
                                                              ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS OF
subsidiaries did not purchase, sell or redeem any listed      SIGNIFICANCE
securities of the Company (including sale of treasury
                                                              During the reporting period, directors had no material
shares). As of the end of the reporting period, neither the
                                                              interests in the contracts of significance entered into by
Company nor its subsidiaries has any treasury shares.
                                                              the Company and its subsidiaries with any third parties.




                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                125
Section 9




RIGHTS OF DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE                                    EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
SHARES
                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company
During the reporting period, the Company did not grant            had not entered into any equity-linked agreement.
its directors or their respective spouses or children aged
under 18 the right to subscribe for shares or bonds of            AUDIT   AND   RELATED   PARTY
the Company and its subsidiaries.                                 TRANSACTION CONTROL COMMITTEE
                                                                  The Audit and Related Party Transaction Control
STATEMENT OF THE BOARD ON                                         Committee of the Company has reviewed the audited
INTERNAL CONTROL RESPONSIBILITY
                                                                  financial statements for this year. Please refer to
According to the assessment of effectiveness of internal          Section 7 “Corporate Governance” of this report for the
control performed as of 31 December 2025 by the                   composition, role as well as the work summary of the
Board in compliance with the Basic Norms of Enterprise            Audit and Related Party Transaction Control Committee
Internal Control (Cai Kuai [2008] No. 7) and Circular on          for this year.
Printing and Distributing the Implementary Guidelines
for Enterprises Internal Control (Cai Kuai [2010] No.             FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL
11) and other internal control regulatory requirements,           INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
the Board was of the view that the construction and               The Company and its subsidiaries did not have any
operation of internal control system were effective as            other future plans for material investments or capital
a whole.                                                          assets as at 31 December 2025. However, the Company
                                                                  will closely follow industry opportunities to broaden
PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION FOR                                 its revenue base and profit potential and maximise
DIRECTORS
                                                                  shareholders’ value in the long term.
For the year ended 31 December 2025, there were no and
had been no permitted indemnity provision benefiting the          CONNECTED TRANSACTION
directors or the directors of the Company’s associated
                                                                  According to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the
companies. The Company has purchased proper liability
                                                                  transaction between the Company and the Company’s
insurance for directors during the year to indemnify the
                                                                  connected person (as defined in Hong Kong Listing
legal liability incurred by directors’ fulfilling their duties.
                                                                  Rules) constituted the connected transaction of the
The governing law of such policy is P.R.C. law.
                                                                  Company during the reporting period. The Company
                                                                  monitored and managed such transactions in strict
SUFFICIENT PUBLIC FLOAT
                                                                  accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and abided
According to the data obtained from public resources              by relevant rules and regulations of Hong Kong Listing
by the Company and according to the knowledge of                  Rules. Details of the related party transactions are set
the directors as of the latest practicable date before            out in Note 37 to “Consolidated Financial Statements”
the publication of this report, the Company has been in           of this report. Among which, certain transactions fell
compliance with the requirement of the public float in            under the definition of connected transactions in Chapter
accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules.                      14A of Hong Kong Listing Rules and such transactions
                                                                  were complied with relevant requirements of Hong Kong
                                                                  Listing Rules.

126 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                         About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                         China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




SIGNIFICANT CONTRACTS AND THEIR                              In 2025, the Company made expected credit-impaired
PERFORMANCE                                                  provisions for such entrusted assets and recognized
                                                             credit impairment losses of RMB3,473 million.
During the reporting period, there were no such events
as managing, contracting and leasing assets of other
                                                             Unless otherwise disclosed in this report, the Company
companies by the Company or managing, contracting
                                                             had no other material contract during the reporting
and leasing the Company’s assets by other companies
                                                             period.
that brought the Company more than 10% (inclusive)
of the Company’s total profit, nor were there loans or
                                                             CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
financial assistance to be disclosed.
                                                             So far as known to the Board, as at 31 December

During the reporting period, there was no external           2025, there had been no litigation, arbitration or claim

guarantee of the Company and its subsidiaries, and           of material importance in which the Company or its

the Company and its subsidiaries did not provide any         respective subsidiaries was engaged or pending or

guarantee for its subsidiaries.                              which threatened against the Company or its respective
                                                             subsidiaries.

The utilization of insurance funds of the Company is
carried out mainly through entrusted management. The         APPOINTMENT OF ACCOUNTING FIRMS
diversified entrusted investment management system,          The Annual General Meeting of 2024 of the Company
in which the entrusted internal investment managers are      held on 27 June 2025 considered and approved the
main players and single asset management plans are the       Proposal on the Re-appointment of Accounting Firms
supplemental, has taken shape. The internal investment       for the Year 2025, and resolved to re-appoint Deloitte
managers include New China Asset Management                  Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
Company and Asset Management Company (Hong                   as domestic auditor of the Company, and to re-
Kong) and single asset management plans comprise             appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as international
fund companies and other professional investment             auditor of the Company. For details, please refer
management institutions. The Company selects different       to    the     Overseas        Regulatory      Announcement              –
investment managers according to the requirements of         Announcement in relation to Proposed Re-appointment
asset allocation, risk-return characteristics of different   of Accounting Firms for the Year 2025 (《海外監管公
types of assets and the merits of each manager, so as        告－建議續聘2025年度會計師事務所的公告》) published
to build diversified investment portfolios and improve       on the website of the HKSE on 27 March 2025 and the
the efficiency of insurance fund utilization. The Company    Poll Results of the Annual General Meeting of 2024,
enters into the entrusted investment management              Appointment of Non-Executive Director and Distribution
agreement/asset management contracts with internal           of 2024 Final Dividend published on the website of the
investment managers, manages the investment through          HKSE on 27 June 2025 by the Company. The Audit
measures including investment guidance, asset custody,       and Related Party Transaction Control Committee of
dynamic tracking and communication, assessment and           the Company has no dissenting opinion regarding
evaluation, and takes targeted risk control measures         appointment of accounting firm during the reporting
according to the characteristics of different managers       period. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
and investment targets.                                      Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu have


                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 127
Section 9




been offering auditing services for annual financial       Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, has also
statements and internal control of the Company for         been offering auditing services for the Company since
four consecutive years.                                    2022. Ms. TONG Meiyin, the partner and certified public
                                                           accountant from Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, has been
Mr. MA Qianlu is the partner and certified public          offering auditing services for the Company since 2022.
accountant for the auditing project of the Company.
Mr. MA Qianlu, from Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified     The Company did not change its auditors mentioned
Public Accountants LLP, has been offering auditing         above in the previous three years.
services for the Company since 2022. Ms. YANG Li,
another certified public accountant from Deloitte Touche


During the reporting period, the expense paid to auditors by the Company was as follows:


                                                                                                Unit: RMB10,000

 Items                                                                                  2025               2024

 Auditing services for financial statements – auditing, reviewing and
   executing agreed-upon procedures                                                  1,851.0             1,993.5
 Internal control and auditing services                                                194.5               194.5
 Other attestation services                                                                 –                  –
 Total                                                                               2,045.5             2,188.0




128 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                   About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate   Financial
                                                                   China Life   Statement Performance Governance    Report




COMMITMENTS OF THE COMPANY OR                              SUSPECTED VIOLATIONS OF LAWS
SHAREHOLDERS WITH OVER 5% SHARES                           OR REGULATIONS AND PENALTY OF
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD OR                             THE COMPANY AND ITS DIRECTORS,
UNTIL THE REPORTING PERIOD                                 SENIOR MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING
                                                           SHAREHOLDER     AND    ACTUAL
For details of the commitment made by Huijin, the
                                                           CONTROLLER
controlling shareholder of the Company, to avoid
                                                           During the reporting period, the Company was not
horizontal competition, please refer to the Overseas
                                                           subject to any investigations for suspected crime. The
Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on the
                                                           Company’s controlling shareholder, actual controller,
Conditions of Unfulfilled Commitments of the Company’s
                                                           directors, or senior management were not subject to
Shareholders, Related Parties and the Company (《海
                                                           compulsory measures for suspected crimes. Neither the
外監管公告－關於公司股東、關聯方及公司未履行完畢承
                                                           Company nor its controlling shareholder, actual controller,
諾情況的公告》) published on 13 February 2014 by the
                                                           directors or senior management were subject to criminal
Company on the website of the HKSE.
                                                           penalties, or received investigations or administrative
                                                           penalties for suspected violations of laws or regulations
During the reporting period, the commitment relating
                                                           by the CSRC, or received major administrative penalty by
to avoidance of horizontal competition was still being
                                                           other authorities. The Company’s controlling shareholder,
fulfilled continuously and normally.
                                                           actual controller, directors, or senior management were
                                                           not subject to serious violations of discipline and law
NON-OPERATING USAGE OF FUNDS BY
                                                           or duty crimes which led to detention by discipline
THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND
                                                           inspection and supervision departments and affected
OTHER RELATED PARTIES
                                                           their performance of duties. The Company’s directors
There was no non-operating usage of funds by the           and senior management were not subject to compulsory
controlling shareholder and other related parties of the   measures that affect the performance of their duties for
Company.                                                   suspected violations of laws and regulations by other
                                                           competent authorities.
CREDIT OF THE COMPANY, ITS
CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND                                During the reporting period, neither the Company nor
ACTUAL CONTROLLED                                          its controlling shareholder, actual controller, directors or
                                                           members of senior management were subject to any
During the reporting period, neither the Company nor
                                                           administrative supervision by the CSRC and disciplinary
its controlling shareholder or actual controller had any
                                                           action by the stock exchange.
enforceable court judgments of significant amount or
outstanding due and payable debts.
                                                           SIGNIFICANT LITIGATION, ARBITRATION
                                                           EVENTS
                                                           During the reporting period, the Company had no
                                                           significant litigation or arbitration events.




                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                129
Section 9




CONTRIBUTION SCHEME
Employees of the Company participate in the workforce social-security system established and managed by
the government, including endowment insurance, medical insurance, housing provident fund and other social
security schemes. The Company contributes social insurance premiums and welfare for employees based on
a certain percentage of their salary and within the upper limit prescribed by the government and pays them to
the human resources and social security agency. Such expenditure is included in current costs or expenses. The
abovementioned social-security system is a defined contribution plan. Contributions to basic social endowment
insurance system cannot be forfeited for that all contributions are fully vested in employees at the time of payment.
In addition to the above basic social endowment insurance, the Company established enterprise annuity fund in
2014, and the enterprise annuity fund has been reported to the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security
for the record. The Company paid to the enterprise annuity fund according to the agreed payment base and
percentage on a monthly basis. During the accounting period when the employees participating in the enterprise
annuity plan provide services, the amount calculated and paid by the Company according to the enterprise annuity
plan is recognized as liabilities and included in income statement or related asset costs. The enterprise annuity
fund is a defined contribution scheme. Contribution not attributed to the resigned employee in the enterprise
annuity fund shall not offset the existing contribution, instead it will be transferred into a public account of the
enterprise annuity fund and distributed to other members of enterprise annuity fund after performing the stipulated
approval procedures.


                                                                                                   YANG Yucheng
                                                                                                           Chairman
                                                                                                     27 March 2026




130 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Section 10


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND
SHAREHOLDERS’ PROFILE

CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL
As of 31 December 2025, there was no change in the total number of shares and structure of share capital of
the Company.


                                                                                                                                                                         Unit: share

                                                   31 December 2025                  Increase or decrease during the reporting period (+, -)                   31 December 2024
                                                                            New shares                  Transfer from
                                                  Number       Percentage       issued Bonus shares            reserve          Others         Sub-total       Number       Percentage
 1. Shares with selling restrictions                   – (1)            –            –              –                –                –                –             –               –
 2. Shares without selling restrictions
     1. Ordinary shares denominated
         in RMB                              2,085,439,340        66.85%             –              –                –                –                – 2,085,439,340         66.85%
     2. Domestically listed foreign shares               –              –            –              –                –                –                –             –               –
     3. Overseas listed foreign shares
         (H Share)                           1,034,107,260        33.15%             –              –                –                –                – 1,034,107,260         33.15%
     4. Others                                           –              –            –              –                –                –                –             –               –
 Total                                       3,119,546,600       100.00%             –              –                –                –                – 3,119,546,600        100.00%
 3. Total number of shares                   3,119,546,600       100.00%             –              –                –                –                – 3,119,546,600        100.00%


Note:
                                                                                            REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION
1.         “-” represents “0”.                                                              OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
                                                                                            COMPANY
ISSUE AND LISTING OF SECURITIES                                                             During the reporting period, the Company and its
During the reporting period, the Company had no issue                                       subsidiaries did not repurchase, sell or redeem any listed
of listed securities.                                                                       securities of the Company (including sales of treasury
                                                                                            shares). As of the end of the reporting period, neither the
As of the end of the reporting period, there was no share                                   Company nor its subsidiaries held any treasury shares.
issued by the Company to its employees.




                                                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                                     131
Section 10




SHAREHOLDERS PROFILE
Number of shareholders                                          and        their
shareholdings
As of the end of the reporting period, there were 65,813                                   As of 28 February 2026, there were 69,313 shareholders
shareholders of the Company, including 65,550 A share                                      of the Company, including 69,051 A share shareholders
shareholders and 263 H share shareholders.                                                 and 262 H share shareholders.

As of the end of the reporting period, details of the shares held by top ten shareholders (excluding shares lent
through margin trading and securities lending) were set out below:


                                                                                                                                                                Unit: share
                                                                                  Increase or
                                                        Number of                decrease of
                                                       shares held Percentage shareholding Number of                Shares pledged or
                                                         at the end       of the during the shares held                  frozen
                                                       of reporting shareholding    reporting with selling                   Number         Character of the           Types of
 Name of the shareholders                                    period          (%) period (+, -) restrictions(1)       Status of shares       shareholders                 shares
 Central Huijin Investment Ltd.                        977,530,534         31.34          – (5)               –       –       –             State-owned                       A
 HKSCC Nominees Limited(2)                             972,933,411         31.19   +183,900                   – Unknown Unknown             Overseas legal person             H
 China Baowu Steel Group Corporation Limited           377,162,581         12.09            –                 –       –       –             State-owned legal person          A
 Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd.(3)                         60,503,300          1.94            –                 –       –       –             State-owned legal person          H
 Harvest Fund – Agricultural Bank of China –            51,023,902          1.64 +46,669,502                  –       –       –             Others                            A
   Harvest CSI Financial Asset Management Plan
 ICBC Credit Suisse Fund – Agricultural Bank of         51,023,901           1.64 +46,669,501                 –           –            –    Others                            A
   China – ICBC Credit Suisse CSI Financial Asset
   Management Plan
 Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company                  51,009,591           1.64    +7,399,908               –           –            –    Overseas legal person             A
   Limited(4)
 Central Huijin Asset Management Ltd.                   28,249,200           0.91             –               –           –            –    State-owned legal person          A
 National Social Security Fund 114 Combination          16,476,100           0.53    +8,247,206               –           –            –    Others                            A
 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited        13,827,650           0.44      -592,200               –           –            –    Others                            A
   – Huatai-PineBridge CSI 300 Exchange Traded
   Open-ended Index Securities Investment Fund
 Description of related-party relations or concertedCentral Huijin Asset Management Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Central Huijin Investment Ltd. and Hwabao Investment Co.,
  action among the aforesaid shareholders           Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Baowu Steel Group Corporation Limited. Save for the above, the Company is not aware
                                                    of any related-party relationship among the aforesaid shareholders or whether they are parties acting in concert.
 Description of margin trading and security lending None.
  by top 10 shareholders and top 10 shareholders
  without selling restrictions

Notes:

1.       As of the end of the reporting period, none of the Company’s A shares or H shares were subject to selling restrictions.

2.       HKSCC Nominees Limited is a company that holds shares on behalf of the clients of Hong Kong stock brokers and other participants of CCASS
         system. The relevant regulations of the HKSE do not require such persons to declare whether their shareholdings are pledged or frozen. Therefore,
         HKSCC Nominees Limited is unable to calculate or provide the number of shares pledged or frozen.

3.       As of 31 December 2025, Hwabao Investment, the wholly-owned subsidiary of China Baowu, held 60,503,300 H shares of the Company, which
         are registered under the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited. To avoid repeated calculation, the number of shares held by Hwabao Investment
         was subtracted from the number of shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited.

4.       Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited (HKSCC) is a nominal holder of shares in the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.

5.       “-” represents “0”.



132 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                                   About New    Chairman’s  Business   Corporate    Financial
                                                                                   China Life   Statement Performance Governance     Report




Controlling            shareholder              and       actual           with authorization by the State Council, makes equity
controller                                                                 investments in major state-owned financial enterprises,
The controlling shareholder and actual controller of the                   and shall to the extent of its capital contribution, exercise
Company is Huijin. There were no changes in Huijin’s                       the rights and perform the obligations as an investor on
shareholding in the Company during the reporting period.                   behalf of the State in accordance with applicable laws, to
Huijin is a wholly state-owned company established in                      achieve the goal of preserving and enhancing the value
Beijing on 16 December 2003. The registered capital of                     of state-owned financial assets. Huijin does not conduct
Huijin is RMB828,209 million. The legal representative                     any other business or commercial activity, nor does it
of Huijin is Mr. ZHANG Qingsong. Huijin, in accordance                     intervene in the daily operations of major state-owned
                                                                           financial enterprises which it controls.


As of the end of the reporting period, the information of the listed companies that Huijin controlled or participated
in equity investment was listed below:


                                                                                                                         Percentage of
                                                                                                                        Huijin’s equity
 No.            Name                                                                                                      participation

 1              Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited★✩                                                                  34.79%
 2              Agricultural Bank of China Limited★✩                                                                               40.14%
 3              Bank of China Limited★✩                                                                                            58.59%
 4              China Construction Bank Corporation★✩                                                                              54.61%
 5              Shenwan Hongyuan Group Co., Ltd.★✩                                                                                 20.05%
 6              China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation✩                                                                             71.56%
 7              New China Life Insurance Company Ltd.★✩                                                                            31.34%
 8              China International Capital Corporation Limited★✩                                                                  40.11%
 9              CSC Financial Co., Ltd.★✩                                                                                          30.76%

Note:   ★: a company listed on the SSE; ✩: a company listed on the HKSE.




                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 133
Section 10




Other corporate shareholders holding                       Licensed projects: retail of publications; wholesale of
10% or more of the shares in the Company                   publications.

China Baowu
                                                           General projects: engaging in investment activities
China Baowu was jointly reorganized by the former
                                                           with self-owned funds; investment management; asset
Baosteel Group Corporation and Wuhan Iron and Steel
                                                           management services with self-owned funds; enterprise
(Group) Corporation. China Baowu, established on 1
                                                           headquarters management; land use right leasing; non-
December 2016 in accordance with law, is a wholly state-
                                                           residential real estate leasing; human resources services
owned corporation for which the State-owned Assets
                                                           (excluding occupational intermediary activities and labor
Supervision and Administration Commission of the State
                                                           dispatch services); enterprise management consulting.
Council performs the duties of investor on behalf of the
State Council. The registered capital of China Baowu is
                                                           Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2025, there
RMB52,897 million. The legal representative of China
                                                           were no other corporate shareholders holding 10% or
Baowu is Mr. HU Wangming. The business scope of
                                                           more of the shares in the Company (excluding HKSCC
China Baowu is as follows:
                                                           Nominees Limited).

The following chart sets forth the connections between the Company and the ultimate controllers of the corporate
shareholders holding 10% or more of shares in the Company as of 31 December 2025:


                                                                     State-owned Assets
                                                                Supervision and Administration
                    China Investment Corporation
                                                                        Commission of
                                                                       the State Council




                                                                   China Baowu Steel Group
                    Central Huijin Investment Ltd.
                                                                      Corporation Limited



                         31.34%                                                  12.09%




                                             New China Life Insurance
                                                  Company Ltd.




134 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                                              About New      Chairman’s  Business   Corporate             Financial
                                                                                              China Life     Statement Performance Governance              Report




Interests and short positions of substantial                                        In addition to the above, to the best of the knowledge of
shareholders and other persons in the                                               the directors of the Company upon reasonable enquiry,
shares and underlying shares                                                        as of 31 December 2025, the following persons (other
To the best of the knowledge of the directors of the                                than directors or chief executive of the Company) had
Company upon reasonable enquiry, as of 31 December                                  interests or short positions in the shares or underlying
2025, China Baowu held 377,162,581 A shares of the                                  shares of the Company which shall be disclosed to the
Company, which accounted for 12.09% of the total                                    Company under the provisions of Division 2 and 3 of
issued shares of the Company, and 18.09% of the total                               Part XV of the SFO, and have been entered into the
issued A shares of the Company.                                                     register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section
                                                                                    336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                                                      Unit: share

                                                                                                                       Approximate Approximate
                                                                                                                        percentage     percentage
                                                                                                       Approximate      of the total   of the total
                                                                                                        percentage       number of     number of      Long Position/
                                                                                                       of the shares      A shares       H shares     Short Position/
                                                Type                                    Number of issued of the issued of the issued of the           Interest in a
 Name of substantial shareholders               of shares Capacity                     Shares held        Company        Company        Company       lending pool
                                                                                                                 (%)             (%)            (%)

 1   Central Huijin Investment Ltd.             A         Beneficial Owner             977,530,534            31.34           46.87              –    Long Position
                                                          Interests of Controlled       28,249,200             0.91            1.35              –    Long Position
                                                            Corporation
 2   China Baowu Steel Group Corporation Limited H        Interests of Controlled      60,503,300(3)           1.94               –           5.85    Long Position
                                                            Corporation
 3   Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd.                H         Beneficial Owner             60,503,300(3)           1.94               –           5.85    Long Position

Notes:

1.       Data disclosed in the table above are mainly based on the information provided on the website of the HKSE (www.hkexnews.hk).

2.       Pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, the shareholders of the Company are required to file a disclosure of interests form when certain criteria
         are fulfilled. When a shareholding in the Company changes, it is not necessary for the shareholder to notify the Company and the HKSE unless
         several criteria have been fulfilled. Therefore, a shareholder’s latest shareholding in the Company may be different from the shareholding filed
         with the HKSE.

3.       According to the above disclosure, as of 31 December 2025, China Baowu held 377,162,581 A shares of the Company and 60,503,300 H shares
         of the Company through Hwabao Investment, representing 18.09% of the total number of issued A shares and 5.85% of the total number of
         issued H shares of the Company respectively, accounting for 14.03% of the total number of issued shares of the Company.



Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Company was not aware of anyone (other than the directors
and chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of
the Company which have been entered into the register pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                               135
Section 10




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES UNDER
HONG KONG LAWS AND REGULATIONS


As of 31 December 2025, according to the information available to the Company and the information our directors
are aware of, there were no interests and short positions (including interests or short positions which they are
taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) held by our directors and chief executives in the
shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the SFO) which will be required to be entered into the register maintained by the Company pursuant
to Section 352 of the SFO or which shall be notified to the Company and the HKSE pursuant to the Model Code.




136 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




Section 11 Financial Report

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the Shareholders of New China Life Insurance Company Limited
(Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of New China Life Insurance Company Limited. (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 143 to 312, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement
of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting
policy information and other explanatory information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics
Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International
Independence Standards) (the “IESBA Code”), as applicable to audits of the financial statements of public interest
entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      137
Section 11




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
 Key audit matter                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Valuation of insurance contract liabilities

 As at 31 December 2025, the amount of insurance               We performed the following audit procedures:
 contract liabilities was RMB1,532,638 million and is of
 importance to the consolidated financial statements.          •     Obtained an understanding of the Group’s internal
                                                                     controls for determining insurance contract
 As disclosed in Note 3 Critical Accounting Judgements               liabilities, evaluated and tested the design and
 and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty, the Group                operating effectiveness of key internal controls
 groups insurance contracts for measuring purpose.                   (including the effectiveness of the related IT
 The Group uses appropriate measurement method and                   systems for the measurement and processing
 actuarial model to estimate insurance contract liabilities,         of insurance contract liabilities)
 which includes significant actuarial assumptions,
 such as discount rates, lapse rates, morbidity rates,         •     Tested completeness and accuracy of the
 mortality rates, acquisition and maintenance expense                underlying data used in the actuarial model.
 rates, policy dividend rates as well as risk adjustment
 for non-financial risk to account for the uncertainties       •     Assisted by our actuarial specialists to:
 of these assumptions. These methods, models and
 assumptions involve management’s use of significant                 ✓     Evaluate the appropriateness of the level
 accounting estimates and judgments, which could                           of aggregation and the measurement
 make a significant impact on the insurance contract                       methods adopted for each group of
 liabilities.                                                              contracts;

 Based on the analysis above, we have identified the                 ✓     Evaluate the appropriateness of the
 valuation of insurance contract liabilities as a key audit                determination of the coverage units;
 matter.
                                                                     ✓     Assess the appropriateness of the actuarial
 Refer to Note 3 Critical Accounting Judgements and                        model, methodology and key assumptions
 Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty, Note 4 (1)(c)                      used, including the discount rates, lapse
 and Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.                     rates, morbidity rates, mortality rates,
                                                                           acquisition and maintenance expense
                                                                           rates, policy dividend rates, etc.;

                                                                     ✓     Assess the reasonableness of key
                                                                           actuarial assumptions and judgments, by
                                                                           comparing them to historical experience
                                                                           and industry data;

                                                                     ✓     Assess the reasonableness of assumptions
                                                                           and model changes applied to the actuarial
                                                                           models;

                                                                     ✓     Review sensitivity analysis of the key
                                                                           assumptions to evaluate the impact on
                                                                           insurance contract liabilities from the
                                                                           assumptions changes individually or as a
                                                                           whole; and

                                                                     ✓     Perform independent actuarial modelling
                                                                           to verify the calculation accuracy of
                                                                           the actuarial model, the calculation
                                                                           of contractual service margin at initial
                                                                           recognition and the subsequent
                                                                           amortisation on a sample basis.




138 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
         About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Fair value of level 3 financial assets

As at 31 December 2025, the Group held financial           We performed the following audit procedures:
assets measured at fair value, with a carrying value of
RMB1,154,281 million, of which, RMB52,156 million          •     Obtained an understanding of the Group’s
was level 3 financial assets. The fair value of level            internal controls for the assessment of fair value
3 financial assets are measured based on significant             of level 3 financial assets, evaluated and tested
unobservable inputs.                                             the design and operating effectiveness of key
                                                                 internal controls.
As disclosed in Note 3 Key Sources of Estimation
Uncertainty (3), the Group evaluated the fair value        •     On a sample basis, performed the following
of financial assets with active market quotation and             procedures with the assistance of our internal
valuation techniques. Regarding the level 3 financial            valuation experts when necessary:
assets which primarily include trust plans, equity
investment plans, unlisted equity investments, etc.,             ✓      Reviewed       and      evaluated      the
the Group applies significant accounting judgment and                   reasonableness of the Group’s valuation
estimation to determine the valuation techniques and                    methodology;
significant unobservable inputs in assessing these level
3 financial assets.                                              ✓      Tested the accuracy of the underlying data
                                                                        for fair value measurement on a sample
We have identified the fair value of the Group’s level                  basis;
3 financial assets as a key audit matter due to the
significant uncertainty from the accounting judgment             ✓      Reviewed      the    appropriateness     of
and estimate.                                                           assumptions used to measure the fair
                                                                        value of financial assets;
Refer to Note 3 Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty
(3) and Note 4(4) to the consolidated financial                  ✓      Reviewed and evaluated the accuracy of
statements.                                                             valuation results of the financial assets
                                                                        provided by the Group.




                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     139
Section 11




OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED
WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




140 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance    Financial Report




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose.
We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
      due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
      material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
      collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
      are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
      of the Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
      on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
      may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
      material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
      in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
      conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However,
      future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      141
Section 11




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
       the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
       and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
       information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
       group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work
       performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats
or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were
of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore
the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Tong, Mei Yin.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
27 March 2026




142 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2025 (All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                 31 December          31 December
                                                                    Notes                 2025                 2024


 ASSETS
 Property, plant and equipment                                        6                 16,572               17,990
 Investment properties                                                7                 11,424                9,055
 Right-of-use assets                                                  8                    746                  847
 Intangible assets                                                    9                  3,128                4,054
 Investments in associates and joint ventures                         10                65,633               30,245
 Financial investments

   – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          11(1)              579,756             485,928
   – Debt investments at amortised cost                             11(2)              256,913             274,891
   – Debt investments at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                         11(3)              535,968             470,366
   – Equity investments designated at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                   11(4)               38,556               30,640

 Term deposits                                                        12               293,964             282,458
 Statutory deposits                                                   13                 1,770                1,807
 Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell                14                13,999                5,436
 Derivative financial instruments                                                            1                     –
 Reinsurance contract assets                                          15                11,065               10,812
 Deferred tax assets                                                  16                20,996               19,678
 Other assets                                                         17                 6,095                9,658
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                              42,898               38,432


 Total assets                                                                        1,899,484           1,692,297




                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      143
Section 11




                                                                             31 December        31 December
                                                                 Notes                  2025           2024


 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
 Liabilities
 Insurance contract liabilities                                    15            1,532,638        1,366,090
 Borrowings                                                        18                  20,173        30,384
 Lease liabilities                                                  8                    627            715
 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss        19                   9,860         8,549
 Financial assets sold under agreements to repurchase              20              193,518          171,588
 Derivative financial instruments                                                           –             4
 Other liabilities                                                 21                  30,337        18,473
 Current income tax liabilities                                                            6             25
 Deferred tax liabilities                                          16                    747            200


 Total liabilities                                                               1,787,906        1,596,028


 Shareholders’ equity
 Share capital                                                     22                   3,120         3,120
 Reserves                                                          23              (18,095)         (15,056)
 Retained earnings                                                 23              126,519          108,176


 Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                      111,544           96,240
 Non-controlling interests                                                                34             29


 Total equity                                                                      111,578           96,269


 Total liabilities and equity                                                    1,899,484        1,692,297



The notes attached form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 27
March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                      Mr. Yang Yucheng                                    Mr. Gong Xingfeng
                         CHAIRMAN                                        EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
                     EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                                       PRESIDENT



144 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


                                                                               For the year ended 31 December

                                                                    Notes                 2025                 2024


 REVENUES
 Insurance revenue                                                   24                 50,297               47,812
 Interest income                                                     25                 32,515               31,917
 Other investment income                                             26                 72,067               51,215
 Including: Gains arising from the derecognition of
   financial assets measured at amortised cost                       26                  2,376                2,890
 Other income                                                        27                    672                1,100


 Total revenues                                                                        155,551             132,044


 BENEFITS, CLAIMS AND EXPENSES
 Insurance service expenses                                          28                (31,748)             (31,575)
 Net expenses from reinsurance contracts held                                             (415)                (335)
 Finance expenses from insurance contracts issued                    29                (78,162)             (61,185)
 Less: Finance income from reinsurance contracts held                29                    324                  338
 Net impairment losses on financial assets                           30                 (3,479)              (3,415)
 Other expenses                                                      31                 (3,695)              (3,903)


 Total benefits, claims and expenses                                                  (117,175)            (100,075)


 Share of profits and losses of associates and joint ventures                            5,659                  528
 Net impairment losses on other assets                               32                      –               (1,190)
 Other finance costs                                                 33                 (3,510)              (3,166)


 Profit before income tax                                                               40,525               28,141
 Income tax expense                                                  16                 (4,236)              (1,908)


 Net profit for the year                                                                36,289               26,233


 Net profit for the year attributable to:
   – Owners of the Company                                           34                 36,284               26,229
   – Non-controlling interests                                                               5                     4




                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      145
Section 11




                                                                           For the year ended 31 December

                                                                 Notes                  2025         2024


 Net profit for the year                                                               36,289      26,233


 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to
   profit or loss:                                                                      3,994       3,240
 Changes in fair value on equity investments designated at
   fair value through other comprehensive income                                        3,251       2,600
 Share of other comprehensive income of associates and
   joint ventures under the equity method                                                909          900
 Insurance finance expenses from insurance contracts with
   direct participation features for which the Group holds the
   underlying items                                                                      (166)        (260)


 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
   profit or loss:                                                                 (16,586)        (33,950)
 Changes in fair value on debt investments at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                              (23,288)        23,150
 Impairment losses on debt investments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                           1,168         705
 Finance income/(expenses) from insurance contracts issued                              5,429      (58,266)
 Finance income from reinsurance contracts held                                          112          555
 Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint
   ventures under the equity method                                                         5          (94)
 Currency translation differences                                                         (12)           –


 Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                         (12,592)        (30,710)


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                               23,697       (4,477)


 Total comprehensive income for the year
 attributable to:
   – Owners of the Company                                                             23,692       (4,481)
   – Non-controlling interests                                                              5            4


 Earnings per share (RMB)
 Basic                                                             35                   11.63         8.41
 Diluted                                                           35                   11.63         8.41



The notes attached form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



146 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement    Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                        Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                  Non–
                                         Share                     Retained                  controlling       Total
                                        capital    Reserves        earnings         Total      Interests      equity


 As at 1 January 2025                     3,120         (15,056)    108,176       96,240             29       96,269


 Net profit for the year                      –               –      36,284       36,284               5      36,289
 Other comprehensive income                   –         (12,592)          –       (12,592)             –     (12,592)


 Total comprehensive income                   –         (12,592)     36,284       23,692               5      23,697


 Dividends paid                               –               –      (8,298)       (8,298)             –      (8,298)
 Appropriation to reserves                    –          9,508       (9,508)            –              –            –


 Total transactions with owners               –          9,508      (17,806)       (8,298)             –      (8,298)


 Reserves to retained earnings                –            135         (135)            –              –            –
 Others                                       –             (90)          –           (90)             –          (90)


 As at 31 December 2025                   3,120         (18,095)    126,519      111,544             34     111,578




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      147
Section 11




                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                              Non–
                                         Share                 Retained                  controlling     Total
                                        capital   Reserves     earnings         Total     Interests     equity


 As at 1 January 2024                    3,120       9,823       92,124      105,067             25    105,092


 Net profit for the year                     –            –      26,229       26,229              4     26,233
 Other comprehensive income                  –      (30,710)           –     (30,710)             –    (30,710)


 Total comprehensive income                  –      (30,710)     26,229       (4,481)             4     (4,477)


 Dividends paid                              –            –       (4,337)     (4,337)             –     (4,337)
 Appropriation to reserves                   –       5,840        (5,840)          –              –          –


 Total transactions with owners              –       5,840      (10,177)      (4,337)             –     (4,337)


 Others                                      –           (9)           –           (9)            –         (9)


 As at 31 December 2024                  3,120      (15,056)    108,176       96,240             29     96,269




The notes attached form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


148 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


                                                                               For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                          2025                 2024


 Operating activities
   Profit before income tax                                                             40,525               28,141
   Adjustments for:
     Investment income                                                                (104,582)             (83,132)
    Share of profits and losses of associates and joint ventures                        (5,659)                (528)
    Other finance costs                                                                  3,510                3,166
    Changes in insurance contract liabilities                                          173,494             141,630
     Changes in reinsurance contract assets                                               (103)                (270)
     Depreciation and amortisation                                                       1,802                1,848
     Net impairment losses on financial assets                                           3,479                3,415
     Net impairment losses on other assets                                                   –                1,190
     Losses of disposal of property, plant and equipment,
       intangible assets and other assets                                                    4                     3
   Changes in operational assets and liabilities:
     Receivables and payables                                                           (1,018)               1,093
     Investment contracts                                                                 (231)                   (7)
     Income tax paid                                                                      (305)                (259)


 Net cash flows from operating activities                                              110,916               96,290


 Investing activities
   Proceeds from sales and maturities of financial investments                         693,414             572,273
   Purchases of financial investments                                                 (836,707)            (732,422)
   Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment,
     intangible assets and other assets                                                      9                   11
   Purchases of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets
     and other assets                                                                   (1,482)              (1,100)
   Interests received                                                                   38,078               34,036
   Dividends received                                                                    9,185                8,857
   Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell, net                           (5,219)              (2,847)
   Changes from structured entities                                                      5,411                1,046
   Term deposits, net and others                                                       (12,805)             (21,625)


 Net cash flows used in investing activities                                          (110,116)            (141,771)




                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      149
Section 11




                                                                            For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                        2025          2024


 Financing activities
   Capital injected into structured entities by non-controlling interests              18,472        7,834
   Payment of redemption for structured entities to
     non-controlling interests                                                     (25,580)         (10,817)
   Proceeds from issuance of asset funding plans                                       14,320             –
   Payment of redemption for asset funding plans                                            –        (6,440)
   Interests and dividends paid                                                    (12,079)          (5,129)
   Cash received from the issuance of capital supplementary bonds                           –       10,000
   Payment of redemption for capital supplementary bonds                           (10,000)               –
   Financial assets sold under agreements to repurchase, net                           18,968       67,011
   Payment of lease liabilities                                                          (362)         (430)


   Net cash flows from financing activities                                             3,739       62,029


   Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                          (73)          96


   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            4,466       16,644
   Cash and cash equivalents
     Beginning of the year                                                             38,432       21,788


     End of the year                                                                   42,898       38,432


   Analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents
     Cash at banks and in hand                                                         42,898       38,432


   Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                        42,898       38,432




The notes attached form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


150 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


1.    BACKGROUND AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
New China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (the “Company”) was established as a joint stock limited company in
September 1996 in Beijing, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) with the authorisation of the State Council
of the PRC and the approval by the People’s Bank of China. The Company’s initial registered capital on the date
of incorporation was Renminbi (“RMB”) 500 million. The registered capital was increased to RMB1,200 million in
December 2000 and further increased to RMB2,600 million in March 2011, with the approval of the former China
Insurance Regulatory Commission (the “former CIRC”). In December 2011, the Company completed its initial
public offering of 158,540,000 A shares on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and issued 358,420,000 H shares on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In January 2012, the Company exercised the right of H share overallotment in
overseas markets and issued 2,586,600 H shares of the overallotment shares. Upon the approval of the former
CIRC, the Company’s registered capital was increased to RMB3,120 million. The address of the Company’s
registered office is No.16 East Hunan Road (Zhongguancun Yanqing Park), Yanqing District, Beijing, the PRC. The
Company is headquartered in Beijing.


The business scope of the Company is: life insurance in RMB and foreign currencies (including various life
insurance, health insurance, and accident and casualty insurance); acting as an agent for domestic and foreign
insurance institutions for insurance, verification and claim settlement; insurance consulting; and engaging in capital
operations in accordance with relevant regulations. There has not been any major change of business scope of
the Company during the reporting period.


As at 31 December 2025, the Company has equity interests in subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities
as set out in Note 42. The Company, its subsidiaries and its consolidated structured entities are hereinafter
collectively referred to as the “Group”.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      151
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out
below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented.


(1)    Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include
applicable disclosure required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a reasonable
expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable
future. Thus, they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial
statements.


The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for financial
instruments measured at fair value and insurance contract liabilities measured based on actuarial methods.


The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with the IFRS Accounting Standards requires
the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise professional judgment
in the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment
or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements
are disclosed in Note 3.




152 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
              About New China Life        Chairman’s Statement          Business Performance     Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(1)     Basis of preparation (continued)
(a)     Amendments adopted by the Group for the first time for the financial year
        beginning on 1 January 2025
    Standards/Amendments                                                              Content


    Amendments to IAS 21                                                              Lack of Exchangeability



The application of the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had no material impact
on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set
out in these consolidated financial statements.


(b)     New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet
        effective
    Standards/Amendments                                                    Content


    Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                                         Sale or Contribution of Assets between
                                                                              an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture1
    Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                                          Amendments to the Classification and
                                                                              Measurement of Financial Instruments2
    Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                                          Contracts Referencing Nature–
                                                                              dependent Electricity2
    Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards                                  Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting
                                                                              Standards – Volume 112
    IFRS 18                                                                  Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
    Amendments to IAS 21                                                     Translation to a Hyperinflationary
                                                                              Presentation Currency3


1
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
2
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
3
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027




                                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     153
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(1)    Basis of preparation (continued)
(b)    New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet
       effective (continued)
Except for IFRS 18 explained below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all the
amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will have no material impact on consolidated financial statements in
the foreseeable future.


IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation
and disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. This new IFRS
Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements
to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on
management-defined performance measures in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and
disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. Minor amendments to IAS 7 Statement
of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.


IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
2027, with early application permitted. IFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific transition provisions.
The application of the new standard is not expected to have significant impact on the financial performance and
positions of the Group in terms of recognition and measurement. However, it is expected to affect the structure
and presentation of the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




154 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(2)   Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the
year ended 31 December 2025. The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting
period as the Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the
date on which the Group contains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.


Control is achieved when the Company:


•     has power over the investee;


•     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and


•     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the
Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:


•     The contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee


•     Rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


•     The Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company of
the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
changes to one or more of the three elements of control above. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary,
without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      155
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(2)    Basis of consolidation (continued)
If the Group loses control over subsidiaries, it derecognizes (i) the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of
subsidiaries, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation differences
recorded in equity; and recognizes (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment
retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously
recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained earnings, as appropriate, on
the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.


(a)    Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities (including structured entities), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company.


The Group uses the acquisition method of accounting, other than business combination under common control,
to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the sum
of the fair value of the assets transferred, the liabilities assumed and the equity interests issued by the Group
in return for the subsidiary. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting
from a contingent consideration arrangement. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially
at their fair values at the acquisition date. On an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the Group recognizes any non-
controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of
the acquiree’s net assets.


The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the
acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net
assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If this is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired
in the case of a bargain purchase, the difference is recognised directly in the statement of comprehensive income.


Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains or losses on transactions between group companies
are eliminated on consolidation. Unrealised losses are also eliminated on consolidation unless they indicate
impairment of the asset transferred.


The investments in subsidiaries are accounted for only in the Company’s statement of financial position at cost less
impairment. Cost is adjusted to reflect changes in consideration arising from contingent consideration amendments.
Cost also includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the
Company on the basis of dividends received and receivable.




156 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(2)   Basis of consolidation (continued)
(b)   Transactions with non-controlling shareholders
The Group treats transactions with non-controlling shareholders as transactions with shareholders of the Group.
For purchases from non-controlling shareholders, the difference between the consideration paid and the carrying
value of share of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired is recorded in shareholders’ equity. Gains or losses on
disposal to non-controlling shareholders are also recorded in shareholders’ equity.


When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interests in the entity is re-measured at its fair value, with
the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the
purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In
addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted
for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously
recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.


(c)   Associates and joint ventures
Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint control, generally
accompanying a long-term interest between 20% and 50% of the equity voting rights. Significant influence is the
power of participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee.


Joint ventures are the type of joint arrangements whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of
an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of
the parties sharing control.


Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method of accounting and are
initially recognised at cost adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the acquisition-date fair values of the
investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any) in both the Group’s consolidated financial
statements and the Company’s separate financial statements. The Group’s investments in associates and joint
ventures include goodwill identified on acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment loss.


If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate
share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss where
appropriate.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      157
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(2)    Basis of consolidation (continued)
(c)    Associates and joint ventures (continued)
The Group’s share of its associates and joint ventures’ post-acquisition profits or losses is recognised in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, and its share of post-acquisition movements in other
comprehensive income is recognised in other comprehensive income. The cumulative post-acquisition movements
are adjusted against the carrying amount of the investment. When the Group’s share of losses in an associate or
joint venture equals or exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, including any other unsecured
receivables, the Group does not recognize further losses unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on
behalf of the associate or joint venture. Investments in associates and joint ventures are assessed for impairment.


Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the
extent of the Group’s interests in the associates or joint ventures. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless
the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associates and
joint ventures have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


Dilution gains and losses arising from investments in associates and joint ventures are recognised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income.


(d)    Structured entities
A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor
in deciding who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only, and the
relevant activities are directed by means of contractual arrangements. A structured entity often has some or all
of the following features or attributes: (a) restricted activities; (b) a narrow and well-defined objective, such as
to provide investment opportunities for investors by passing on risks and rewards associated with the assets of
the structured entity to investors; (c) insufficient equity to permit the structured entity to finance its activities
without subordinated financial support; and (d) financing in the form of multiple contractually linked instruments
to investors that create concentrations of credit or other risks.


It depends on management judgment whether the Group, as the asset manager, is an agent or a principal for
a structured entity. As an agent, the Group mainly protects the interests of stakeholders and does not control
the structural entity; on the contrary, as a principal, the Group mainly protects its own interests and controls the
structured entity.




158 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(2)   Basis of consolidation (continued)
(d)   Structured entities (continued)
The Group has determined that all of its trust plans, debt investment plans, equity investment plans, asset
management plans, asset funding plans, funds and private equity, except for those that are controlled, are
investments in unconsolidated structured entities. Trust plans, equity investment plans, asset management plans
and asset funding plans are managed by trust companies or asset managers who invest the funds in loans or
equities in other companies. Debt investment plans are managed by asset managers and their major investment
objectives are infrastructure and real estate funding projects. The major investment objective of funds is stocks
and bonds, etc., whereas the major investment objective of private equity is unlisted equities in other companies.
Trust plans, debt investment plans, equity investment plans, asset management plans and asset funding plans
finance their operations by issuing beneficiary certificates which entitle the holder to a proportional stake in income
of the respective investment products. Funds and private equity are managed by fund managers. The Group holds
beneficiary certificates for the above types of investments.


(3)   Segment reporting
The Group’s segments information is presented in a manner consistent with the internal operating segments, the
Group decides operating segments according to internal organisation structure, management requirements, and
internal management reporting policy.


Operating segment refers to the segment within the Group that satisfies the following conditions: i) the segment
generates income and incurs costs from daily operating activities; ii) management evaluates the operating results
of the segment to make resource allocation decisions and to evaluate the business performance; iii) the Group
can obtain relevant financial information of the segment, including financial condition, operation results, cash flows
and other financial performance indicators. If more than two segments possess similar economic characters and
meet certain conditions, they are combined into one segment for disclosure.


(4)   Foreign currency translation
Both the functional currency and the presentation currency of the Company are RMB. Transactions in foreign
currency are translated using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets
and liabilities denominated in foreign currency are translated using the spot exchange rate at the end of the
reporting period. Gains or losses resulted from changes in exchange rates are recognised in profit or loss in the
current period. Non-monetary assets or liabilities denominated in foreign currency measured at historical cost are
translated using the spot exchange rate at the date of the transaction. The effect of exchange rate changes on
cash is presented separately in the consolidated statement of cash flows.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      159
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(4)    Foreign currency translation (continued)
In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the derecognition
of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date of initial transaction
is the date on which the Group initially recognizes the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from
the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the
transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.


For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group using exchange rates prevailing at the end
of each reporting period. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period,
unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of
transaction are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and
accumulated in equity.


On disposal of a foreign operation, all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation
attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.


(5)    Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical costs less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated
impairment losses.


The historical costs of property, plant and equipment comprise its purchase price, and any directly attributable costs
of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use. The cost of a major renovation is
included in the carrying amount of the asset when it is probable that future economic benefits in excess of the
originally assessed standard of performance of the existing asset will be received by the Group.


Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis to write down the cost of each asset to its residual value over its
estimated useful life. For impaired property, plant and equipment, the related depreciation expense is prospectively
determined based upon the adjusted carrying amounts over its remaining useful lives.




160 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
             About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(5)   Property, plant and equipment (continued)
The estimated useful lives and the estimated residual values are as follows:


                                                                  Estimated            Estimated               Annual
                                                                 useful lives      residual value depreciation rate


 Buildings                                                        15-45 years                 5%         2.11%-6.33%
 Office equipment                                                   5-8 years                 5%     11.88%-19.00%
 Motor vehicles                                                     5-8 years                 5%     11.88%-19.00%



The assets’ estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed by the Group at the end
of each year and adjusted if appropriate. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the carrying
amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount.


Property, plant and equipment are derecognised when they are disposed of or put out of operation permanently,
or no future economic benefits can be expected from operation or disposal. The gain or loss on sale, transfer,
disposal or damage of property, plant and equipment is the proceeds less the carrying amount, adjusted for related
taxes and expenses, and is included in profit or loss.


Construction in progress represents buildings and fixtures under construction and is recorded at cost. No provision
for depreciation is made on construction in progress until such time as the relevant assets are completed and ready
for use. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds its recoverable
amount.


(6)   Investment properties
Investment properties are properties that are held for rental income, capital appreciation, or both. Investment
properties comprise buildings that are leased out. Investment properties are initially measured at cost. Cost of
subsequent expenditures is included in the cost of investment properties if future economic benefits associated
with such expenditures will probably flow to the Group and the relevant cost can be reliably measured. Other
expenditures are expensed as incurred.




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      161
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(6)    Investment properties (continued)
The Group’s investment properties are subsequently measured using the cost method. Depreciation on investment
properties is computed on a straight-line basis to write down the cost of the assets to their residual values
over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives and the estimated residual values expressed as a
percentage of cost are as follows:


                                                                                                        Annual
                                                                  Estimated        Estimated      depreciation
                                                                 useful lives   residual value             rate


 Buildings                                                       15-45 years              5%     2.11%-6.33%
 Land use rights                                                 15-40 years              0%     2.50%-6.67%



When the purpose of investment properties changes to self-use, they are transferred to property, plant and
equipment or intangible assets on the date of the change. When the purpose of self-use properties changes to
rental income or capital appreciation, they are transferred to investment properties on the date of the change.
The carrying value before transfer is the carrying value after transfer.


The Group reviews the estimated useful life, the estimated residual value, and the depreciation method at the end
of every year, and makes appropriate adjustments if necessary. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount
by which the investment property’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.


Investment properties are de-recognised if they are disposed of or are put out of operation permanently, and no
future economic benefits can be expected from disposal. The gain or loss on sale, transfer, disposal, or damage
of investment properties is the proceeds less the carrying amount of the investment properties, adjusted for
related taxes and expenses, and is included in profit or loss.




162 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(7)   Leases
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a
lease, if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange
for consideration.


Group as a lessee
The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases
and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use
assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.


At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component and non-lease component(s),
the Group adopts the practical expedient not to separate non-lease component(s) and to account for the lease
component and the associated non-lease component(s) (e.g., property management services for leases of properties)
as a single lease component.


(a)   Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying
asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any
impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes
the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the
commencement date less any lease incentives received. The cost of a right-of-use asset also includes an estimate
of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it
is located. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the
estimated useful lives of the assets.


If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the
exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.




                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      163
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(7)    Leases (continued)
Group as a lessee (continued)
(b)    Lease liabilities
Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments to
be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments)
less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts
expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a
purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination of
the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease
payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event
or condition that triggers the payment occurs.


In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”) at the
lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the
commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for
the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification,
a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments resulting
from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.


(c)    Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have
a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also
applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of assets that are considered to be low
value (i.e., original value of the asset is less than or equal to RMB40,000). Lease payments on short-term leases
and leases of low value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.




164 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(7)   Leases (continued)
Group as a lessor
When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of
its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.


Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an
asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group
allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental
income arising is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the
statement of comprehensive income due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and
arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease
term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which
they are earned.


Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying assets to the
lessee, are accounted for as finance leases.


When the Group is an intermediate lessor, a sublease is classified as a finance lease or operating lease with
reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease is a short-term lease to which the
Group applies the on-balance sheet recognition exemption, the Group classifies the sublease as an operating lease.


(8)   Intangible assets
Intangible assets are purchased computer software and land use rights, and are initially measured at actual costs.
Land use rights are prepayments for land under PRC law for fixed periods, and are initially stated at cost and
subsequently amortised on the straight-line basis over the lease terms. All lands related to the Group’s land use
right are located in Chinese Mainland. Computer software is amortised over their estimated useful lives using the
straight-line method. The estimated lease terms or useful life, and amortization method are reviewed annually and
adjusted as necessary. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the intangible asset’s carrying
amount exceeds its recoverable amount.


Useful lives of intangible assets are listed below:


                                                                                                        Useful lives


 Land use rights                                                                                        15-40 years
 Computer software and others                                                                             3-10 years




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      165
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(9)    Impairment of investments in subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and non-
       financial assets
Assets that have an indefinite useful life – for example goodwill, are not subject to amortization and are tested
annually for impairment. Assets other than financial assets that are subject to amortization are reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable
amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the
purpose of assessing impairment, assets are reviewed individually. When review of individual asset is impractical,
assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating
units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the
impairment at each reporting date.


The Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is any objective evidence that its investments
in associates and joint ventures are impaired. Such objective evidence includes whether there have been any
significant adverse changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment in which the associates
and joint ventures operate or whether there has been a significant or prolonged decline in value below their cost.
If there is an indication that an interest in an associate or a joint venture is impaired, the Group assesses whether
the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised
in profit or loss for the amount by which the carrying amount is higher than the higher of the investment’s fair
value less costs to sell or value in use. Any reversal of such impairment loss in subsequent periods is reversed
through profit or loss.


(10) Financial Instruments
(a)    Classification and measurement of financial assets
All recognised financial assets that are within the scope of IFRS 9 are subsequently measured at amortised cost
or fair value, including unquoted equity investments measured at cost less impairment under IAS 39.


Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:


•      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to
       collect contractual cash flows; and


•      the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
       of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (“SPPI”).




166 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life    Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(10) Financial Instruments (continued)
(a)    Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):


•      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
       cash flows and selling the financial assets; and


•      the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
       of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), except that
at the date of initial application/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income (“OCI”), if that equity
investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business
combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.


A financial asset is held for trading if:


•      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or


•      on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
       together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or


•      it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective
       hedging instrument.


In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a debt investment that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI
criteria as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.




                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      167
Section 11




2.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(10) Financial Instruments (continued)
(a)     Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
(i)     Debt investments at amortised cost
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are subsequently measured with the effective interest method,
and the gains or losses arising from amortisation or impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Interest income
is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for
financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently
become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost
of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument
improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting
period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.


(ii)    Debt investments classified as at FVTOCI
Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt investments classified as at FVTOCI as a result of interest
income calculated using the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit
or loss. All other changes in the carrying amount of these debt investments are recognised in OCI and accumulated
under the heading of reserves. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding adjustment
to OCI without reducing the carrying amounts of these debt investments. The amounts that are recognised in
profit or loss are the same as the amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if debt investments
had been measured at amortised cost. When these debt investments are derecognised, the cumulative gains or
losses previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.


(iii)   Equity investments designated at FVTOCI
At the date of initial application/initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an instrument-
by-instrument basis) to designate equity investments which are not held for trading as at FVTOCI.


Equity investments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently, they are
measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated
in the reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified
to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to retained earnings.


Dividends on these equity investments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive the
dividends is established in accordance with IFRS 9, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of
the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “Other investment income” line item in profit or loss.




168 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life    Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(10) Financial Instruments (continued)
(a)    Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
(iv)   Financial assets at FVTPL
Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as
FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.


Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains
or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any
dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “Other investment income” line item.


(b)    Impairment under ECL model
The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on financial assets which are subject to impairment under IFRS
9, including financial assets at amortised cost and debt investments at FVTOCI. The amount of ECL is updated
at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.


The Group assesses the ECL of financial assets with forward-looking information. 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12
months after the reporting date. In contrast, lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default
events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. Assessment is done based on the Group’s historical
credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an
assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.


The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for lease receivables and receivables that result from transactions
within the scope of “IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers” without significant financing component.
The ECL on these assets are assessed collectively using a provision matrix with appropriate groupings.


For all other financial assets, which are subjected to impairment under IFRS 9, the Group measures the loss
allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on
significant increases in credit risk since initial recognition.


(i)    Significant increase in credit risk
In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the
risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring
on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers
both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience
and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.


                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      169
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(10) Financial Instruments (continued)
(b)    Impairment under ECL model (continued)
(i)    Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
significantly:


•      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external or internal credit rating;


•      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
       cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


•      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


•      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment
       of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


•      a significant change in the debtor’s expected performance and repayment behavior;


•      whether principal or interest on the financial instrument is past due.


Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased
significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group
has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


Despite the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased significantly
since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A debt
instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong
capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and
business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil
its contractual cash flow obligations.




170 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
            About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement    Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(10) Financial Instruments (continued)
(b)     Impairment under ECL model (continued)
(ii)    Definition of default
For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed
internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the
Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90
days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging
default criterion is more appropriate.


(iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes
observable data about the following events:


(a)     significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


(b)     a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


(c)     the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
        difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;


(d)     it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;


(e)     the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties; or


(f)     the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit losses.




                                                                          FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025    171
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(10) Financial Instruments (continued)
(b)    Impairment under ECL model (continued)
(iv)   Measurement and recognition of ECL
ECL is measured based on the probability of default, loss given default (“LGD”) and the exposure at default.


Generally, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective
interest rate determined at initial recognition.


Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset
is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.


For investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is recognised in OCI and
accumulated in the reserve without reducing the carrying amounts of these financial assets. The loss allowance
for other financial assets which are subject to impairment under IFRS 9 is recognised in profit or loss through a
loss allowance account.


(c)    Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
(i)    Financial liabilities at FVTPL
For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the financial liability
that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in OCI, unless the recognition of the
effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in OCI would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or
loss. The remaining amount of change in the fair value of liability is recognised in profit or loss. Changes in fair
value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in OCI are not subsequently reclassified
to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to retained earnings upon derecognition of the financial liability.


(ii)   Financial liabilities at amortised cost
Financial liabilities including borrowings, lease liabilities, financial assets sold under agreements to repurchase,
and other liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.




172 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(11) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash comprises cash on hand and demand deposits held in banks. Cash equivalents are short-term and highly
liquid investments with original maturity of 90 days (90 days included) or less that are readily convertible to known
amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts
(a)   Definitions and classifications
Products sold by the Group are classified as insurance contracts when the Group accepts significant insurance
risk from a policyholder by agreeing to compensate the policyholder if a specified uncertain future event adversely
affects the policyholder.


This assessment is made on a contract-by-contract basis at the contract issue date. In making this assessment,
the Group considers all its substantive rights and obligations, whether they arise from contract, law or regulation.


The Group determines whether a contract contains significant insurance risk by assessing if an insured event
could cause the Group to pay to the policyholder additional amounts that are significant in any single scenario
with commercial substance even if the insured event is extremely unlikely or the expected present value of the
contingent cash flows is a small proportion of the expected present value of the remaining cash flows from the
insurance contract.


The Group issues certain insurance contracts that allow policyholders to participate in investment returns with
the Group, in addition to compensation for losses from insured risk. Participating contracts meet the definition of
insurance contracts with direct participation features if the following three criteria are met:


•     The contractual terms specify that the policyholder participates in a share of a clearly identified pool of
      underlying items;


•     The Group expects to pay to the policyholder an amount equal to a substantial share of the fair value returns
      from the underlying items;


•     A substantial proportion of the cash flows that the Group expects to pay to the policyholder is expected to
      vary with the change in the fair value of the underlying items.


The Group assesses whether the above conditions and criteria are met using its expectations at the issue date
of the contracts.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      173
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(a)    Definitions and classifications (continued)
The Group also issues investment contracts with discretionary participation features. Investment contracts with
discretionary participation features provide the investor with the right to receive additional discretionary amounts
contractually based on specified underlying items which are expected to be a significant portion of the total
contractual benefits. These contracts are linked to the same pool of assets as insurance contracts and have
economic characteristics similar to those of insurance contracts. The Group accounts for these contracts applying
IFRS 17 with the variable fee approach (the “VFA”) or general model.


(b)    Key types of insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held
The Group issues the following types of contracts that are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 17 Insurance
Contracts.


(i)    Participating Insurance
Participating insurance represents the issued insurance contracts for which the Group is obligated to pay a certain
proportion of surplus generated from the operating results of the Group to policyholders.


The majority of participating insurance contracts issued by the Group meet the definition of insurance contracts
with direct participation features. The Group also issues certain participating insurance contracts classified as
investment contracts with discretionary participation features.


The Group accounts for these insurance contracts by applying the VFA.


(ii)   Traditional Insurance
Traditional insurance represents life insurance contracts issued by the Group for which insurance premiums and
policy benefits are determined at inception. Traditional insurance contracts do not have participation features.


The Group accounts for these insurance contracts by applying the general model except for some insurance
contracts where the permitted premium allocation approach (the “PAA”) simplification is applied.




174     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
            About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(b)     Key types of insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held (continued)
(iii)   Universal Insurance
Universal insurance represents insurance contracts with individual policy account and guaranteed minimum return,
in addition to providing insurance coverage.


The majority of universal insurance contracts the Group issued are insurance contracts with indirect participation
features. The Group also issues certain universal insurance contracts classified as investment contracts with
discretionary participation features.


The Group accounts for these insurance contracts by applying the general model.


(iv)    Unit-linked Insurance
Unit-linked insurance represents insurance contracts with both asset value in at least one investment account
and insurance coverage.


The majority of unit-linked insurance contracts the Group issued are insurance contracts with direct participation
features.


The Group accounts for these insurance contracts by applying the VFA.


(v)     Reinsurance contracts held
The Group also holds reinsurance contracts to mitigate risk exposure arising from insurance contracts issued by
the Group.


The Group accounts for these reinsurance contracts by applying the general model except for certain reinsurance
contracts where the permitted PAA simplification is applied.




                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      175
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(c)    Combining a set or series of contracts
Sometimes, the Group enters into two or more contracts at the same time with the same or related counterparties
to achieve an overall commercial effect. The Group accounts for such a set of contracts as a single insurance
contract when this reflects the substance of the contracts. When making this assessment, the Group considers
whether:


•      The rights and obligations are different when looked at together compared to when looked at individually;


•      The Group is unable to measure one contract without considering the other.


(d)    Separating components from insurance and reinsurance contracts
In addition to the provision of the insurance coverage service, some insurance contracts issued by the Group have
other components such as an investment component.


The Group assesses its products to determine whether some of these components are distinct and need to be
separated and accounted for applying other IFRS Accounting Standards. When these non-insurance components
are non-distinct, they are accounted for together with the insurance component applying IFRS 17.


The Group issues certain life insurance policies which include an investment component under which the Group
is required to repay to a policyholder in all circumstances, regardless of an insured event occurring.


In assessing whether an investment component is distinct and therefore required to be accounted for separately
applying IFRS 9, the Group considers if the investment and insurance components are highly interrelated or not.
In determining whether investment and insurance components are highly interrelated the Group assesses whether
the Group is unable to measure one component without considering the other and whether the policyholder
is unable to benefit from one component unless the other component is present, i.e., whether cancelling one
component also terminates the other.


The Group applies IFRS 17 to account for non-distinct investment components as part of its insurance contracts.




176 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
             About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(e)    Level of aggregation
Insurance contracts are aggregated into groups for measurement purposes. Groups of contracts are determined
by identifying portfolios of insurance contracts, each comprising contracts subject to similar risks and managed
together, and dividing each portfolio into annual cohorts and each annual cohort into three groups based on the
profitability of contracts:


•      any contracts that are onerous on initial recognition;


•      any contracts that, on initial recognition, have no significant possibility of becoming onerous subsequently;
       and


•      any remaining contracts in the portfolio.


The Group divide portfolios of reinsurance contracts held applying the same principles above, except that the
references to onerous contracts shall be replaced with a reference to contracts on which there is a net gain on
initial recognition.


When the contract is recognised, it is added to an existing group of contracts or, if the contract does not qualify
for inclusion in an existing group, it forms a new group to which future contracts are added. Groups of contracts
are established on initial recognition and their composition is not revised once all contracts have been added to
the group.


(f)    Recognition
The Group recognises groups of insurance contracts issued from the earliest of the following dates:


•      The beginning of the coverage period of the group of contracts;


•      The date when the first payment from a policyholder in the group becomes due (in the absence of a
       contractual due date, this is deemed to be when the first payment is received);


•      The date when a group of contracts becomes onerous.




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      177
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(f)    Recognition (continued)
A group of reinsurance contracts held is recognised on the following dates:


•      Reinsurance contracts held that provide proportionate coverage: Generally later of the beginning of the
       coverage period of the group of reinsurance contracts held, or the date on which any underlying insurance
       contract is initially recognised;


•      Other reinsurance contracts held: The beginning of the coverage period of the group of reinsurance contracts
       held.


However, if the Group recognises an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts on an earlier date and the
related reinsurance contract held was entered into on or before that earlier date, then the group of reinsurance
contracts held is recognised on that earlier date.


(g)    Contract boundaries
The measurement of a group of contracts includes all of the future cash flows within the boundary of each
contract in the group.


Cash flows are within the boundary of a contract if they arise from substantive rights and obligations that exist
during the reporting period under which the Group can compel the policyholder to pay premiums or has a substantive
obligation to provide insurance contract services.


A substantive obligation to provide insurance contract services ends when:


•      the Group has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the particular policyholder and can set a price or
       level of benefits that fully reflects those reassessed risks; or


•      the Group has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the portfolio that contains the contract and can
       set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects the risks of that portfolio; and the pricing of the premiums
       for coverage up to the reassessment date does not take into account risks that relate to periods after the
       reassessment date.


The contract boundary is reassessed at each reporting date to include the effect of changes in circumstances on
the Group’s substantive rights and obligations and, therefore, may change over time.




178 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)   Measurement of insurance contracts issued
(i)   Measurement on initial recognition for contracts other than PAA
The Group measures a group of contracts on initial recognition as the sum of the expected fulfilment cash flows
within the contract boundary and the contractual service margin (the “CSM”) representing the unearned profit in
the contracts relating to services that will be provided under the contracts.


Fulfilment cash flows within contract boundary
The fulfilment cash flows are the current unbiased and probability-weighted estimates of the present value of the
future cash flows, including a risk adjustment for non-financial risk. In arriving at a probability-weighted mean, the
Group considers a range of scenarios to establish a full range of possible outcomes incorporating all reasonable
and supportable information available without undue cost or effort about the amount, timing and uncertainty of
expected future cash flows. The estimates of future cash flows reflect conditions existing at the measurement
date including assumptions at that date about the future.


When estimating future cash flows, the Group includes all cash flows within the contract boundary including:


•     Premiums and any additional cash flows resulting from those premiums;


•     Reported claims that have not yet been paid, claims incurred but not yet reported, future claims expected
      to arise from the policy and potential cash inflows from recoveries on future claims covered by existing
      insurance contracts;


•     Payments to (or on behalf of) a policyholder that vary depending on returns on underlying items;


•     An allocation of insurance acquisition cash flows attributable to the portfolio to which the issued contract
      belongs;


•     Claim handling costs;


•     Costs of providing contractual benefits in kind;




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      179
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)    Measurement of insurance contracts issued (continued)
(i)    Measurement on initial recognition for contracts other than PAA (continued)
Fulfilment cash flows within contract boundary (continued)
•      Policy administration and maintenance costs, such as costs of premium billing and handling policy changes.
       Such costs also include recurring commission that are expected to be paid to intermediaries if a particular
       policyholder continues to pay the premiums within the boundary of the insurance contract.


•      Transaction-based taxes;


•      An allocation of fixed and variable overheads directly attributable to the fulfilment of insurance contracts
       including overhead costs such as accounting, human resources, information technology and support, building
       depreciation, rent, and maintenance and utilities;


•      Costs incurred for performing investment activities that enhance insurance coverage benefits for the
       policyholder;


•      Costs incurred for providing investment-related service and investment-return service to policyholders;


•      Other costs specifically chargeable to the policyholder under the terms of the contract.


Discount rates
The discount rate will be consistent with observable current market price for financial instruments with cash flows
whose characteristics are consistent with those of the insurance contracts, excluding the effects of factors that
influence such observable market prices but do not affect the future cash flows of the insurance contracts. The
Group has adopted the “bottom-up” approach, and the discount rate assumption is determined based on the
risk-free interest rate curve with consideration of the impact of the liquidity and tax premium.




180 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)   Measurement of insurance contracts issued (continued)
(i)   Measurement on initial recognition for contracts other than PAA (continued)
Discount rates (continued)
The Group estimates the discount rate applicable to each group of contracts on initial recognition, which is based
on recognised contracts. In the following reporting period, as new contracts are included in the group, the discount
rate applicable to the group on initial recognition is revised from the start of the reporting period in which the
new contracts are added to the group. The Group re-estimates the discount rate applicable to the group at initial
recognition using a weighted average discount rate over the period the contracts in the group are issued.


Risk adjustment for non-financial risk
The Group measures the compensation it would require for bearing the uncertainty about the amount and timing of
cash flows arising from insurance contracts, other than financial risk, separately as an adjustment for non-financial
risk. The Group has elected to disaggregate the change in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk between a
change related to non-financial risk and the effect of the time value of money and changes in the time value of
money.


CSM
The CSM represents unearned profit that the Group will recognise as it provides insurance contract services over
the coverage period.


At initial recognition, the Group measures the CSM at an amount that, unless a group of insurance contracts is
onerous, results in no gains recognised in profit or loss arising from:


•     The expected fulfilment cash flows of the group;


•     The amount of any derecognised asset for insurance acquisition cash flows allocated to the group;


•     Any other asset or liability previously recognised for cash flows related to the group;


•     Any cash flows that have already arisen on the contracts as of that date.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     181
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)    Measurement of insurance contracts issued (continued)
(i)    Measurement on initial recognition for contracts other than PAA (continued)

CSM (continued)
If a group of contracts is onerous, the Group recognises a loss on initial recognition. This results in the carrying
amount of the liability for the group being equal to the fulfilment cash flows, and the CSM of the group being nil.
A loss component is recognised for any loss on initial recognition of the group of insurance contracts.


The Group determines at initial recognition the group’s coverage units. The Group then allocates the group’s CSM
based on the coverage units provided in the period.


Insurance acquisition cash flows
Insurance acquisition cash flows are cash flows arising from the costs of selling, underwriting and starting a group of
insurance contracts that are directly attributable to the portfolio of insurance contracts to which the group belongs.


The Group includes insurance acquisition cash flows in the measurement of a group of insurance contracts if they
are directly attributable to either the individual contracts in a group, the group itself or the portfolio of insurance
contracts to which the group belongs.


The Group estimates, at a portfolio level, insurance acquisition cash flows not directly attributable to the group but
directly attributable to the portfolio. The Group then allocates them to the group of newly written and renewed
contracts on a systematic and rational basis.




182 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life    Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)    Measurement of insurance contracts issued (continued)
(ii)   Subsequent measurement under the general model
In estimating the total future fulfilment cash flows, the Group distinguishes between those relating to already
incurred claims and those relating to future service.


At the end of each reporting period, the carrying amount of the group of insurance contracts will reflect a current
estimate of the liability for remaining coverage (the “LRC”) as at that date and a current estimate of the liability
for incurred claims (the “LIC”).


The LRC is comprised of (a) the fulfilment cash flows relating to future service, (b) the CSM yet to be earned and
(c) any outstanding premiums for insurance contract services already provided.


The LIC includes the Group’s liability to pay valid claims for insured events that have already incurred, other
incurred insurance expenses arising from past coverage service and the liability for claims incurred but not yet
reported. It also includes the Group’s liability to pay amounts the Group is obliged to pay the policyholder under
the contract. This includes repayment of investment components, when a contract is derecognised. The current
estimate of LIC comprises the fulfilment cash flows related to current and past service allocated to the group at
the reporting date.


Changes in fulfilment cash flows
At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the fulfilment cash flows for both LIC and LRC to reflect
the current estimates of the amounts, timing and uncertainty of future cash flows, as well as discount rates and
other financial variables.


Experience adjustments are the difference between:


•      The expected cash flow estimate at the beginning of the period and the actual cash flows for premiums
       received in the period (and any related cash flows paid such as insurance acquisition cash flows);


•      The expected cash flow estimate at the beginning of the period and the actual incurred amounts of insurance
       service expenses in the period (excluding insurance acquisition expenses).




                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     183
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)    Measurement of insurance contracts issued (continued)
(ii)   Subsequent measurement under the general model (continued)
Changes in fulfilment cash flows (continued)
Experience adjustments relating to current or past service are recognised in profit or loss. For incurred claims
(including incurred but not reported) and other incurred insurance service expenses, experience adjustments
always relate to current or past service. They are included in profit or loss as part of insurance service expenses.


Experience adjustments relating to future service are included in the LRC by adjusting the CSM.


Adjustments to the CSM
For insurance contracts without direct participation features, the following changes in fulfilment cash flows are
considered to be related to future service and adjust (or ‘unlock’) the CSM of the group of insurance contracts:


•      Experience adjustments relating to the premiums received in the period that relate to future service, and
       any related cash flows such as insurance acquisition cash flows and premium-based taxes measured at the
       ‘locked in’ discount rates applicable when the contracts in the group were initially recognised;


•      The change in the estimate of the present value of expected future cash flows in the LRC, related to non-
       financial variables, measured at the ‘locked in’ discount rates applicable when the contracts in the group
       were initially recognised. All financial variables are locked in at initial recognition;


•      Changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk relating to future service;


•      Differences between the amount of investment components that were expected to be payable in the period
       and the amount of investment components that actually became payable.




184 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)    Measurement of insurance contracts issued (continued)
(ii)   Subsequent measurement under the general model (continued)
Adjustments to the CSM (continued)
The following adjustments do not relate to future service and thus do not adjust the CSM:


•      Changes in fulfilment cash flows for the effect of the time value of money and the effect of financial risk
       and changes thereof;


•      Changes in the fulfilment cash flows relating to the LIC;


•      Experience adjustments relating to insurance service expenses (excluding insurance acquisition cash flows).


For onerous contracts, any further increases in fulfilment cash flows relating to future coverage are recognised in
profit or loss as they occur, increasing the loss component of the group of insurance contracts. Any subsequent
decreases in fulfilment cash flows related to future coverage do not adjust the CSM until the loss component of
the group is fully reversed through profit or loss.


At the end of the reporting period, the carrying amount of the CSM for a group of insurance contracts without
direct participation features is the carrying amount at the beginning of the period adjusted for:


•      The effect of any new contracts added to the group;


•      Interest accreted on the carrying amount of the CSM measured at the discount rates determined at initial
       recognition;


•      The changes in fulfilment cash flows related to future service, except:


       –     Increases in fulfilment cash flows that exceed the carrying amount of the CSM, giving rise to a loss
             that results in the group of contracts becoming onerous or more onerous


       –     Decreases in fulfilment cash flows that reverse a previously recognised loss on a group of onerous
             contracts


•      The effect of any currency exchange differences on the CSM;


•      The amount recognised as insurance revenue by the allocation of the CSM in the period.



                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     185
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)    Measurement of insurance contracts issued (continued)
(ii)   Subsequent measurement under the general model (continued)
Recognition of the CSM in profit or loss
An amount of the CSM is released to profit or loss in each period during which the insurance contract services
are provided.


In determining the amount of the CSM to be released in each period, the Group follows three steps:


•      Determine the total number of coverage units in the group. The amount of coverage units in the group is
       determined by considering the quantity of benefits provided under the contract and the expected coverage
       period for each contract;


•      Allocate the CSM at the end of the period (before any of it is released to profit or loss to reflect the insurance
       contract services provided in the period) equally to each of the coverage units provided in the current period
       and expected to be provided in the future;


•      Recognise in profit or loss the amount of CSM allocated to the coverage units provided during the period.


Contracts with cash flows related to underlying items that do not meet the definition of direct
participating contracts (indirect participating contracts)
The Group issues contracts with cash flows related to underlying items that do not meet the definition of direct
participating contracts. This is due to a general right for the Group to adjust the cash flows in view of the return
from the underlying items. However, these underlying items are not specified, and the Group has full discretion
in forming the portfolios of underlying items that should be considered for adjusting the cash flows of these
contracts for the associated financial variables.


This structure results in the VFA not being applicable to these contracts. Instead, the Group applies the general
model when accounting for such contracts. The effects of financial variables do not impact the CSM measurement
for a group of indirect participating contracts as changes in financial risk are recognised as part of total insurance
finance income or expenses except for when the change triggers a change in the way the Group applies its
discretion. In this instance, the change will adjust the CSM.




186 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
            About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)     Measurement of insurance contracts issued (continued)
(ii)    Subsequent measurement under the general model (continued)
Contracts with cash flows related to underlying items that do not meet the definition of direct
participating contracts (indirect participating contracts) (continued)
The Group specifies at inception what they regard as their commitment under the contract. This enables the Group
to calculate the amount recognised in total insurance finance income or expenses (for changes in assumptions
related to financial risk on that commitment) and the amount adjusting the CSM (because of the exercise of
discretion in relation to the entity’s commitment). The commitment under the contract can be:


•       A specified minimum return agreed under the contract;


•       A discretionary amount relating to any surplus investment return on underlying items in excess of guaranteed
        minimum return.


The CSM of indirect participating contracts accretes interest at the original locked-in non-asset dependent discount
rates determined for a group of contracts at initial recognition. Those changes in fulfilment cash flows related
to future service that adjust the CSM are also measured at the original ‘locked-in’ discount rates determined on
initial recognition.


(iii)   Subsequent measurement for direct participating contracts (accounted for under the
        VFA)
The Group’s obligation to the policyholders consists of the obligation to pay policyholders the fair value of the
underlying items less a variable fee for future service provided under the insurance contract.


In determining the policyholder’s share of returns from the underlying items and how substantial the degree of
variability in total payments to the policyholder is due to returns from underlying items, the Group makes the
assessment:


•       Over the duration of the insurance contract;


•       On a present value probability-weighted average basis.




                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     187
Section 11




2.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)     Measurement of insurance contracts issued (continued)
(iii)   Subsequent measurement for direct participating contracts (accounted for under the
        VFA) (continued)
The carrying amount of the CSM for direct participating contracts at the end of the reporting period is the carrying
amount at the beginning of reporting period adjusted for:


•       The effect of any new contracts added to the group;


•       The change in the amount of the Group’s share of the fair value of the underlying items except for:


        –     The amount of CSM the Group chooses to present in profit or loss to offset the impact from its risk
              mitigation instruments


        –     The decrease in the amount of the Group’s share of the fair value of the underlying items that exceeds
              the carrying amount of the CSM giving rise to a loss that makes the associated group of contracts
              onerous, or that results in a loss for an existing onerous group becoming more onerous


        –     The increase in the amount of Group’s share of the fair value of the underlying items that reverses
              a previously recognised loss on an onerous group of contracts


•       The changes in fulfilment cash flows relating to future service, except:


        –     The amount of the CSM the Group chooses to present in profit or loss to offset the impact from its
              risk mitigation instruments


        –     Such increases in the fulfilment cash flows that exceed the carrying amount of CSM and the group
              of contracts becomes onerous or more onerous


        –     Such decreases in the fulfilment cash flows that reverse a previously recognised loss on an onerous
              group of contracts


•       The effect of any currency exchange differences arising on the CSM;


•       The amount recognised as insurance revenue by the allocation of the CSM in the period.




188 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)    Measurement of insurance contracts issued (continued)
(iv)   Insurance contracts measured under the PAA
The Group generally uses the PAA to simplify the measurement of groups of contracts where the coverage period
of each contract in the group of contracts is one year or less.


On initial recognition of each group of contracts, the carrying amount of the LRC is measured at the premiums
received on initial recognition minus any insurance acquisition cash flows allocated to the group at that date and
adjusted for amounts arising from the derecognition of any assets or liabilities previously recognised for cash
flows related to the group. The Group has elected the accounting policy choice to defer insurance acquisition
cash flows through the LRC.


Subsequently, the carrying amount of the LRC is increased by any premiums received; and any amortisation of the
insurance acquisition cash flows, and decreased by insurance acquisition cash flows paid; the amount recognised
as insurance revenue for coverage provided; and any investment component paid or transferred to the LIC. On
initial recognition of each group of contracts, the Group expects that the time gap between providing each part
of the coverage and the related premium due date is not significant. Accordingly, the Group has chosen not to
adjust the LRC to reflect the time value of money and the effect of financial risk.


If at any time during the coverage period, facts and circumstances indicate that a group of contracts is onerous,
then the Group recognises a loss in profit or loss and increases the LRC to the extent that the current estimates
of the fulfilment cash flows that relate to remaining coverage (including the risk adjustment for non-financial risk)
exceed the carrying amount of the LRC as loss component. In subsequent periods, unless facts and circumstances
indicate that the group of contracts is no longer onerous, the loss component is remeasured at each reporting date
as the difference between the current estimates of the fulfilment cash flows that relate to remaining coverage
(including the risk adjustment for non-financial risk) and the carrying amount of the LRC without loss component.


The Group recognises the LIC of a group of insurance contracts for the amount of the fulfilment cash flows
relating to incurred claims.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     189
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)    Measurement of insurance contracts issued (continued)
(v)    Onerous contracts
The Group considers an insurance contract to be onerous if the expected fulfilment cash flows allocated to the
contract, any previously recognised acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising from the contract at the
date of initial recognition in total result in a net cash outflow.


On initial recognition, the onerous assessment is done on an individual contract level assessing future expected
cash flows on a probability-weighted basis including a risk adjustment for non-financial risk. Contracts expected on
initial recognition to be loss-making are grouped together and such groups are measured and presented separately.


On initial recognition, the CSM of the group of onerous contracts is nil and the group’s measurement consists
entirely of fulfilment cash flows. A net outflow expected from a group of contracts determined to be onerous is
considered to be the group’s ‘loss component’. It is initially calculated when the group is first considered to be
onerous and is recognised at that date in profit or loss. The amount of the group’s loss component is tracked for
the purposes of presentation and subsequent measurement.


After the loss component is recognised, the Group allocates any subsequent changes in fulfilment cash flows of
the LRC on a systematic basis between the loss component and the LRC excluding the loss component.


For all issued contracts, other than those accounted for applying the PAA, the subsequent changes in the fulfilment
cash flows of the LRC to be allocated are:


•      Insurance finance income or expense;


•      Changes in risk adjustment for non-financial risk recognised in profit or loss representing release from risk
       in the period;


•      Estimates of the present value of future cash flows for claims and expenses released from the LRC because
       of incurred insurance service expenses in the period.


The Group determines the systematic allocation of insurance service expenses incurred based on the percentage
of loss component to the total fulfilment cash outflows included in the LRC.




190 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)   Measurement of insurance contracts issued (continued)
(v)   Onerous contracts (continued)
The Group disaggregates the total finance income or expenses between profit or loss or OCI. For any subsequent
changes in the fulfilment cash flows of the LRC, the total of insurance finance income or expenses is disaggregated
between profit or loss or OCI and allocated on a systematic basis between the loss component and the LRC
excluding the loss component.


Any subsequent decreases in fulfilment cash flows relating to future service allocated to the group (arising from
changes in estimates of future cash flows and the risk adjustments for non-financial risk) are allocated first to
the loss component only. Once it is exhausted, any further decreases in fulfilment cash flows relating to future
service results in the establishment of the group’s CSM.


For onerous groups of contracts, revenue is calculated as the amount of insurance service expenses expected at
the beginning of the period that form part of revenue and reflects only:


•     The change in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk due to expected release from risk in the period
      (excluding the amount systematically allocated to the loss component);


•     The estimates of the present value of future cash flows related to claims expected to incur in the period
      (excluding the systematic allocation to the loss component);


•     The allocation, based on the coverage units, of the portion of premiums that relates to the recovery of the
      insurance acquisition cash flows.


All these amounts are accounted for as a reduction of the LRC excluding the loss component.


The Group recognises amounts in insurance service expenses related to the loss component arising from:


•     Changes in fulfilment cash flows arising from changes in estimates related to future service that establish
      or further increase the loss component;


•     Subsequent decreases in fulfilment cash flows that relate to future service and reduce the loss component
      until it is exhausted;




                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      191
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(h)    Measurement of insurance contracts issued (continued)
(v)    Onerous contracts (continued)
•      For direct participating contracts only, subsequent decreases in the Group’s share of the fair value of the
       underlying items, that result in or further increase the loss component;


•      For direct participating contracts only, subsequent increases in the entity’s share of the fair value of the
       underlying items that reduce the loss component until it is exhausted;


•      Systematic allocation to the loss component arising both from changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial
       risk and from changes in present value of future cash flows due to incurred insurance services expenses.


(i)    Reinsurance contracts held
For groups of reinsurance contracts held, the Group applies the same accounting policies as that applied to
insurance contracts without direct participation features, with the following modifications.


The carrying amount of a group of reinsurance contracts held at each reporting date is the sum of the asset
for remaining coverage and the asset for incurred claims. The asset for remaining coverage comprises (a) the
fulfilment cash flows that relate to services that will be received under the contracts in future periods and (b)
CSM at that date.


The Group measures the estimates of the present value of future cash flows using assumptions that are consistent
with those used to measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance
contracts, with an adjustment for any risk of non-performance by the reinsurer. The effect of the non-performance
risk of the reinsurer is assessed at each reporting date and the effect of changes in the non-performance risk is
recognised in profit or loss.


On initial recognition, the CSM of a group of reinsurance contracts held represents a net cost or net gain on
purchasing reinsurance. It is measured as the equal and opposite amount of the total of (a) the fulfilment cash
flows, (b) the amount arising from assets or liabilities previously recognised for cash flows related to the group,
before the group is recognised, (c) cash flows arising from the contracts in the group at that date and (d) any
income recognised in profit or loss because of onerous underlying contracts recognised at that date. However, if
any net cost on purchasing reinsurance coverage relates to insured events that occurred before the purchase of
the reinsurance, then the Group recognises the cost immediately in profit or loss as an expense.




192 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(i)   Reinsurance contracts held (continued)
The carrying amount of the CSM at each reporting date is the carrying amount at the start of the reporting period,
adjusted for:


•     the CSM of any new contracts that are added to the group in the period;


•     interest accreted on the carrying amount of the CSM during the period, measured at the discount rates
      determined on initial recognition that are applied to nominal cash flows;


•     income recognised in profit or loss in respect of a loss recognised for onerous underlying contracts. A loss-
      recovery component is established or adjusted in the asset for remaining coverage of reinsurance contracts
      held for the amount of income recognised;


•     reversals of a loss-recovery component to the extent that they are not changes in the fulfilment cash flows
      of the group;


•     changes in fulfilment cash flows that relate to future services, measured at the discount rates determined
      on initial recognition, unless the changes result from changes in fulfilment cash flows of onerous underlying
      contracts, in which case they are recognised in profit or loss and create or adjust a loss-recovery component;


•     the effect of any currency exchange differences on the CSM; and


•     the amount recognised in profit or loss for the services received in the period.


Reinsurance contracts held measured under the PAA
The Group applies the same accounting principles to measure a group of insurance contracts or reinsurance
contracts held under the PAA.


If a loss-recovery component is established for a group of reinsurance contracts held measured under the PAA,
the Group adjusts the carrying amount of the asset.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      193
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(j)    Investment contracts with discretionary participation features
The Group recognises investment contracts with discretionary participation features at the date when the Group
becomes a party to the contract. At initial recognition, similar to insurance contracts, the Group estimates the
fulfilment cash flows based on the present value of expected future cash flows and a risk adjustment for non-
financial risk. Any expected net inflows are accounted for as the initial CSM.


In estimating future cash flows, the Group considers the contract boundary which only includes cash flows if they
result from a substantive obligation of the Group to deliver cash at a present or future date.


The Group discounts cash flows using discount rates that reflect the characteristics of the fulfilment cash flows.


The Group allocates the CSM over the group’s whole duration period in a systematic way reflecting the transfer
of investment services under a contract by the Group.


The Group measures investment contracts with discretionary participation features under the VFA or general
model depending on if they meet the VFA criteria.


(k)    Modification and derecognition
The Group derecognises a contract when it is extinguished – i.e. when the specified obligations in the contract
expire or are discharged or cancelled.


The Group also derecognises a contract if its terms are modified in a way that would have changed the accounting
for the contract significantly had the new terms always existed, in which case a new contract based on the
modified terms is recognised. If a contract modification does not result in derecognition, then the Group treats
the changes in cash flows caused by the modification as changes in estimates of fulfilment cash flows.




194 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(k)   Modification and derecognition (continued)
On the derecognition of a contract in a group of contracts not measured under the PAA:


•     the fulfilment cash flows allocated to the group are adjusted to eliminate those that relate to the rights and
      obligations derecognised;


•     the CSM of the group is adjusted for the change in the fulfilment cash flows that relate to future service,
      except where such changes are allocated to a loss component;


•     the number of coverage units for the expected remaining services is adjusted to reflect the coverage units
      derecognised from the group.


If a contract is derecognised because it is transferred to third party, then the CSM is also adjusted for the premium
charged by the third party, unless the contract is onerous.


If a contract is derecognised because its terms are modified, then the CSM is also adjusted for the premium that
would have been charged had the Group entered into a contract with the new contract’s terms at the date of
modification, less any additional premium charged for the modification. The new contract recognised is measured
assuming that, at the date of modification, the issuer received the premium that it would have charged less any
additional premium charged for the modification.


(l)   Presentation
(i)   Insurance revenue
As the Group provides insurance services under a group of insurance contracts issued, it reduces its LRC and
recognises insurance revenue, which is measured at the amount of consideration the Group expects to be entitled
to in exchange for those services. For groups of insurance contracts measured under the general model and VFA,
insurance revenue consists of the sum of the changes in the LRC due to:




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      195
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(l)    Presentation (continued)
(i)    Insurance revenue (continued)
•      The insurance service expenses incurred in the period measured at the amounts expected at the beginning
       of the period, excluding:


       –         Amounts allocated to the loss component


       –         Repayments of investment components


       –         Amounts that relate to transaction-based taxes collected on behalf of third parties


       –         Insurance acquisition expenses


       –         Amounts relating to risk adjustment for non-financial risk


•      The change in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk, excluding:


       –         Changes that relate to future service that adjust the CSM


       –         Amounts allocated to the loss component


       –         Amounts that relate to insurance finance income and expenses


•      The amount of CSM for the services provided in the period;


•      Other amounts, such as experience adjustments for premium receipts that relate to current or past service,
       if any.


Insurance revenue also includes the portion of premiums that relate to amortizing those insurance acquisition cash
flows included in the insurance service expenses in each period. Both amounts are measured in a systematic way
on the basis of the passage of time.


When applying the PAA, the Group recognises insurance revenue for the period based on the passage of time
by allocating expected premium receipts including premium experience adjustments to each period of service.
However, when the expected pattern of release from risk during the coverage period differs significantly from
the passage of time, the premium receipts are allocated based on the expected pattern of incurred insurance
service expenses.


196 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
            About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(l)     Presentation (continued)
(ii)    Insurance service expenses
Insurance service expenses arising from a group of insurance contracts issued comprises:


•       Changes in the LIC related to claims and expenses incurred in the period excluding repayment of investment
        components;


•       Changes in the LIC related to claims and expenses incurred in prior periods (related to past service);


•       Other directly attributable insurance service expenses incurred in the period;


•       Amortisation of insurance acquisition cash flows, which is recognised at the same amount in both insurance
        service expenses and insurance contract revenue;


•       Loss component of onerous groups of contracts initially recognised in the period;


•       Changes in the LRC related to future service that do not adjust the CSM, because they are changes in the
        loss components of onerous groups of contracts.


(iii)   Income or expenses from reinsurance contracts held
Income or expenses from reinsurance contracts held are split into the following two amounts:


•       Amount recovered from reinsurers;


•       An allocation of the premiums paid.


The Group presents cash flows that are contingent on claims as part of the amount recovered from reinsurers.
Ceding commissions that are not contingent on claims of the underlying contracts are presented as a deduction
in the premiums to be paid to the reinsurer which is then allocated to profit or loss.




                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      197
Section 11




2.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(l)     Presentation (continued)
(iii)   Income or expenses from reinsurance contracts held (continued)
The Group establishes a loss recovery component of the asset for the remaining coverage for a group of reinsurance
contracts held. This depicts the recovery of losses recognised on the initial recognition of an onerous group of
underlying insurance contracts or on addition of onerous underlying insurance contracts to a group. The loss
recovery component adjusts the CSM of the group of reinsurance contracts held. The loss recovery component
is then adjusted to reflect:


•       Changes in the fulfilment cash flows of the underlying insurance contracts that relate to future service and
        do not adjust the CSM of the respective groups to which the underlying insurance contracts belong to;


•       Reversals of loss recovery component to the extent those reversals are not changes in the fulfilment cash
        flows of the group of reinsurance contracts held;


•       Allocations of the loss recovery component against the amounts recovered from reinsurers reported in line
        with the associated reinsured incurred claims or expenses.


(iv)    Insurance finance income and expenses
Insurance finance income or expenses present the effect of the time value of money and the change in the time
value of money, together with the effect of financial risk and changes in financial risk of a group of insurance
contracts and a group of reinsurance contracts held.


For contracts applying the general model and contracts applying the VFA, the Group has chosen to disaggregate
insurance finance income or expenses between profit or loss and other comprehensive income. For contracts
applying the general model, the Group recognizes changes in insurance contract liabilities due to changes in financial
variables including the discount rate in other comprehensive income. For the VFA model, the Group includes in
profit or loss expenses or income that exactly match the income or expenses included in profit or loss for the
underlying items, with the remaining amount recognised in other comprehensive income.


(v)     Other expenses
Other expenses represent general expenses that are not directly attributable to insurance and reinsurance contract
portfolios.




198 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement    Business Performance   Corporate Governance    Financial Report




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(12) Insurance contracts and investment contracts (continued)
(m) Contracts existing at transition date
The Group adopts both the modified retrospective approach and the fair value approach when it is impracticable
to use a retrospective approach in determining transition amounts at the IFRS 17 transition date.


(i)    Contracts measured under the modified retrospective approach
The objective of this approach was to achieve the closest outcome to retrospective application possible using
reasonable and supportable information available without undue cost or effort. The Group applied each modification
only to the extent that it did not have reasonable and supportable information to apply IFRS 17 retrospectively.


(ii)   Contracts measured under the fair value approach
For the groups of contracts that are measured under the fair value approach, the Group determined the CSM or
loss component of the LRC at transition date as the difference between the fair value of a group of contracts at
that date and the fulfilment cash flows at that date.


(13) Derivative instruments
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and
are subsequently re-measured at their fair value. The resulting gain or loss of derivative financial instruments
is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Fair values are obtained from quoted
market prices in active markets, taking into consideration recent market transactions or valuation techniques,
including discounted cash flow models and option pricing models, as appropriate. The best evidence of the fair
value of a derivative at initial recognition is the transaction price (i.e., the fair value of the consideration given or
received) unless the fair value of that instrument is evidenced by comparison with other observable current market
transactions in the same instrument (i.e. without modification or repackaging) or based on a valuation technique
whose variables include only data from observable markets. All derivatives are carried as assets when fair value
is positive and as liabilities when fair value is negative.


Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9 are not
separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as either amortised
cost or fair value as appropriate. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets
within the scope of IFRS 9 are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative,
their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are
not measured at FVTPL. The Group does not separately measure embedded derivatives that meet the definition
of an insurance contract or embedded derivatives that are closely related to host insurance contracts including
embedded options to surrender insurance contracts for a fixed amount (or an amount based on a fixed amount
and an interest rate).




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      199
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(14) Employee benefits
Employee benefits represent all forms of returns or reimbursement that the Group pays employees for their
services or for termination of labor relationship. The compensation includes salaries, bonuses, allowances and
subsidies, staff welfare expenses, social insurance and housing accumulation funds, labor union fees and employee
education fees, etc.


All employees of the Group participate in social security plans, including pension, medical, housing and other
welfare benefits, organised and administered by the governmental authorities. According to the relevant regulations,
the premiums and welfare benefit contributions that should be borne by the Group are calculated on a regulated
basis, subject to a certain ceiling, and are paid to the labor and social welfare authorities. Contributions to the
plans are expensed as incurred. These social security plans are defined contribution plans. There are no forfeited
contributions in social security plans, because all contributions are fully attributable to employees at the time of
the payment.


In addition to the above social security plans, the Group set up an annuity fund in January 2014, whereby the Group
is required to contribute to the annuity fund according to certain contribution bases and percentages monthly.
Contribution amounts calculated in accordance with the annuity fund are recognised as liabilities and are recorded
as expenses during the period of which service is provided by the employees participating in the scheme. The
annuity fund is defined contribution plan. Forfeited contributions by those employees who leave the annuity fund
prior to the full vesting of their contributions are not used to reduce the existing level of contributions and are
recredited in the employer account of the annuity fund to be attributed to the members of the annuity fund after
fulfilling the approval procedures.


Other long-term employee benefits are all the other benefits besides short-term employee benefits, post-
employment benefits and termination benefits, including long-term paid absences, other long-term service benefits,
long-term disability benefits, long-term profit-sharing plan and long-term bonus, etc. Other long-term employee
benefits provided by the Group are long-term bonus plans. For the long-term bonus plans, which are recognised
in liabilities and are recorded as expenses when incurred.




200 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(15) Share capital
Shares are classified as equity when there is no obligation to transfer cash or other assets. Incremental costs
directly attributable to the issue of equity instruments are shown in equity as a deduction from the proceeds.


(16) Revenue recognition
(a)   Insurance revenue
The recognition of insurance revenue is stated in Note 2(12)(l)(i).


(b)   Interest income
Interest income for all financial instruments except for those classified as at FVTPL are recognised on an accrual
basis using the effective interest method. Interest on financial instruments measured as at FVTPL is included in
the “Other investment income” line item. The calculation of effective interest rate and interest income is stated
in Note 2(10)(a).


(c)   Other investment income
Other investment income is comprised of dividend income from equity financial assets, realised gains or losses
from all financial investments, interest income from financial assets at FVTPL and net fair value gains or losses on
financial assets at FVTPL. Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive dividend payment is established.


(d)   Other income
Other income is comprised of revenue generated from other operation activities except for the revenue above,
including service management fees received under investment contracts.


(17) Commission and brokerage expenses
Commission and brokerage expenses are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.


(18) Income tax
The income tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the net profit,
except to the extent that it relates to goodwill generated from business combination and it relates to items
recognised directly in equity, where the tax is recognised in equity.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      201
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(18) Income tax (continued)
The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the
end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company, its subsidiaries or associates operate and generate
taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation.


Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liabilities method, on temporary differences arising between the
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements at the end
of the reporting period. Substantively enacted tax rates are used in the determination of deferred income tax.


Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be
available against which the deductible temporary differences can be recognised. Such deferred tax assets and
liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business
combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit
and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. In
addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition
of goodwill.


Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries,
joint ventures and associates except where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference can be controlled
and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred
tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and
are recognised to the extent that it is probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of
the deferred tax asset to be recovered.


Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the
asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the end of the reporting period.


Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right
to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes assets and deferred tax liabilities
relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable
entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and
settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or
assets are expected to be settled or recovered.


202 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(19) Government grants
Government grants are recognised by the Group when all attaching conditions will be complied with and the
grants will be received. If a government grant is in the form of a transfer of a monetary asset, it is measured at
the amount received or receivable. If a government grant is in the form of a transfer of a non-monetary asset, it is
measured at fair value; if fair value is not reliably determinable, it is measured at a nominal amount. A government
grant related to income is accounted for as follows: (i) if the grant is a compensation for related expenses or losses
to be incurred in subsequent periods, the grant is recognised as deferred income, and released in profit or loss
or offset against related expenses over the periods in which the related costs are recognised; or (ii) if the grant is
a compensation for related expenses or losses already incurred, it is recognised immediately in profit or loss or
offset against relevant expenses. A government grant relating to an asset shall be recognised as deferred income
and amortised in profit or loss over the useful life of the related asset by annual instalments in a systematic and
rational way (however, a government grant measured at a nominal amount is recognised directly in profit or loss).
Where the assets are sold, transferred, retired or damaged before the end of their useful lives, the rest of the
remaining deferred income is released to profit or loss for the period in which the relevant assets are disposed
of. The Group adopted the gross method to recognize the government grants.


(20) Provisions
Provisions are recognised when there is a present obligation as a result of past transactions or events, and it is
more likely than not that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the amount can
be reliably estimated. Future operating losses should not be recognised as provisions. The initial measurement
of provisions is based on the best estimate to the outflow of present obligation by considering relevant risks,
uncertainty and time value of money, etc. Where the effect of the time value of money is material, the best
estimate is determined by discounting the related future cash outflows. The increase in the discounted amount
of the provision arising from passage of time is recognised as interest expense. The Group reviews the carrying
amount of provisions at the end of the reporting period and makes appropriate adjustments in order to reflect
the current best estimate.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     203
Section 11




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(21) Contingencies
A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be confirmed
by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events that are not wholly within the control
of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised because it is not
probable that outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of obligation cannot be measured
reliably.


A contingent liability is not recognised in the statement of financial position but is disclosed in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable
and can be reliably measured, it will then be recognised as a provision.


(22) Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing net income available to ordinary shareholders by the weighted
average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.


For diluted earnings per share, the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue is adjusted to assume
conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. Potential or contingent share issuances are treated as dilutive
when their conversion to shares would decrease net earnings per share.


3.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES
       OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
Judgments, estimates and assumptions made by the Group during the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements would affect the reported amounts and disclosures of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of
contingent liabilities. Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated based on historical experience and other
factors. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material
adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.


Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the Group have
made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the
amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.




204 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement    Business Performance   Corporate Governance    Financial Report




3.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES
      OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)
Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (continued)
(1)   Classification of financial assets
The judgements in determining the classification of financial assets mainly include the analysis of the contractual
cash flows characteristics.


The contractual cash flows characteristics of financial assets refer to the cash flow attributes of the financial
assets reflecting the economic characteristics of the relevant financial assets (i.e., whether the contractual cash
flows generated by the relevant financial assets on a specified date solely represents the payments of principal
and interest). The principal amount refers to the fair value of the financial asset at initial recognition. The principal
amount may change throughout the lifetime of the financial assets due to prepayment or other reasons. The
interest includes the time value of money, the credit risk associated with the outstanding principal amount for a
specific period, other basic lending credit risks, and the consideration of costs and profits.


(2)   Identification of investment components
The Group considers all terms of contracts it issues to determine whether there are amounts repayable to
the policyholder in all circumstances, regardless of contract cancellation, maturity, and the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an insured event. Some amounts, once paid by the policyholder, are repayable to the policyholder
in all circumstances. The Group considers such payments to meet the definition of an investment component.


(3)   Separation of insurance components of an insurance contract
The Group issues some insurance contracts that combine protection for the policyholder against different types
of insurance risks in a single contract. IFRS 17 does not require or permit separating insurance components of
an insurance contract unless the legal form of a single contract does not reflect the substance of its contractual
rights and obligations. In such cases, separate insurance elements must be recognised. Overriding the “single
contract” unit of account presumption involves significant judgement and is not an accounting policy choice.
When determining whether a legal contract reflects its substance or not, the Group considers the interdependency
between different risks covered, the ability of all components to lapse independently, and the ability to price and
sell the components separately.




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     205
Section 11




3.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES
       OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)
Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (continued)
(4)    Identification of portfolios
The Group defines a portfolio as insurance contracts subject to similar risks and managed together. Contracts
within the same product line are expected to be in the same portfolio as they have similar risks and are managed
together. The assessment of which risks are similar and how contracts are managed requires the exercise of
judgement.


(5)    Assessment of the eligibility for meeting the criteria for direct participating
       contracts
Direct participating contracts are considered to be sufficiently different from other participating contracts due to the
enforceable link to the underlying items, the significance of policyholders’ share in the pool and the significance of
those returns to the overall policyholder payments. The Group assesses whether a contract meets the definition
of a direct participating contract using the Group’s expectations existing at inception of the contract. In assessing
the significance of the policyholder’s share of returns from the underlying items and the degree of variability in
total payments to the policyholder, the Group applies significant judgement.


(6)    Selecting a method of allocation of coverage units
IFRS 17 establishes a principle for determining coverage units, not a set of detailed requirements or methods.
The selection of the appropriate method for determining the amount of coverage units is not an accounting policy
choice. It involves the exercise of significant judgement and development of estimates considering individual facts
and circumstances. The Group selects the appropriate method on a portfolio-by-portfolio basis. In determining
the appropriate method, the Group considers the likelihood of insured events occurring to the extent that they
affect expected period of coverage in the group, different levels of service across the period and the quantity of
benefits expected to be received by the policyholder.




206 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




3.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES
      OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)
Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (continued)
(7)   Assessment of control over structured entity
The Group applies its judgment to determine whether the control indicators set out in Note 2(2)(d) indicate that
the Group controls structured entities such as debt investment plans, trust plans and asset management plans.


The Group issues certain structured entities (e.g. asset management plans and debt investment plans), and acts
as a manager for such entities according to the contracts. In addition, the Group may be exposed to variability of
returns as a result of holding shares of the structured entities. In addition, the Group may also hold structured
entities (e.g. trust plans) initiated and managed by other asset management institutions. Determining whether the
Group controls such structured entities usually focuses on the assessment of the aggregate economic interests of
the Group in the entities (including any carried interests and expected management fees) and the decision-making
rights on the entity. As at 31 December 2025, the Group has consolidated certain asset management plans and
debt investment plans issued and managed by the Company’s subsidiary, New China Asset Management Co.,
Ltd. (“Asset Management Company”), certain debt investment plans, etc. issued by third parties, certain private
equity investments issued by third parties in the consolidated financial statements. Please refer to Note 42 for
the details.


(8)   Judgement on significant influence
The significant influence over the investees is determined by the Group’s assessment of its power to participate
in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investees. The assessment involves significant judgement
and considers factors such as the investees’ policy-making process, the composition of Board of directors (or
other governing bodies), changes in ownership interests and substance of contractual arrangements.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     207
Section 11




3.      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES
        OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)
Key sources of estimation uncertainty
(1)     Estimates used in measuring insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance
        contract assets
In measuring insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance contract assets, the Group uses assumptions about
discount rates, mortality rates, morbidity rates, expense rates, policy dividend, lapse rates, etc. Estimates are
made based on the most recent historical analysis and current and future economic conditions.


(a)     Discount rate assumption
The discount rate will be consistent with observable current market price for financial instruments with cash flows
whose characteristics are consistent with those of the insurance contracts, excluding the effects of factors that
influence such observable market prices but do not affect the future cash flows of the insurance contracts. The
Group has adopted the “bottom-up” approach, and the discount rate assumption is determined based on the
risk-free interest rate curve with consideration of the impact of the liquidity and tax premium.


As at 31 December 2025, the spot discount rate that were used to discount the estimates of future cash flows that
do not vary based on the returns of the underlying items are 1.70% – 4.80%(31 December 2024: 1.61% – 4.75%).


(b)     Mortality and morbidity assumptions
The Group bases its mortality assumption on the China Life Insurance Life Mortality Table (2010-2013), adjusts
where appropriate to reflect the Group’s historical mortality rate. The main source of uncertainty with life insurance
contracts is epidemics, such as bird flu, AIDS and SARS, and wide-ranging lifestyle changes could result in
deterioration in the future mortality rate, thus leading to an inadequate liability provision. Similarly, continuous
advancements in medical care and social welfare could result in improvements in longevity that exceed the
assumption used in the estimates to determine the liabilities for contracts where the Group is exposed to longevity
risk.


The Group bases its morbidity assumptions on the China Life Insurance Major Diseases Experience Morbidity
Rate Table (2020) for critical illness products on analysis of historical experience and expectations of future
developments. There are two main sources of uncertainty. First, wide-ranging lifestyle changes could result in
future deterioration in the morbidity rate. Second, future development of medical technologies and improved
availability of medical facilities to policyholders may lead to early diagnosis of critical illnesses, which demands
earlier payment of the critical illness benefits. Both could ultimately result in an inadequate liability provision if
current morbidity assumptions do not properly reflect such secular trends.


Mortality and morbidity vary with the age of insured and types of contracts.




208 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




3.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES
      OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)
Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)
(1)   Estimates used in measuring insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance
      contract assets (continued)
(c)   Expenses assumptions
The Group’s expenses assumptions are determined based on actual experience analysis, with consideration of
future inflation, including assumptions of acquisition costs and maintenance costs. The purpose of the expense
analysis is to allocate expenses directly attributable to insurance contract portfolios between acquisition and
maintenance activities, and then to allocate these acquisition and maintenance expenses to various product
categories to derive unit cost assumptions. The Group’s expenses assumptions are affected by certain factors,
such as inflation and market competition. The Group determines expenses assumptions based on the information
obtained at the end of each reporting period.


(d)   Policy dividend assumption
Policy dividend assumption is determined based upon contract terms, the investment yields of the participating
account, dividend policy enacted by the Group, reasonable expectation of policyholders and other factors. Pursuant
to relevant contract terms, the Group is obligated to pay to the policyholders of participating contracts at least
70% of distributable surplus.


(e)   Lapse rate and other assumptions
The lapse rate and other assumptions are affected by certain factors, such as future macroeconomy, availability
of financial substitutions, and market competition. The lapse rate and other assumptions are determined based
on past experience, current conditions, future expectations and other information obtained at the end of each
reporting period.


(f)   Risk adjustment for non-financial risk
The risk adjustment for non-financial risk is the compensation the Group requires for bearing the uncertainty about
the amount and timing of the cash flows arising from insurance risk and other non-financial risks such as lapse
risk and expense risk.


The Group use confidence level technique for determining the risk adjustment for non-financial risk. As at 31
December 2025, the Group determines the risk adjustment for non-financial risk based on the 75% confidence
level (31 December 2024: same).




                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     209
Section 11




3.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES
       OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)
Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)
(2)    Measurement of the ECL
The measurement of the ECL for debt investments measured at amortised cost and FVTOCI is an area that requires
the use of complex models and significant assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behavior
(such as the likelihood of counterparty default and corresponding losses). The considerations in the measurement
of the expected credit losses mainly include:


•      Significant increase in credit risk: ECL is measured as an allowance equal to 12m ECL for stage 1 assets,
       or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased
       significantly since initial recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly
       increased, the Group takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward-
       looking information. The assessment of the credit risk and expected cash flows of the respective financial
       investment involves a high degree of estimation and uncertainty.


•      Models and assumptions used: The Group uses various models and assumptions in estimating ECL.
       Judgement is applied in identifying the most appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for
       determining the assumptions used in these models, including assumptions that relate to key drivers of
       credit risk.


•      Forward-looking information: When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward-
       looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers
       and how these drivers will affect each other as well as the correlation between historical default rate and
       macro-economic factors. The Group estimates these forward-looking economic factors, such as GDP growth
       and Consumer Price Index etc. under different scenario.


•      Probability of Default (“PD”): PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood
       of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and
       expectations of future conditions.


•      LGD: LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual
       cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from
       collateral and integral credit enhancements.


The amount of the ECL varies depending on the estimation of the Group. Please refer to Note 11 for more details.




210 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




3.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES
      OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)
Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)
(3)   Fair value of financial instruments
For financial instruments for which no active market exists, the Group determines fair value using valuation
techniques that are applicable in the current circumstances and supported by sufficient available data and other
information. Valuation techniques mainly include market approach and income approach, reference to the recent
arm’s length transactions, current market value of another instrument which is substantially the same, and by
using the discounted cash flow analysis, etc.


When using valuation techniques to determine the fair value of financial instruments, the Group selects inputs that
are consistent with the characteristics of the asset or liability that would be considered by a market participant
in a transaction for the underlying asset or liability, giving priority to the use of relevant observable inputs where
possible. Unobservable inputs are used where the relevant observable inputs are not available or practicable to
obtain.


The Group regularly reviews the assumptions and estimates applied in the valuation methodologies and makes
adjustments where necessary to make them reflect market conditions at the balance sheet date. The use of
different valuation methods and assumptions may result in differences in fair value estimates.


Please refer to Note 4(4) for more details.


(4)   Taxation
Due to the uncertainty of final tax treatment for various transactions during the normal course of business, the
Group needs to exercise significant judgment when determining tax expenses. The Group recognizes tax liabilities
based on estimates of whether there will be additional tax payments resulting from tax inspection. If there is any
difference between the final result and previously recorded amounts, the difference will impact current tax and
deferred tax.


Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that future
taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax losses can be utilised. Significant judgment is required
to estimate the amount and timing of future taxable profit so as to determine, together with the tax planning
strategies, the amount of deferred income tax assets to be recognised.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      211
Section 11




3.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES
       OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)
Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)
(5)    Impairment assessment on investment in associates and joint ventures
An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is any indication that investments
in associates have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication showing the carrying amount of investment
in associates and joint ventures may not recoverable, the impairment assessment is performed. An impairment
exists when the carrying value of investments in associates and joint ventures exceeds its recoverable amount,
which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The calculation of the fair value
less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of
similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of investments in associates and
joint ventures. When value in use calculations are undertaken, the Group must estimate the expected future cash
flows from investments in associates and joint ventures and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate
the present value of those cash flows.


(6)    Net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the invested entities
An investment is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee becomes an associate
or a joint venture. At initial recognition, any excess of the entity’s share of the net fair value of the investee’s
identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment is included as income in the determination of the
entity’s share of the associate or joint venture’s profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired,
and the carrying amount of the investment is correspondingly adjusted. The net fair value of the identifiable assets
and liabilities is measured using valuation techniques. The determination of the net fair value involves estimates.
Changes in these estimates could affect the net fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities recognised.




212 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life    Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




4.    RISK MANAGEMENT
The Group issues contracts that transfer insurance risk or financial risk or both. This section summarizes these
risks and the way the Group manages them.


(1)   Insurance risk
(a)   Types of insurance risk
The risk under any one insurance contract is the possibility that an insured event occurs and there is uncertainty
about the amount of the resulting claim. By the very nature of an insurance contract, this risk is random and
therefore unpredictable. For a portfolio of insurance contracts where the theory of probability is applied to pricing
and provisioning, the principal risk that the Group faces under its insurance contracts is that the actual claims
and benefit payments exceed the carrying amount of the insurance liabilities. This occurs when the frequency
or severity of claims and benefits exceeds the estimates. Insured events are random, and the actual number of
claims and the amount of benefits paid will vary each year from estimates established using statistical techniques.


Experience shows that the larger the portfolio of similar insurance contracts, the more dispersive the risk will be,
and the smaller the relative variability about the expected outcome will be. The Group has developed its insurance
underwriting strategy to diversify the type of insurance risks accepted and within each of these categories to
achieve a sufficiently large population of policies to reduce the variability of the expected outcome.


The Group offers long-term life insurance, critical illness insurance, annuity, accident and short-term health insurance
products. Social and economic development, widespread changes in lifestyle, epidemics and medical technology
development could have significant influence on the Group’s insurance business. Insurance risk is also affected
by policyholders’ rights to terminate the contract, reduce premiums, refuse to pay premiums or exercise annuity
conversion rights, etc. Thus, insurance risk is also subject to policyholders’ behaviors and decisions.


The Group manages insurance risks through underwriting strategy, reinsurance agreements and claim management.
The Group’s reinsurance agreements include ceding on quota share basis, surplus basis or catastrophe excess
of loss. The reinsurance agreements cover most of the products with risk responsibilities. These reinsurance
agreements spread insured risk and stabilise financial results of the Group. However, the Group’s responsibilities
for direct insurance to policyholders are not relieved because of credit risk associated with the failure of reinsurance
companies to fulfill their responsibilities.


The estimation of the present value of future cashflow for insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance contract
assets represent the Group’s expected exposure to insurance risk.




                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      213
Section 11




4.       RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(1)      Insurance risk (continued)
(b)      Concentration of insurance risk
Currently, the Group’s insurance businesses are all conducted in the PRC and insurance risk in each area has
insignificant differences. The Group’s insurance contract liabilities of major insurance products are listed below:


                                                     31 December 2025                   31 December 2024

 Product Name                                        Amount          % of total         Amount         % of total


 Jixinggaozhao Type A endowment
     insurance (Participating)                     66,276            4.32%             64,609           4.73%
 Huitianfu annuity insurance                       62,742            4.09%             64,693           4.74%
 Furudonghai Type A whole life insurance
     (Participating)                               55,792            3.64%             52,408           3.84%
 Zunxiang Rensheng annuity insurance
     (Participating)                               54,277            3.54%             52,593           3.85%
 Fuxiang Yisheng whole life annuity
     insurance (Participating)                     51,722            3.37%             48,081           3.52%
 Others                                         1,241,829           81.04%          1,083,706          79.32%


 Total                                          1,532,638         100.00%           1,366,090         100.00%




214 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
              About New China Life     Chairman’s Statement         Business Performance        Corporate Governance         Financial Report




4.      RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(1)     Insurance risk (continued)
(c)     Sensitivity analysis
(i)     Sensitivity analysis for contracts not measured under PAA
Insurance contract liabilities not measured under PAA are calculated based on significant assumptions. Non-financial
assumptions mainly include mortality and morbidity rates, lapse rates and expense rates. The analysis below is
performed to demonstrate the reasonably possible movements in key assumptions with all other assumptions
held constant, showing the impact on profit and equity before income tax.


                                                         31 December 2025                                     31 December 2024

                                 Change in   Profit before tax              Equity                Profit before tax              Equity
                                assumption    Gross          Net        Gross           Net       Gross               Net   Gross           Net


 Mortality and Morbidity Rate       +10%      (1,058)       (967)       (2,273)       (2,033)     (1,045)         (960)     (1,776)       (1,562)
                                    – 10%     1,101          999         2,708        2,406       1,080               985   2,091         1,823


 Lapse Rate                         +10%        681          661         1,265        1,186         633               612   2,606         2,534
                                    – 10%      (719)        (699)        (758)         (676)        (647)         (627)     (2,393)       (2,320)


 Expense Rate                       +10%       (859)        (859)       (1,576)       (1,576)       (765)         (765)     (1,434)       (1,434)
                                    – 10%       832          832         1,557        1,557         742               742   1,412         1,412


(ii)    Sensitivity analysis for contracts measured under PAA
The change of claims amount for contracts measured under PAA may cause the change of loss ratio assumptions
and in turn affect insurance contract liabilities.


All other variables being constant, if the loss ratio increases or decreases by 100bps, estimated profit before tax
would decrease or increase by RMB5 million (2024: decrease or increase by RMB8 million), estimated pre-tax
equity would decrease or increase by RMB5 million (2024: decrease or increase by RMB8 million).




                                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                215
Section 11




4.      RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(1)     Insurance risk (continued)
(d)     Claims development analysis for contracts measured under PAA
Claims development analysis for contracts measured under PAA is as follows:


                                                                Accident year

 Cumulative claims                        2021      2022         2023           2024     2025       Total


 End of current year                     4,029      3,405       3,285           3,431   3,243     17,393
 1 year later                            3,909      3,661       3,585           3,304             14,459
 2 years later                           3,384      3,207       3,385                              9,976
 3 years later                           3,384      3,207                                          6,591
 4 years later                           3,384                                                     3,384


 Estimated accumulated claims
     expenses                            3,384      3,207       3,385           3,304   3,243     16,523
 Less: cumulative claims paid            (3,384)   (3,207)      (3,385)       (2,964)   (1,907)   (14,847)


 Subtotal                                     –         –            –           340    1,336      1,676
 Add: claims handling expenses,
     risk adjustment for non-financial
     risk and effect of discounting           –         –            –            17       68         85


 Liability for incurred claims, gross         –         –            –           357    1,404      1,761




216 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
             About New China Life        Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance    Financial Report




4.      RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(1)     Insurance risk (continued)
(d)     Claims development analysis for contracts measured under PAA (continued)
Claims development analysis for contracts measured under PAA net of reinsurance is as follows:


                                                                             Accident year

 Cumulative claims,
 net of reinsurance                                2021          2022         2023           2024       2025            Total


 End of current year                              3,704         3,274        3,202           3,368      3,182         16,730
 1 year later                                     3,603         3,525        3,498           3,236                    13,862
 2 years later                                    3,081         3,076        3,297                                      9,454
 3 years later                                    3,081         3,076                                                   6,157
 4 years later                                    3,081                                                                 3,081


 Estimated accumulated claims
     expenses                                     3,081         3,076        3,297           3,236      3,182         15,872
 Less: cumulative claims paid                     (3,081)       (3,076)      (3,297)       (2,898)     (1,875)        (14,227)


 Subtotal                                              –             –            –           338       1,307           1,645
 Add: claims handling expenses,
     risk adjustment for non-financial
     risk and effect of discounting                    –             –            –            17             68           85


 Liability for incurred claims, net                    –             –            –           355       1,375           1,730


 Recoveries on liabilities for
     incurred claims                                   –             –            –             2             29           31


 Liability for incurred claims, gross                  –             –            –           357       1,404           1,761




                                                                             FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025       217
Section 11




4.     RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)    Financial risk
The Group’s key financial risk is that proceeds from the sale of financial assets will not be sufficient to fund
obligations arising from the Group’s insurance and investment contracts. The most important components of
financial risk are market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management program focuses
on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial
performance of the Group. Risk management department, investment management department, finance and
accounting department and actuarial department are in close cooperation to identify, evaluate and avoid financial risk.


The Group manages financial risk by holding an appropriately diversified investment portfolio as permitted by laws
and regulations designed to reduce the risk of concentration in any one specific industry or issuer. The structure
of the main investment portfolio held by the Group is disclosed in Note 11.


The sensitivity analyses below are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions
constant. In practice this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated (for
example, changes in interest rate and fair values).


(a)    Market risk
(i)    Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial instruments will fluctuate due to
changes in market interest rates. The Group is exposed to interest rate risk in relation to term deposits, debt
financial assets, insurance contract issued and reinsurance contract held. Changes in the level of interest rates
can have a significant impact on the Group’s overall investment return. Many of the Group’s insurance policies
offer guaranteed returns to policyholders. These guarantees expose the Group to interest rate risk. The Group
manages and tests interest rate risk through adjustments to portfolio asset allocation, and to the extent possible,
by monitoring the mean duration of its assets and liabilities.


The sensitivity analysis for interest rate risk illustrates how the fair value of future cash flows of the financial
investments and the balance of insurance contract liabilities will fluctuate because of changes in market interest
rates at the reporting date.




218 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
               About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance    Corporate Governance     Financial Report




4.        RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)       Financial risk (continued)
(a)       Market risk (continued)
(i)       Interest rate risk (continued)
The analysis below is performed to demonstrate the reasonably possible movements if the market interest rates
change by 50bps with all other variables held constant, showing increase/(decrease) on profit and equity before
income tax.


                                                                  31 December 2025                31 December 2024
                                       Change in market             Profit                          Profit
                                       interest rates           before tax           Equity     before tax            Equity


 Financial investments                 +50bps                       (2,777)         (42,172)        (1,783)          (32,922)
 Financial investments                 – 50bps                      2,904            46,562         1,836            36,080
 Insurance contracts issued and
       reinsurance contracts held      +50bps                       1,248            65,137         1,341            61,314
 Insurance contracts issued and
       reinsurance contracts held      – 50bps                      (1,962)         (72,374)        (1,955)          (68,236)



(ii)      Price risk
Price risk arises mainly from the price volatility of equity investments held by the Group. Prices of equity investments
are determined by market forces. Most of the equity investments of the Group are in Chinese capital markets.
The Group is subject to increased price risk largely because the PRC’s capital markets are relatively volatile.


Additionally, the Group is also exposed to equity price risk from its direct participating insurance contracts and
investment contracts with discretionary participation features, as well as from its indirect participating insurance
contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held. The benefits under these contracts are linked to the fair value
of the underlying items, including equity instruments.


The Group manages price risk by holding an appropriately diversified investment portfolio as permitted by laws
and regulations designed to reduce the risk of concentration in any one specific industry or issuer.




                                                                             FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      219
Section 11




4.      RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)     Financial risk (continued)
(a)     Market risk (continued)
(ii)    Price risk (continued)
The analysis below is performed to show the impacts of changes in the prices of the Group’s equity investments
which have quoted prices in active markets by 10% with all other variables held constant, showing increase/
(decrease) on profit and equity before income tax.


                                                             31 December 2025               31 December 2024
                                  Change in equity            Profit                         Profit
                                  investments’ prices     before tax         Equity      before tax         Equity


 Equity investments               +10%                        38,784         42,637          29,964         33,026
 Equity investments               – 10%                      (38,784)        (42,637)       (29,964)       (33,026)
 Insurance contract issued        +10%                       (20,921)        (20,931)       (15,131)       (15,139)
 Insurance contract issued        – 10%                       20,921         20,931          15,131         15,139



(iii)   Currency risk
Currency risk arises from the volatility of fair values or future cash flows of financial instruments resulting from
changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Group’s currency risk exposure mainly arises from cash and
cash equivalents, term deposits, financial investments, insurance contract issued and reinsurance contract held
denominated in currencies, such as the United States dollar, Hong Kong dollar, or European dollar, etc., other
than the functional currencies of reporting entities.


For the identified currency risk, the Company took the following measures: (1) determine the risk level based on
the analysis of internal and external information, so as to determine different preventive measures; (2) evaluate
the possible frequency and degree of the loss of overseas investment in a certain period of time in the future, and
use currency risk exposure analysis and other methods to evaluate the impact of exchange rate changes on the
assets, liabilities and equity of the Group; and (3) evaluate the price risk of overseas investments comprehensively
in accordance with the level and impact of currency risk, combined with the risk appetite, to select appropriate
risk management tools to hedge risk.




220 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
              About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance       Financial Report




4.       RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)      Financial risk (continued)
(a)      Market risk (continued)
(iii)    Currency risk (continued)
The following table summarizes financial assets denominated in currencies other than RMB, expressed in RMB
equivalent:


 31 December 2025                                      USD            HKD             EUR        Others                Total


 Cash and cash equivalents                            1,622            631               –                –            2,253
 Financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                     4,636          5,823           5,239          740              16,438
 Debt investments at amortised cost                   2,193            180               –                –            2,373
 Debt investments at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                       2,699              –               –                –            2,699
 Equity investments designated at fair value
     through other comprehensive income                     –        6,012               –                –            6,012


 Total                                               11,150         12,646           5,239          740              29,775



 31 December 2024                                      USD            HKD             EUR         Others               Total


 Cash and cash equivalents                            1,260            628               –                –            1,888
 Financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                   5,320          4,516           4,480          540              14,856
 Term deposits                                              –          100               –                –             100
 Debt investments at amortised cost                   1,930            369               –                –            2,299
 Debt investments at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                       1,570              –               –                –            1,570
 Equity investments designated at fair value
     through other comprehensive income                     –        4,466               –                –            4,466


 Total                                               10,080         10,079           4,480          540              25,179




                                                                         FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025         221
Section 11




4.      RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)     Financial risk (continued)
(a)     Market risk (continued)
(iii)   Currency risk (continued)
The analysis below is performed to show the impacts if RMB had strengthened or weakened by 10% against
USD and other foreign currencies with all other variables being constant, showing increase/(decrease) on profit
and equity before income tax.


                                                              31 December 2025               31 December 2024
                                    Change in foreign
                                    currency exchange          Profit                          Profit
                                    rate                   before tax          Equity      before tax         Equity


 Financial investments              +10%                        2,106           2,978          1,914            2,518
 Financial investments              – 10%                       (2,106)        (2,978)         (1,914)        (2,518)
 Insurance contract issued          +10%                         (539)           (556)          (449)            (464)
 Insurance contract issued          – 10%                         539             556            449             464



(b)     Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial transaction or the issuer of a financial instrument will fail to
discharge an obligation and cause another party to incur a financial loss. In terms of investment vehicles, a
significant portion of the portfolio of the Group is government bonds, financial bonds, corporate bonds guaranteed
by state-owned commercial banks and large industrial groups, bank deposits with state-owned or other national
commercial banks, trust plans, debt investment plans and asset funding plans. In term of credit risk, the Group
mainly uses credit concentration as a monitoring measure in order to ensure that the whole credit risk exposure
is manageable.


In response to counterparties’ credit risk, the Group mainly took the following measures: (1) Internal rating system
was strictly implemented, and credit investment varieties were strictly controlled; (2) Accounting classification
of investment varieties was clearly defined in the investment guidelines and assets with high credit risk were
prevented from being classified as debt investments at amortised cost; (3) The bond market value was monitored,
and the possible credit default were analysed and evaluated in order to enhance the predictability. In terms of
counterparties, the majority of the Group’s counterparties are state policy-related banks, state-owned, other
national commercial banks or state-owned asset management companies. Therefore, the Group’s overall exposure
to credit risk is relatively low.




222 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement    Business Performance     Corporate Governance    Financial Report




4.    RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)   Financial risk (continued)
(b)   Credit risk (continued)
Stage of financial instruments
The Group classifies financial instruments into three stages and makes provisions for ECL accordingly, depending
on whether credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition and whether
the assets have been impaired.


•     Stage 1: If no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition is identified, the financial instrument
      is in “Stage 1”. The impairment provisions are measured based on 12-month expected credit losses;


•     Stage 2: If a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition is identified, the financial instrument is
      moved to “Stage 2” but is not yet deemed to be credit-impaired. The impairment provisions are measured
      based on expected credit losses on a lifetime basis;


•     Stage 3: If the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument is then moved to “Stage 3”.
      The impairment provisions are measured based on expected credit losses on lifetime basis.


Significant increase in credit risk
The assessment of significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition is performed at least on a quarterly
basis for financial instruments held by the Group. The Group takes into consideration all reasonable and supportable
information (including forward-looking information) that reflects significant change in credit risk for the purposes of
classifying financial instruments. The main considerations are regulatory and operating environment, internal and
external credit risk rating, debt-servicing capacity, operating capabilities, contractual terms and repayment records.
The Group compares the risk of default of a single financial instrument or a portfolio of financial instruments with
similar credit risk characteristics as at the end of the reporting period and its risk of default at the date of initial
recognition to determine changes in the risk of default over the expected lifetime of a financial instrument or a
portfolio of financial instruments.




                                                                         FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025       223
Section 11




4.     RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)    Financial risk (continued)
(b)    Credit risk (continued)
Measurement of ECL
The key inputs used for measuring ECL are probability of default, LGD and exposure at default. These figures are
generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data and they are adjusted to
reflect probability-weighted forward-looking information.


Forward-looking information
The calculation of ECL incorporates forward-looking information. The Group has performed historical data analysis
and identified Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”), Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) and other macro-economic
indicators as impacting the ECL. The impact of these economic variables on the PD and LGD has been determined
by performing statistical regression analysis to understand the correlations among the historical changes of the
economic variables, PD and LGD.


Credit risk exposure
The carrying amount of financial assets on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position represents the
maximum credit exposure without taking into account any collateral held or other credit enhancements attached.
For the information on the gross carrying amount of major financial assets and provision for expected credit losses,
please refer to Note 11(2) and (3) for details.


A policyholder usually has a maximum credit period of three months but a longer period can be granted on a
discretionary basis. The Group’s policies relate to a large number of diversified customers and therefore there is
no significant credit risk.


For reinsurance contracts held, the Group is exposed to credit risk that the reinsurers fail to discharge an obligation
resulting a financial loss to the Group. The Group believes these reinsurers have high credit quality and therefore
there is no significant credit risk.




224 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement    Business Performance   Corporate Governance    Financial Report




4.    RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)   Financial risk (continued)
(b)   Credit risk (continued)
Collateral and other credit enhancements
Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell are pledged by counterparts’ debt financial assets of which
the Group could take the ownership if the owner of the collateral defaults. Policy loans are pledged by their policies’
cash value as collateral according to the terms and conditions of policy loan contracts and policy contracts signed
between the Group and policyholders. The majority of debt investment plans and trust plans are guaranteed by
third parties, collateral or by pledge as the source of funding for repayment.


Credit quality
The credit ratings of most of the bonds held by the Group are AA or above, and the credit ratings are assessed by
qualified assessment agencies in Chinese Mainland at the time of issuance. Most of the Group’s bank deposits are
with the four largest state-owned commercial banks and other commercial banks in the PRC. The majority of the
Group’s reinsurance agreements are with state-owned reinsurance companies or large international reinsurance
companies. The Group believes these commercial banks and reinsurance companies have high credit quality. The
trustees of trust plans or the asset managers of debt investment plans and asset funding plans are well-known
trust companies and asset management companies in the PRC.


(c)   Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not have access to sufficient funds to meet its liabilities as they become
due. In the normal course of business, the Group attempts to match investment assets to insurance contract
liabilities through asset-liability management to reduce liquidity risk.




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     225
Section 11




4.       RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)      Financial risk (continued)
(c)      Liquidity risk (continued)
The table below presents a maturity analysis of the portfolios of major financial assets and financial liabilities in
the Group based on the remaining contractual undiscounted cash flows.


                                                                          Undiscounted cash flows-Cash in/(Cash out)

                                                                        Within 1 year        1-3 years         3-5 years
                                               Carrying    No stated       (including        (including        (including
 As at 31 December 2025                         amount      maturity           1 year)          3 year)           5 year)      Over 5 years


 Financial investments
 – Financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                               579,756      435,122          23,241            45,113            43,168            51,322
 – Debt investments at amortised cost           256,913            –          19,953            23,740            19,868           390,758
 – Debt investments at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                 535,968            –          34,839            56,187            44,126           711,441
 – Equity investments designated at fair
     value through other
   comprehensive income                          38,556       38,556                –                –                    –               –
 Term deposits                                  293,964            –         118,299            99,085            86,536                  –
 Statutory deposits                               1,770            –             325             1,484                    –               –
 Financial assets purchased under
     agreements to resell                        13,999            –          14,004                 –                    –               –
 Derivative financial instruments                     1           1                 –                –                    –               –
 Cash and cash equivalents                       42,898            –          42,898                 –                    –               –
 Other assets                                     4,948            –            4,948                –                    –               –


 Total financial assets                        1,768,773     473,679         258,507           225,609           193,698          1,153,521


 Borrowings                                      20,173            –             (567)         (11,134)          (10,227)                 –
 Lease liabilities                                  627            –             (283)            (307)                 (50)            (10)
 Financial liabilities at fair value through
   profit or loss                                 9,860       (9,860)               –                –                    –               –
 Financial assets sold under agreements to
     repurchase                                 193,518            –         (193,553)               –                    –               –
 Other liabilities                               21,281          (50)         (20,888)            (212)                (159)            (10)


 Total financial liabilities                    245,459       (9,910)        (215,291)         (11,653)          (10,436)               (20)




226 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
                  About New China Life         Chairman’s Statement    Business Performance        Corporate Governance                  Financial Report




4.        RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)       Financial risk (continued)
(c)       Liquidity risk (continued)
The table below presents a maturity analysis of the portfolios of major financial assets and financial liabilities in
the Group based on the remaining contractual undiscounted cash flows. (continued)


                                                                                   Undiscounted cash flows-Cash in/(Cash out)

                                                                                Within 1 year          1-3 years          3-5 years
                                                     Carrying    No stated         (including         (including          (including
 As at 31 December 2024                              amount       maturity            1 year)             3 year)               5 year)       Over 5 years


 Financial investments
 – Financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                    485,928      355,762             13,041             59,203             47,477                 18,619
 – Debt investments at amortised cost                274,891               –          21,942             23,397             18,862                418,286
 – Debt investments at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                      470,366               –          33,972             64,735             54,264                507,518
 – Equity investments designated at fair
     value through other comprehensive
     income                                           30,640          30,640                –                  –                     –                   –
 Term deposits                                       282,458               –          91,774            179,419             17,084                  7,517
 Statutory deposits                                    1,807               –             647                468                   715                    –
 Financial assets purchased under
     agreements to resell                              5,436               –           5,438                   –                     –                   –
 Cash and cash equivalents                            38,432               –          38,432                   –                     –                   –
 Other assets                                          8,660               –           8,660                   –                     –                   –


 Total financial assets                            1,598,618      386,402            213,906            327,222            138,402                951,940


 Borrowings                                           30,384               –         (10,897)             (1,134)           (20,794)                     –
 Lease liabilities                                       715               –            (314)              (334)                 (116)                 (16)
 Financial liabilities at fair value through
     profit or loss                                    8,549          (8,549)               –                  –                     –                   –
 Financial assets sold under agreements to
     repurchase                                      171,588               –        (171,639)                  –                     –                   –
 Derivative financial instruments                          4              (4)               –                  –                     –                   –
 Other liabilities                                    10,174               –           (9,787)             (266)                 (156)                 (10)


 Total financial liabilities                         221,414          (8,553)       (192,637)             (1,734)           (21,066)                   (26)




                                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                       227
Section 11




4.      RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)     Financial risk (continued)
(c)     Liquidity risk (continued)
The table below presents a maturity analysis of the portfolios of insurance contracts and reinsurance contracts
held based on the estimated timing of the remaining contractual undiscounted cash flows:


                                                                        Undiscounted cash flows-Cash in/(Cash out)

                                  Carrying    Within 1
 31 December 2025                  amount        year 1 to 2 years 2 to 3 years 3 to 4 years 4 to 5 years Over 5 years                   Total


 Reinsurance contract assets        11,065       1,271           271             255            220            234       11,670        13,921
 Insurance contract liabilities   1,532,638    42,840          1,279         (30,365)       (87,932)       (91,111)   (2,413,846)   (2,579,135)



                                                                         Undiscounted cash flows-Cash in/(Cash out)

                                   Carrying   Within 1
 31 December 2025                   amount        year   1 to 2 years    2 to 3 years   3 to 4 years   4 to 5 years Over 5 years         Total


 Reinsurance contract assets        10,812       1,217           223             185            211            216       10,816        12,868
 Insurance contract liabilities   1,366,090    28,905           (844)        (33,597)       (42,741)       (86,370)   (2,174,660)   (2,309,307)


The cash flows presented in the table above are undiscounted expected cash flows based on future benefit
payments, taking into account policyholders’ future premiums or deposits. The above estimated results are
affected by a number of assumptions. These assumptions relate to mortality, morbidity, lapse rates, non-life
insurance loss ratios, expense assumptions, and other assumptions. Actual results may differ from estimates.
Although all policyholders can exercise their right to surrender immediately and concurrently based on the terms
of the contract, the Group disclosed undiscounted estimated cash flows in the above table based on experience
and future expectations.


As at 31 December 2025, assuming the insurance contracts of carrying amount of RMB1,530,171 million (31
December 2024: RMB1,363,507 million) were surrendered immediately, the amounts of cash flow repayable on
demand are RMB1,113,119 million (31 December 2024: RMB995,332 million).




228 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




4.    RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)   Financial risk (continued)
(d)   Disclosures about interests in unconsolidated structured entities
The Group’s interests in the unconsolidated structured entities are recorded as financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss, debt investments at amortised cost, debt investments at FVTOCI. These structured entities typically
raise funds by issuing securities or other beneficiary certificates. The purpose of these structured entities is
primarily to generate management service fees or provide finance for public and private infrastructure construction.


These investments held by structured entities that the Group has interests in are guaranteed by third parties with
higher credit ratings or by pledging, or the borrowers are with higher credit ratings.


The Group has not provided any guarantee or financing support to the structured entities that the Group has
interests in or sponsored.


The unconsolidated structured entities that the Group has sponsored but had no interest were mainly asset
management plans, debt investment plans, endowment annuity products, occupational annuity products and
enterprise annuity products, etc.. The unconsolidated structured entities were sponsored by the Group for collecting
management service fees, which were recorded as other income. The Group has not transferred any assets to
these structured entities.


i)    The unconsolidated structured entities that the Group has interests in
The Group believes that the maximum risk exposure approximates the carrying amount of interests in these
unconsolidated structured entities. The size of the unconsolidated structured entities, the carrying amount of the
related assets recognised in the consolidated financial statements and the maximum risk exposure are as below:




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     229
Section 11




4.       RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)      Financial risk (continued)
(d)      Disclosures about interests in unconsolidated structured entities (continued)
i)       The unconsolidated structured entities that the Group has interests in (continued)
                                                                                        Unconsolidated structured entities

                                                                                Carrying amount             Maximum       Interest held by
31 December 2025                                                       Size             of assets     exposure of risk    the Group


Funds managed by third parties                                       Note 1              172,574               172,574    Investment income
Trust plans managed by third parties                                 Note 1                 2,053                2,053    Investment income
Debt investment plans managed by affiliated entities                  7,457                   844                  844    Investment income and
                                                                                                                              service fee
Debt investment plans managed by third parties                       Note 1                10,433               10,433    Investment income
Others managed by affiliated entities (Note 2)                      256,905                 5,025                5,025    Investment income and
                                                                                                                              service fee
Others managed by third parties (Note 2)                             Note 1                53,856               53,856    Investment income



                                                                                         Unconsolidated structured entities

                                                                                 Carrying amount             Maximum      Interest held by
31 December 2024                                                        Size            of assets      exposure of risk   the Group


Funds managed by third parties                                       Note 1              126,324               126,324    Investment income
Trust plans managed by third parties                                 Note 1                17,912               17,912    Investment income
Debt investment plans managed by affiliated entities                 12,133                 2,030                2,030    Investment income and
                                                                                                                              service fee
Debt investment plans managed by third parties                       Note 1                16,533               16,533    Investment income
Others managed by affiliated entities (Note 2)                      380,332                12,141               12,141    Investment income and
                                                                                                                              service fee
Others managed by third parties (Note 2)                             Note 1                40,164               40,164    Investment income

Note 1: Funds, trust plans, debt investment plans and others managed by third parties are sponsored by third party financial institutions and the information
        related to size of these structured entities are not publicly available.


Note 2: Others included bank wealth investment product, asset management plans, private equity investments, equity investment plans, unlisted equity
        and asset funding plans, etc.




230 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




4.    RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(2)   Financial risk (continued)
(d)   Disclosures about interests in unconsolidated structured entities (continued)
i)    The unconsolidated structured entities that the Group has interests in (continued)
As at 31 December 2025, the size of the unconsolidated structured entities that the Group sponsored but had no
interest was RMB45,073 million (31 December 2024: RMB36,633 million), which were mainly asset management
plans, debt investment plans, endowment annuity products, occupational annuity products and enterprise annuity
products etc., sponsored by the Group for collecting management service fees. In 2025, the management service
fees from these structured entities were RMB89 million (2024: RMB89 million), which were recorded as other
income. The Group has not transferred any assets to these structured entities.


(e)   Matching risk of assets and liabilities
The Group uses asset-liability management techniques to manage assets and liabilities. The techniques used include
the scenario analysis method, the cash flow matching method and the immunity method. The Group uses the above
techniques to understand the existing risk and the complex relationship from multiple perspectives, considering
the timing and amount of future cash outflow and attributes of liabilities, to comprehensively and dynamically
manage the Group’s assets and liabilities and its solvency. The Group takes measures to enhance its solvency,
including capital contribution by shareholders, issuing subordinated bonds and capital supplementary bonds,
arranging reinsurance, improving the performance of branches, optimising business structure, and establishing a
competitive cost structure.


(3)   Capital management
The Company’s objectives for managing capital, which is the actual capital calculated as the difference between
admitted assets and admitted liabilities as defined by the former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory
Commission (the “former CBIRC”, taken placed by the National Administration of Financial Regulation in May
2023), are to comply with the insurance capital requirements of the former CBIRC to meet the minimum capital
and safeguard the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern so that it can continue to provide returns for
shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders.


The Company manages its capital requirements by assessing shortfalls between actual capital and minimum
capital on a regular basis. The Company continuously and proactively monitors the business structure, and the
asset quality and allocation so as to enhance the profitability while meeting solvency requirements.




                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     231
Section 11




4.     RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(3)    Capital management (continued)
The table below summarises the core and comprehensive solvency margin ratios, core capital, actual capital and
minimum capital of the Company:


                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                  31 December          31 December
                                                                                           2025                 2024


 Core capital                                                                           201,362              156,883
 Actual capital                                                                         313,672              275,089
 Minimum capital                                                                        149,032              126,447
 Core solvency margin ratio                                                            135.11%              124.07%
 Comprehensive solvency margin ratio                                                   210.47%              217.55%



According to the evaluation results of capitalizable risks and four types of non-capitalizable risks, which comprise
of operational risk, strategic risk, reputation risk and liquidity risk, the former CBIRC evaluates the integrated
solvency risk of insurance companies and supervises insurance companies in categories. According to the
National Administration of Financial Regulation Solvency Supervision Information System, the comprehensive risk
assessment result of the Company in the third quarter of 2025 is BB.


(4)    Fair value hierarchy
Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time based on relevant market information and information
about financial instruments. When an active market exists, such as an authorised securities exchange, the market
value is the best reflection of the fair values of financial instruments. For financial instruments where there is no
active market, fair value is determined using valuation techniques.


As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s financial assets mainly include cash and cash equivalents, financial
assets at FVTPL, debt investments at amortised cost, debt investments at FVTOCI, equity investments designated
at FVTOCI, derivative financial instruments, term deposits, statutory deposits and financial assets purchased under
agreements to resell.


The Group’s financial liabilities mainly include financial liabilities at FVTPL, financial assets sold under agreements
to repurchase, derivative financial instruments, borrowings and other liabilities in 2024 and 2025.




232 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement    Business Performance   Corporate Governance    Financial Report




4.    RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(4)   Fair value hierarchy (continued)
Level 1 fair value is based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that
the entity can obtain at the measurement date.


Level 2 fair value is based on valuation techniques using significant inputs, other than level 1 quoted prices, that
are observable for the asset being measured, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the assets
through corroboration with observable market data. Observable inputs generally used to measure the fair value
of financial assets classified as level 2 include quoted market prices for similar assets in active markets; quoted
market prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets and other market observable inputs.


For level 2 financial instruments, valuations are generally obtained from third party pricing services for identical
or comparable assets, or through the use of valuation methodologies using observable market inputs, or recent
quoted market prices. Valuation service providers typically gather, analyse and interpret information related to
market transactions and other key valuation model inputs from multiple sources, and through the use of widely
accepted internal valuation models, provide a theoretical quote on various securities. Debt securities traded among
the Chinese interbank market are classified as level 2 when they are valued at recent quoted price from the
Chinese interbank market or from valuation service providers. Substantially most financial instruments classified
within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy are debt investments denominated in RMB. Fair value of debt investments
denominated in RMB is determined based upon the valuation results by the China Central Depository & Clearing
Co., Ltd. and China Securities Index Co., Ltd.. All significant inputs are observable in the market.


Under certain conditions, the Group may not receive any price from independent third-party pricing service providers.
In this instance, the Group may choose to apply internally developed values to the assets being measured. In such
cases, the valuations are generally classified as level 3. Key inputs involved in internal valuation are not based
on observable market data, and reflect assumptions made by management based on judgments and experience.


Level 3 fair value is based on the Group’s valuation models, such as discounted cash flows and comparable
companies approach. The Group also considers the original transaction price, recent transactions of the same or
similar instruments and completed third-party transactions in comparable instruments. It adjusts the model as
deemed necessary for factors such as extension, early redemption, liquidity, default risk and changes in market,
economic or company specific conditions.




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     233
Section 11




4.       RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(4)      Fair value hierarchy (continued)
The following table provides the significant unobservable inputs used for financial assets at fair value classified
as level 3 as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024:


                                                                       Significant unobservable               Relationship between unobservable
As at 31 December 2025              Fair value Valuation technique     inputs                           Range inputs and fair value


 Financial assets at FVTPL
   – Stocks                              500    Asian option model     Liquidity discount         1.76%-11.15%   The higher the liquidity discount,
                                                                                                                   the lower the fair value
   – Debt investment plans              2,344   Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                    5.80%    The higher the discount rate, the lower
                                                  method                                                           the fair value
   – Asset funding plans                1,226   Discounted cash flow   Discount rate               2.60%-5.60%   The higher the discount rate, the lower
                                                  method                                                           the fair value
   – Equity investment plans           22,103   Discounted cash flow   Discount rate               3.06%-6.40%   The higher the discount rate, the lower
                                                  method                                                           the fair value
   – Unlisted equity investments        7,334   Comparable companies   Liquidity discount              33.00%    The higher the liquidity discount,
                                                  approach                                                         the lower the fair value
   – Private equity investments        14,063   Fund net assets        Net assets                            /   The higher the net assets, the higher
                                                                                                                   the fair value
   – Structured deposits                 365    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate               5.28%-7.64%   The higher the discount rate, the lower
                                                  method                                                           the fair value

 Debt investments at FVTOCI
  – Trust plans                         1,156   Discounted cash flow   Discount rate               4.34%-8.68%   The higher the discount rate, the lower
                                                  method                                                           the fair value
   – Debt investment plans              2,846   Discounted cash flow   Discount rate               2.24%-5.22%   The higher the discount rate, the lower
                                                  method                                                           the fair value
   – Asset funding plans                 195    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                    2.99%    The higher the discount rate, the lower
                                                  method                                                           the fair value

 Equity investments designated at
   FVTOCI
   – Unlisted equity investments           24   Comparable companies Liquidity discount                33.00%    The higher the liquidity discount, the
                                                 approach                                                          lower the fair value




234 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
                   About New China Life    Chairman’s Statement           Business Performance          Corporate Governance              Financial Report




4.       RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(4)      Fair value hierarchy (continued)
The following table provides the significant unobservable inputs used for financial assets at fair value classified
as level 3 as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024: (continued)


                                                                          Significant unobservable              Relationship between unobservable
As at 31 December 2024                Fair value Valuation technique      inputs                          Range inputs and fair value


 Financial assets at FVTPL
   – Stocks                                   1    Asian option model     Liquidity discount         3.28%-6.08%   The higher the liquidity discount, the lower
                                                                                                                     the fair value
   – Stocks                                  77    Comparable companies   Liquidity discount             33.00%    The higher the liquidity discount, the lower
                                                     approach                                                        the fair value
   – Trust plans                           9,688   Discounted cash flow   Discount rate              3.34%-5.81%   The higher the discount rate, the lower the
                                                     method                                                          fair value
   – Debt investment plans                 3,402   Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                   5.80%    The higher the discount rate, the lower the
                                                     method                                                          fair value
   – Asset funding plans                   1,088   Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                   5.60%    The higher the discount rate, the lower the
                                                     method                                                          fair value
   – Equity investment plans              20,174   Discounted cash flow   Discount rate              3.06%-7.10%   The higher the discount rate, the lower the
                                                     method                                                          fair value
   – Unlisted equity investments           7,337   Comparable companies   Liquidity discount             33.00%    The higher the liquidity discount, the lower
                                                     approach                                                        the fair value
   – Private equity investments           14,065   Fund net assets        Net assets                           /   The higher the net assets, the higher the fair
                                                                                                                     value
   – Structured deposits                    364    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate              5.85%-8.40%   The higher the discount rate, the lower the
                                                     method                                                          fair value

 Debt investments at FVTOCI
  – Trust plans                            3,216   Discounted cash flow   Discount rate              4.34%-8.68%   The higher the discount rate, the lower the
                                                     method                                                          fair value
   – Debt investment plans                 5,018   Discounted cash flow   Discount rate              3.86%-6.53%   The higher the discount rate, the lower the
                                                     method                                                          fair value
   – Asset funding plans                    200    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate              2.99%-5.30%   The higher the discount rate, the lower the
                                                     method                                                          fair value

 Equity investments designated at
   FVTOCI
   – Unlisted equity investments             22    Comparable companies   Liquidity discount             33.00%    The higher the liquidity discount, the lower
                                                     approach                                                        the fair value




                                                                                               FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                     235
Section 11




4.     RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(4)    Fair value hierarchy (continued)
(a)    Assets and liabilities measured at fair value
The following table provides the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s assets and liabilities measured
at fair value as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024:


                                                           Inputs to fair value measurement

                                          Quoted prices        Significant       Significant
                                               in active       observable     unobservable
                                                markets             inputs            inputs
 As at 31 December 2025                          Level 1           Level 2           Level 3             Total


 Assets
 Financial assets at FVTPL                      345,038           186,783             47,935          579,756
 Debt investments at FVTOCI                        2,701          529,070              4,197          535,968
 Equity investments designated
     at FVTOCI                                    38,532                 –                24           38,556
 Derivative financial instruments                      –                 1                 –                 1


 Total                                          386,271           715,854             52,156        1,154,281


 Liabilities
 Financial liabilities at FVTPL                        –             9,860                 –             9,860


 Total                                                 –             9,860                 –             9,860




236 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance       Corporate Governance   Financial Report




4.     RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(4)    Fair value hierarchy (continued)
(a)    Assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
                                                               Inputs to fair value measurement

                                             Quoted prices         Significant             Significant
                                                  in active        observable           unobservable
                                                   markets              inputs                 inputs
 As at 31 December 2024                            Level 1             Level 2                Level 3               Total


 Assets
 Financial assets at FVTPL                         293,638            136,094                 56,196            485,928
 Debt investments at FVTOCI                          1,569            460,363                   8,434           470,366
 Equity investments designated
     at FVTOCI                                      30,618                      –                  22             30,640


 Total                                             325,825            596,457                 64,652            986,934


 Liabilities
 Financial liabilities at FVTPL                            –            8,549                       –              8,549
 Derivative financial instruments                          –                    4                   –                   4


 Total                                                     –            8,553                       –              8,553



The Group recognised transfers between each level at the time when the transfers occurred. The transfers
between Level 1 and Level 2 are mainly caused by changes of market conditions that affect whether the Group
could obtain quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets.


During the year ended 31 December 2025, no financial instruments measured at fair value were transferred
between Level 1 and Level 2 (during the year ended 31 December 2024: same).




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025         237
Section 11




4.     RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(4)    Fair value hierarchy (continued)
(a)    Assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
The changes in Level 3 financial assets are analysed below:


                                                                                  Equity
                                              Financial             Debt     investments
                                                 assets       investments     designated
                                              at FVTPL         at FVTOCI      at FVTOCI      Total


 1 January 2025                                  56,196             8,434            22    64,652
 Purchase                                         4,548                 –              –    4,548
 Recognised in profit or loss                    (1,713)                3              –    (1,710)
 Recognised in other comprehensive
     income                                            –           (1,633)            2     (1,631)
 Maturity/disposals                             (11,096)           (2,607)             –   (13,703)


 31 December 2025                                47,935             4,197            24    52,156



                                                                                  Equity
                                               Financial            Debt     investments
                                                 assets       investments     designated
                                               at FVTPL         at FVTOCI      at FVTOCI     Total


 1 January 2024                                  48,278            28,833            19    77,130
 Purchase                                        10,059              192               –   10,251
 Recognised in profit or loss                        (48)             (90)             –      (138)
 Recognised in other comprehensive
     income                                            –             (942)            3       (939)
 Maturity/disposals                               (2,093)         (19,559)             –   (21,652)


 31 December 2024                                56,196             8,434            22    64,652




238 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life    Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance       Corporate Governance   Financial Report




4.    RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
(4)   Fair value hierarchy (continued)
(b)   Assets and liabilities for which fair values are disclosed
The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities not measured at fair value approximate to their fair values, except
for the assets and liabilities disclosed in the following tables.


                                                                    As at 31 December 2025

                                                    Level 1            Level 2                Level 3               Total


 Assets
 Debt investments at amortised cost                       848          295,110                  7,320            303,278
 Investment properties                                      –                    –             14,302              14,302


 Total                                                    848          295,110                 21,622            317,580


 Liabilities
 Borrowings                                                 –           20,424                       –             20,424
 Investment contract liabilities                            –                    –                626                 626


 Total                                                      –           20,424                    626              21,050



                                                                    As at 31 December 2024

                                                     Level 1            Level 2                Level 3               Total


 Assets
 Debt investments at amortised cost                       660          321,561                 18,133            340,354
 Investment properties                                      –                    –             11,888              11,888


 Total                                                    660          321,561                 30,021            352,242


 Liabilities
 Borrowings                                                 –           30,687                       –             30,687
 Investment contract liabilities                            –                    –                857                 857


 Total                                                      –           30,687                    857              31,544




                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025         239
Section 11




5.     SEGMENT INFORMATION
(1)    Operating segments
The Group operates in three operating segments:


(i)    Traditional insurance
Traditional insurance is insurance business without participation features. Traditional insurance mainly includes
traditional life insurance, health insurance and accident insurance. Reinsurance related to traditional insurance is
included in traditional insurance.


(ii)   Participating insurance
Participating insurance is insurance business with direct participation features. Reinsurance related to participating
insurance business is included in participating insurance.


(iii) Other business
Other business of the Group mainly includes universal life business, investment management business and
unallocated other income and expenses of the Group.


(2)    Allocation basis of income and expense
Insurance service revenue and expenses, investment income directly attributable to segments will be allocated
directly to each segment. Fixed and variable overheads directly attributable to insurance contracts will be allocated
to each segment on a systematic and rational basis. Other expenses that are not directly attributable to insurance
and reinsurance contract portfolios are not allocated but assigned to other business operating segments directly.


(3)    Allocation basis of assets and liabilities
Insurance business assets and liabilities, investment assets and liabilities directly attributable to operating segments
will be directly allocated to each segment. Other assets and liabilities including statutory deposits, investment
properties, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets, borrowings, lease liabilities and
other liabilities are not allocated but assigned to other business operating segments directly.


(4)    Information about major customers and locations
Substantially all of the Group’s revenues are derived from its operations in the PRC. Substantially all of the Group’s
assets are located in the PRC. All of the Group’s operating revenues are deemed as external except for those
presented as inter-segment revenue.




240 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance    Corporate Governance    Financial Report




5.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(5)   Segment analysis
                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                      Traditional Participating
                                       Insurance     Insurance              Others       Elimination            Total


 REVENUES
 Insurance revenue                         41,429            8,526               342               –           50,297
 Interest income                           16,776           14,130             1,609               –           32,515
 Other investment income                   29,305           38,661             4,101               –           72,067
 Other income                                (143)             (10)            1,889          (1,064)             672


 Total revenues                            87,367           61,307             7,941          (1,064)        155,551


 BENEFITS, CLAIMS AND
   EXPENSES
 Insurance service expenses               (28,751)          (3,789)             (272)         1,064           (31,748)
 Net expenses from reinsurance
   contracts held                            (415)               –                  –              –             (415)
 Finance expenses from insurance
   contracts issued                       (24,652)         (49,607)            (3,903)             –          (78,162)
 Less: Finance income from
   reinsurance contracts held                 324                –                  –              –              324
 Net impairment losses on
   financial assets                          (511)          (2,756)              (212)             –           (3,479)
 Other expenses                                 –                –             (3,695)             –           (3,695)


 Total benefits, claims and
  expenses                                (54,005)         (56,152)            (8,082)        1,064         (117,175)


 Share of profits and losses of
  associates and joint ventures              4,698             945                16               –            5,659
 Other finance costs                        (1,427)         (1,128)             (955)              –           (3,510)


 Profit before income tax                  36,633            4,972             (1,080)             –           40,525


 Other segment information:
 Capital expenditure                             –               –             1,482               –            1,482
 Depreciation and amortisation              (1,371)           (181)             (250)              –           (1,802)




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      241
Section 11




5.     SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(5)    Segment analysis (continued)
                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                   Traditional    Participating
                                   Insurance        Insurance       Others    Elimination       Total


 REVENUES
 Insurance revenue                    40,313            7,168          331             –      47,812
 Interest income                      14,214           15,962        1,741             –      31,917
 Other investment income              21,637           25,678        3,900             –      51,215
 Other income                             82                7        1,894          (883)      1,100


 Total revenues                       76,246           48,815        7,866          (883)    132,044


 BENEFITS, CLAIMS AND
   EXPENSES
 Insurance service expenses          (28,144)           (4,157)       (157)          883      (31,575)
 Net expenses from reinsurance
   contracts held                        (335)               –           –               –       (335)
 Finance expenses from insurance
   contracts issued                  (20,250)          (37,870)     (3,065)              –    (61,185)
 Less: Finance income from
   reinsurance contracts held               338              –           –               –       338
 Net impairment losses on
   financial assets                    (1,521)          (1,576)       (318)              –     (3,415)
 Other expenses                             –                –      (3,903)              –     (3,903)


 Total benefits, claims and
  expenses                           (49,912)          (43,603)     (7,443)          883     (100,075)


 Share of profits and losses of
  associates and joint ventures             662           (134)          –               –       528
 Net impairment losses on other
  assets                               (1,137)             (53)          –               –     (1,190)
 Other finance costs                     (764)          (1,377)     (1,025)              –     (3,166)


 Profit before income tax             25,095             3,648        (602)              –    28,141


 Other segment information:
 Capital expenditure                        –                –       1,100               –      1,100
 Depreciation and amortisation         (1,348)            (199)       (301)              –     (1,848)




242 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement    Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




5.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(5)   Segment analysis (continued)
Segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024:


                                      Traditional Participating
 As at 31 December 2025                Insurance     Insurance                Others    Elimination             Total


 Segment assets                           937,824           788,359          173,707           (406)      1,899,484
 Segment liabilities                      870,279           765,270          152,763           (406)      1,787,906



                                        Traditional     Participating
 As at 31 December 2024                 Insurance         Insurance           Others     Elimination            Total


 Segment assets                           776,658           750,826          164,949           (136)      1,692,297
 Segment liabilities                      696,106           745,628          154,430           (136)      1,596,028




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025   243
Section 11




6.      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                      Office     Motor Construction
                                   Buildings      equipment     vehicles    in progress     Total


 Cost
 As at 1 January 2025                 17,924          2,181          83          2,339     22,527
 Additions                                    7         196           2          1,070      1,275
 Transfers upon completion                  341          76            –          (417)         –
 Transfer to investment
     properties, net (Note 7)           (414)              –           –         (1,276)   (1,690)
 Transfer to intangible assets
     (Note 9)                                 –            –           –          (363)      (363)
 Transfer to other assets                     –            –           –             (3)       (3)
 Disposals                                    –          (87)       (34)              –      (121)


 As at 31 December 2025               17,858          2,366          51          1,350     21,625


 Accumulated depreciation
 As at 1 January 2025                 (3,174)         (1,312)       (51)              –    (4,537)
 Charges for the year                   (476)          (216)          (8)             –      (700)
 Transfer to investment
     properties, net (Note 7)                75            –           –              –       75
 Disposals                                    –          82          27               –      109


 As at 31 December 2025               (3,575)         (1,446)       (32)              –    (5,053)


 Net book value
 As at 1 January 2025                 14,750            869          32          2,339     17,990


 As at 31 December 2025               14,283            920          19          1,350     16,572




244 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
             About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance    Corporate Governance    Financial Report




6.      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                                                               Office             Motor    Construction
                                            Buildings      equipment          vehicles      in progress             Total


 Cost
 As at 1 January 2024                         17,724            2,047              103           2,039            21,913
 Additions                                          –             153                 4            792               949
 Transfers upon completion                       118               57                 –           (175)                 –
 Transfer from/(to) investment
     properties, net (Note 7)                    182                –                 –             (45)             137
 Transfer to intangible assets
     (Note 9)                                       –               –                 –           (322)             (322)
 Transfer to other assets                           –               –                 –             (10)              (10)
 Transfer to construction in
     progress                                    (100)              –                 –             60                (40)
 Disposals                                          –             (76)              (24)              –             (100)


 As at 31 December 2024                       17,924            2,181                83          2,339            22,527


 Accumulated depreciation
 As at 1 January 2024                          (2,660)         (1,174)              (61)              –           (3,895)
 Charges for the year                            (492)           (209)              (10)              –             (711)
 Transfer from investment
     properties, net (Note 7)                     (62)              –                 –               –               (62)
 Transfer to construction in
     progress                                     40                –                 –               –               40
 Disposals                                          –              71                20               –               91


 As at 31 December 2024                        (3,174)         (1,312)              (51)              –           (4,537)


 Net book value
 As at 1 January 2024                         15,064              873                42          2,039            18,018


 As at 31 December 2024                       14,750              869                32          2,339            17,990



The Group was in the process of obtaining the legal title in respect of the ownership of buildings with an aggregate
net book value of approximately RMB228 million as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: RMB150 million).
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group has no property, plant and equipment under finance lease and held
for sale, and no significant idle property, plant and equipment.




                                                                         FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      245
Section 11




7.      INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                      2025        2024


 Cost
 Beginning of the year                                                           11,002         11,139
 Transfer from intangible assets, net (Note 9)                                    1,441               –
 Transfer from/(to) property, plant and equipment, net (Note 6)                   1,690           (137)


 End of the year                                                                 14,133         11,002


 Accumulated depreciation
 Beginning of the year                                                           (1,947)         (1,756)
 Transfer from intangible assets, net (Note 9)                                        (407)           –
 Transfer (from)/to property, plant and equipment, net (Note 6)                        (75)         62
 Charges for the year                                                                 (280)       (253)


 End of the year                                                                 (2,709)         (1,947)


 Net book value
 Beginning of the year                                                            9,055          9,383


 End of the year                                                                 11,424          9,055



Rental income from investment properties is recognised in “Other income” (Note 27).




246 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




7.    INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
According to the asset valuation report issued by JLL (Beijing) Real Estate Assets Appraisal & Consultancy Co.,
Ltd., the fair value of investment properties as at 31 December 2025 was RMB14,302 million (31 December
2024: RMB11,888 million).


The techniques used for the valuation of investment properties include the income approach and sales comparison
approach. The fair value of investment properties is categorised within Level 3. Key inputs used in measuring fair
value of investment properties include capitalization rate, market rent and unit price. As at 31 December 2025,
capitalization rate used in valuation ranges from 4.5% to 6.0% (31 December 2024: 4.5% to 6.0%), market rent
used ranges from RMB48 to RMB440 per square meter (31 December 2024: RMB51 to RMB504 per square
meter), unit price used ranges from RMB5,935 to RMB59,132 per square meter (31 December 2024: RMB7,109
to RMB68,700 per square meter). An increase in capitalization rate, decrease in market rent and unit price would
result in decrease in the fair value of investment properties, and vice versa.


The Group was in the process of obtaining the legal title in respect of the ownership of buildings with an aggregate
net book value of approximately RMB1,273 million as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: nil).


The investment properties held by the Group has no impairment as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     247
Section 11




8.      LEASES
The Group as a lessee
The Group has lease contracts for various items of buildings and others used in its operations. Leases of buildings
generally have lease terms between 1 and 10 years, while others generally have lease terms between 1 and 5 years.


The Group’s right-of-use assets include right-of-use assets disclosed in Note 8(1) and the land use rights disclosed
in Note 9.


(1)     Right-of-use assets
The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                Buildings              Others                Total


 Cost
 As at 1 January 2025                                                1,681                   3              1,684
 Additions                                                             339                   –                339
 Terminations                                                         (610)                  –                (610)


 As at 31 December 2025                                              1,410                   3              1,413


 Accumulated depreciation
 As at 1 January 2025                                                 (836)                 (1)               (837)
 Charges for the year                                                 (355)                  –                (355)
 Terminations                                                          525                   –                525


 As at 31 December 2025                                               (666)                 (1)               (667)


 Net book value
 As at 1 January 2025                                                  845                   2                847


 As at 31 December 2025                                                744                   2                746




248 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
             About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




8.      LEASES (CONTINUED)
The Group as a lessee (continued)
(1)     Right-of-use assets (continued)
                                                                    Buildings              Others                 Total


 Cost
 As at 1 January 2024                                                   1,850                   4                1,854
 Additions                                                                483                   –                  483
 Terminations                                                            (652)                  (1)               (653)


 As at 31 December 2024                                                 1,681                   3                1,684


 Accumulated depreciation
 As at 1 January 2024                                                    (971)                  (2)               (973)
 Charges for the year                                                    (405)                  –                 (405)
 Terminations                                                             540                   1                  541


 As at 31 December 2024                                                  (836)                  (1)               (837)


 Net book value
 As at 1 January 2024                                                     879                   2                  881


 As at 31 December 2024                                                   845                   2                  847




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     249
Section 11




8.     LEASES (CONTINUED)
The Group as a lessee (continued)
(2)    Lease liabilities
The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                              Buildings             Others       Total


 As at 1 January 2025                                               714                  1        715
 Additions and terminations                                         264                      –    264
 Accretion of interest recognised during the year                    10                      –     10
 Payment                                                           (362)                     –   (362)


 As at 31 December 2025                                             626                  1        627


 Current                                                            265                      –    265
 Non-current                                                        361                  1        362



                                                               Buildings            Others       Total


 As at 1 January 2024                                               759                  1        760
 Additions and terminations                                         368                      –    368
 Accretion of interest recognised during the year                    17                      –     17
 Payment                                                           (430)                     –   (430)


 As at 31 December 2024                                             714                  1        715


 Current                                                            294                      –    294
 Non-current                                                        420                  1        421




250 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
             About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




8.       LEASES (CONTINUED)
The Group as a lessee (continued)
(3)      The amounts recognised in expenditure in relation to leases are as follows:
                                                                                             2025                 2024


 Interest on lease liabilities                                                                 10                   17
 Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets                                                  355                  405
 Expense relating to short-term leases and low value assets                                    73                   58


 Total expenditure                                                                            438                  480



(4)      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total cash outflow for leases was RMB435 million (for the year
         ended 31 December 2024: RMB488 million) and future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet
         paid are RMB650 million (for the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB780 million).


The Group as a lessor
The Group leases its investment properties (Note 7) under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases
generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent adjustments according to the
prevailing market conditions. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year was RMB271 million (for
the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB321 million), details of which are included in Note 27 to the financial
statements.


At 31 December 2025, the undiscounted lease payments receivables by the Group in future periods under non-
cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:


                                                                                            As at                As at
                                                                                    31 December          31 December
                                                                                             2025                 2024


 Within 1 year (including 1 year)                                                             237                  253
 Between 1 year and 2 years (including 2 years)                                               185                  193
 Between 2 and 3 years (including 3 years)                                                    143                  130
 Between 3 and 4 years (including 4 years)                                                     94                   94
 Between 4 and 5 years (including 5 years)                                                     67                   58
 More than 5 years                                                                            414                  285


 Total                                                                                      1,140                1,013




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     251
Section 11




9.      INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                              Computer
                                               software          Land
                                              and others    use rights    Total


 Cost
 As at 1 January 2025                              3,580        3,396     6,976
 Additions                                           65           120       185
 Transfer from property, plant and
     equipment (Note 6)                             363              –      363
 Transfer to investment properties (Note 7)            –        (1,441)   (1,441)


 As at 31 December 2025                            4,008        2,075     6,083


 Accumulated amortization
 As at 1 January 2025                             (2,196)        (726)    (2,922)
 Amortization                                       (356)          (84)    (440)
 Transfer to investment properties (Note 7)            –          407       407


 As at 31 December 2025                           (2,552)        (403)    (2,955)


 Net book value
 As at 1 January 2025                              1,384        2,670     4,054


 As at 31 December 2025                            1,456        1,672     3,128




252 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
             About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




9.      INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
                                                                   Computer
                                                                    software                 Land
                                                                   and others           use rights                Total


 Cost
 As at 1 January 2024                                                   3,175               3,396                6,571
 Additions                                                                 83                   –                   83
 Transfer from property, plant and
     equipment (Note 6)                                                   322                   –                  322


 As at 31 December 2024                                                 3,580               3,396                6,976


 Accumulated amortization
 As at 1 January 2024                                                  (1,867)               (641)              (2,508)
 Amortization                                                            (329)                (85)                (414)


 As at 31 December 2024                                                (2,196)               (726)              (2,922)


 Net book value
 As at 1 January 2024                                                   1,308               2,755                4,063


 As at 31 December 2024                                                 1,384               2,670                4,054



The Group has obtained the legal titles in respect of the entire ownership of land use rights as at 31 December
2025 and 2024.




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     253
Section 11




10. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
                                                                     For the year ended 31 December

                                                                              2025             2024


 Beginning of the year                                                       30,245           5,174
 Additions                                                                   32,589          25,000
 Dividends from investments in associates and joint ventures                   (172)            (33)
 Share of profit or loss                                                      2,255             528
 Share of other comprehensive income                                            836             775
 Share of other reserves                                                       (120)            (12)
 Currency translation differences                                                 –               3
 Impairment losses                                                                –          (1,190)


 End of the year                                                             65,633          30,245


Details of investments in associates and joint ventures
                                                                          As at 31         As at 31
                                                                         December         December
                                                                             2025             2024


 Associates
 Bank of Hangzhou Co., Ltd. (“Hangzhou Bank”)(1)                              6,715               –
 Beijing Enterprises Holdings Limited (“Beijing Holdings”)(2)                 4,651               –
 China Jinmao Holdings Group Limited (“China Jinmao”)                         1,495           1,639
 Allinpay Network Services Co., Ltd. (“ALL IN PAY”)                             809             783
 Beijing Zijin Century Real Estate Co., Ltd. (“Zijin Century”)                  734             732
 New China Capital International Limited
   (“New China Capital International”)                                         163              164
 Beijing MJ Health Screening Center Co., Ltd.                                   14               12

 Joint ventures
 Honghu Zhiyuan (Shanghai) Private Equity Investment
   Fund Co., Ltd. (“Honghu Zhiyuan”)                                         28,720          26,358
 Guofeng Xinghua Honghu Zhiyuan Private Securities Investment Fund
   II(“Honghu II”)                                                           10,586               –
 Guofeng Xinghua Honghu Zhiyuan No.1 Private Securities
   Investment Fund III (“Honghu III No.1”)                                   11,185               –
 New China Life Excellent Health Investment
   Management Co., Ltd. (“New China Health”)                                   529              550
 Guofeng Xinghua (Beijing) Private Equity Fund
   Management Co., Ltd. (“Guofeng Xinghua”)                                      32               7


 Total                                                                       65,633          30,245




254 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




10. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
    (CONTINUED)
Details of investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
(1)   The Group obtained significant influence over Hangzhou Bank following the approval of a director appointment
      and accordingly accounted for it as an associate using the equity method. The Group assessed the net fair
      value of Hangzhou Bank’s identifiable assets and liabilities on the acquisition date. The Group’s share of the
      net fair value of Hangzhou Bank’s identifiable assets and liabilities exceeded the cost of the investment in
      Hangzhou Bank by RMB1,206 million. The Group adjusted its carrying amount of investment in Hangzhou
      Bank accordingly.


(2)   The Group obtained significant influence over Beijing Holdings following the approval of a director appointment
      and accordingly accounted for it as an associate using the equity method. The Group assessed the net fair
      value of Beijing Holdings’ identifiable assets and liabilities on the acquisition date. The Group’s share of the
      net fair value of Beijing Holdings’ identifiable assets and liabilities exceeded, the cost of the investment
      in Beijing Holdings by RMB2,198 million. The Group adjusted its carrying amount of investment in Beijing
      Holdings accordingly.


As at 31 December 2025, accumulated impairment recognised on investments in associates and joint ventures
amounted to RMB1,190 million (31 December 2024: RMB1,190 million). The Group performs impairment testing
when indicators of impairment exist. An impairment loss is recognised when the recoverable amount of the
investment falls below its carrying amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of its fair value less costs to
sell and value in use.


There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interests in the associates and joint ventures.




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     255
Section 11




10. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
    (CONTINUED)
Details of investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
                                                                                 Percentage of ownership interest
                                                                                and voting rights held by the Group

                                                                                        For the           For the
                                                                                 financial year     financial year
                                   Place of incorporation/ Principal place of         ended 31          ended 31                               Measurement
  Name of entity                   registration            business             December 2025 December 2024 Principal activities               method


  Associates
  Hangzhou Bank (1)                Hangzhou, PRC           PRC                           5.00%                  – Commercial bank              Equity
                            (1)
  Beijing Holdings                 Hong Kong, PRC          PRC and Germany               6.38%             4.02% Gas operation, etc            Equity
                      (1)
  China Jinmao                     Hong Kong, PRC          PRC                           9.03%             9.03% Real estate development       Equity
  ALL IN PAY (1)                   Shanghai, PRC           PRC                           9.07%             9.07% 3rd-party payment, etc.       Equity
  Zijin Century                    Beijing, PRC            PRC                          24.00%            24.00% Real estate development, etc. Equity
  New China Capital                Cayman Islands          PRC                          39.86%            39.86% Asset management              Equity
      International
  Beijing MJ Health                Beijing, PRC            PRC                          30.00%            30.00% Medical services, etc.        Equity
      Screening Center Co., Ltd.


  Joint ventures
  Honghu Zhiyuan                   Shanghai, PRC           PRC                          50.00%            50.00% Asset management, etc.        Equity
               (2)
  Honghu II                        Beijing, PRC            PRC                          50.00%                  – Asset management, etc.       Equity
                            (2)
  Honghu III No.1                  Beijing, PRC            PRC                          50.00%                  – Asset management, etc.       Equity
  New China Health                 Beijing, PRC            PRC                          45.00%            45.00% Asset management, etc.        Equity
  Guofeng Xinghua                  Beijing, PRC            PRC                          50.00%            50.00% Asset management, etc.        Equity


(1)        Notwithstanding holding less than 20 percent of the voting rights in these entities, the Group has the power to participate in their financial
           and operating policy decisions through direct representation on boards of directors. Accordingly, the Group has significant influence over these
           investees and accounts for them using equity method.


(2)        During the year, the Group subscribed for units in Honghu II and Honghu III No.1 initiated by Guofeng Xinghua. Pursuant to the fund agreement,
           the Group and China Life Insurance Company Limited jointly control the funds and therefore, the Group accounted for them as joint ventures
           under the equity method.




256 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
            About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement    Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




10. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
    (CONTINUED)
Material associate investment
The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information in respect of the material associate investment
in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                 As at/For the year
                                                                                                ended 31 December
 Hangzhou Bank                                                                                                 2025


 Total assets                                                                                               2,361,655
 Total liabilities                                                                                          2,197,278


 Equity attributable to shareholders of Hangzhou Bank                                                         164,377
 Less: Perpetual bonds                                                                                        (30,116)


 Equity attributable to ordinary share holders of Hangzhou Bank                                               134,261


 The Group’s share of net assets of Hangzhou Bank                                                                6,715
 Adjustments                                                                                                         –


 Carrying amount of the investment in Hangzhou Bank                                                              6,715


 Revenues                                                                                                        9,919
 Profit for the year                                                                                             2,953
 Dividends received                                                                                                138



The fair value of the Group’s investment in Hangzhou Bank as at 31 December 2025 was RMB5,540 million, of
which the fair value hierarchy is classified as Level 1.




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     257
Section 11




10. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
    (CONTINUED)
Material joint venture investments
The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information in respect of the material joint venture
investments in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                   As at/For the
                                                        As at/For the year ended                  year ended 31
                                                             31 December 2025                     December 2024

                                           Honghu Zhiyuan          Honghu II    Honghu III No.1   Honghu Zhiyuan


 Total assets                                      58,906             21,180            22,378             53,376
 Including: Cash and cash equivalents                    –                 –                  –                    2
 Total liabilities                                  1,466                  9                 9                660


 Total equity                                      57,440             21,171            22,369             52,716


 The Group’s share of net assets                   28,720             10,586            11,185             26,358
 Adjustments                                             –                 –                  –                    –


 Carrying amount of the investments                28,720             10,586            11,185             26,358


 Revenues                                           2,982                964               673                465
 Interest income                                        19                11                 8                 80
 Income tax expense                                  (462)                 –                  –               (51)
 Profit for the year                                2,462                951               661                410
 Other comprehensive income for the year            2,262               221               (790)            (1,302)
 Total comprehensive income for the year            4,724              1,172              (129)              (892)
 Dividends received                                      –                 –                  –                    –




258 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
                   About New China Life      Chairman’s Statement         Business Performance          Corporate Governance    Financial Report




11. FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS
(1)        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                                      As at             As at
                                                                                                          31 December           31 December
                                                                                                                       2025              2024


  Bonds
        Government bonds                                                                                              8,913               178
        Financial bonds                                                                                             12,784             18,675
        Corporate bonds                                                                                             35,991             15,172
        Subordinated bonds                                                                                          74,902             94,261
      Funds                                                                                                       172,574            126,324
      Stocks                                                                                                      168,261            140,715
      Equity investment plans                                                                                       22,103             20,174
      Perpetual bonds                                                                                               16,252              6,775
      Private equity investments                                                                                    14,063             14,065
      Bank wealth investment products                                                                               14,028              1,011
      Certificates of deposit                                                                                       11,893              1,880
      Preferred shares                                                                                                9,659             9,462
      Unlisted equity investments                                                                                     7,334             7,337
      Asset management plans                                                                                          7,000            15,302
      Trust plans                                                                                                           –           9,688
      Others (i)                                                                                                      3,999             4,909


  Total                                                                                                           579,756            485,928


  Listed                                                                                                          259,728            218,531
  Unlisted                                                                                                        320,028            267,397


  Total                                                                                                           579,756            485,928


(i)        Others mainly include depository receipts, debt investment plans, asset funding plans and structured deposits.




                                                                                            FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025        259
Section 11




11. FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED)
(2)      Debt investments at amortised cost
                                                    As at          As at
                                              31 December    31 December
                                                     2025           2024


 Bonds
   Government bonds                               237,575        246,842
   Financial bonds                                  4,161          3,851
   Corporate bonds                                  7,326          7,963
   Subordinated bonds                                 603            622
 Debt investment plans                              9,569         11,958
 Trust plans                                        2,248          6,090
 Asset funding plans                                  266            465


 Subtotal                                         261,748        277,791
 Less: Allowance for impairment losses             (4,835)        (2,900)


 Total                                            256,913        274,891


 Listed                                           123,676        121,413
 Unlisted                                         133,237        153,478


 Total                                            256,913        274,891




260 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life    Chairman’s Statement    Business Performance       Corporate Governance   Financial Report




11. FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED)
(2)   Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, movements of the allowance for impairment losses on debt
investments at amortised cost are as follows:


                                                                        Stage 2               Stage 3
                                                   Stage 1            (Lifetime             (Lifetime
                                                (12-month ECL-not credit–                 ECL-credit–
                                                         ECL)         impaired)             impaired)               Total


 1 January 2025
 Allowance for impairment losses                            6               914                 1,980               2,900
 Transfer to:
   – Stage 3                                                –              (103)                  103                    –
 (Reversal)/charge for the year                            (2)             (811)                2,748               1,935


 31 December 2025
 Allowance for impairment losses                            4                    –              4,831               4,835


 31 December 2025
 Total balance                                     253,272                       –              8,476            261,748



                                                                        Stage 2               Stage 3
                                                   Stage 1             (Lifetime             (Lifetime
                                                 (12-month       ECL-not credit–          ECL-credit–
                                                         ECL)          impaired)             impaired)               Total


 1 January 2024
 Allowance for impairment losses                          87                     2                386                 475
 Transfer to:
   – Stage 2                                              (55)               55                      –                   –
 (Reversal)/charge for the year                           (26)              857                 1,594               2,425


 31 December 2024
 Allowance for impairment losses                            6               914                 1,980               2,900


 31 December 2024
 Total balance                                     268,988                6,303                 2,500            277,791




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025        261
Section 11




11. FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED)
(3)      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                 As at         As at
                                                           31 December   31 December
                                                                  2025          2024


 Bonds
   Government bonds                                            448,135       352,705
   Financial bonds                                              37,464        57,741
   Corporate bonds                                              35,365        40,275
   Subordinated bonds                                           10,807        11,211
 Debt investment plans                                           2,846         5,018
 Trust plans                                                     1,156         3,216
 Asset funding plans                                               195           200


 Total                                                         535,968       470,366


 Listed                                                        191,301       180,442
 Unlisted                                                      344,667       289,924


 Total                                                         535,968       470,366




262 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life    Chairman’s Statement    Business Performance       Corporate Governance   Financial Report




11. FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED)
(3)   Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, movements of the allowance for impairment losses on debt
investments at FVTOCI are as follows:


                                                                        Stage 2               Stage 3
                                                   Stage 1            (Lifetime             (Lifetime
                                                (12-month ECL-not credit–                 ECL-credit–
                                                         ECL)         impaired)             impaired)               Total


 1 January 2025
 Allowance for impairment losses                          21                331                 2,159               2,511
 Transfer to:
   – Stage 3                                                –               (23)                   23                    –
 (Reversal)/charge for the year                            (5)             (308)                1,870               1,557


 31 December 2025
 Allowance for impairment losses                          16                     –              4,052               4,068


 31 December 2025
 Carrying value                                    534,783                       –              1,185            535,968



                                                                        Stage 2               Stage 3
                                                   Stage 1             (Lifetime             (Lifetime
                                                 (12-month       ECL-not credit–          ECL-credit–
                                                         ECL)          impaired)             impaired)               Total


 1 January 2024
 Allowance for impairment losses                          42                     4              1,524               1,570
 Transfer to:
   – Stage 2                                               (2)                   2                   –                   –
 (Reversal)/charge for the year                           (19)              325                   635                 941


 31 December 2024
 Allowance for impairment losses                          21                331                 2,159               2,511


 31 December 2024
 Carrying value                                    466,484                2,332                 1,550            470,366




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025        263
Section 11




11. FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED)
(4)       Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                                    31 December         31 December
                                                                                           2025                2024


  Listed stocks                                                                            38,532              30,618
  Unlisted equity investments                                                                  24                  22


  Total                                                                                    38,556              30,640


(i)       For equity investments which are not held for trading but for long-term investments, the Group has irrevocably
          elected to recognise them in such category at initial recognition.


(ii)      For the consideration of optimizing asset allocation, asset-liability management and adjustment of investment
          strategies, the Group disposed of equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive
          income amounted to RMB1,893 million in the current year. In addition, the Group transferred part of equity
          investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income into investment in associates
          amounted to RMB1,245 million in the current year. The cumulative losses of RMB135 million on those
          transactions were transferred from other comprehensive income to retained earnings (for the year ended
          31 December 2024: nil).


(iii)     In the current year, dividend income from equity investments designated at FVTOCI was RMB2,123 million(for
          the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB1,170 million).


12. TERM DEPOSITS
The due dates of the term deposits are as follows:


                                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                                    31 December         31 December
  Maturity                                                                                 2025                2024


  Within 1 year (including 1 year)                                                        114,633              88,554
  After 1 year but within 3 years (including 3 years)                                      92,189             170,349
  After 3 years but within 5 years (including 5 years)                                     87,215              16,143
  After 5 years                                                                                 –               7,504


  Subtotal                                                                                294,037             282,550
  Less: loss allowances                                                                       (73)                (92)


  Total                                                                                   293,964             282,458


264 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
            About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




13. STATUTORY DEPOSITS
The due dates of the statutory deposits are as follows:


                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                   31 December          31 December
 Maturity                                                                                   2025                 2024


 Within 1 year (including 1 year)                                                            336                  672
 After 1 year but within 3 years (including 3 years)                                       1,434                  426
 After 3 years but within 5 years (including 5 years)                                          –                  709


 Total                                                                                     1,770                1,807



According to the relevant regulations issued by the former CBIRC, statutory deposits can only be used by insurance
companies to discharge debt upon liquidation.


14. FINANCIAL ASSETS PURCHASED UNDER AGREEMENTS TO
    RESELL
                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                   31 December          31 December
                                                                                            2025                 2024


 By market
 Stock exchange                                                                           13,409                5,436
 Inter-bank market                                                                           590                     –


 Total                                                                                    13,999                5,436


 By collateral
 Bonds                                                                                    13,999                5,436




                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     265
Section 11




15. INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND REINSURANCE
    CONTRACT ASSETS
(1)          Insurance contract liabilities
The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening to the closing balances of the net liability for the
remaining coverage and the liability for incurred claims for insurance contracts.


                                                                      Contracts not measured under the PAA                                            Contracts measured under the PAA
                                                      Liability for remaining coverage                                    Liability for remaining coverage         Liability for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                                                  Estimates of
                                                                                                                                                                 present value Risk adjustment
                                                           Excluding                  Liability for                           Excluding                          of future cash for non-financial
 2025                                               loss component Loss component incurred claims                Total loss component Loss component                      flows              risk          Total

 Opening liabilities                                     1,343,512               7,453           12,542      1,363,507              447                222              1,869                      45     2,583
 Opening assets                                                  –                   –                –              –                –                  –                  –                       –         –

 Net opening balance                                     1,343,512               7,453           12,542      1,363,507              447                222              1,869                      45     2,583

 Insurance revenue
 Contracts under the modified retrospective
    approach                                               (34,018)                  –                –        (34,018)               –                      –               –                       –         –
 Contracts under the fair value approach                    (2,174)                  –                –         (2,174)               –                      –               –                       –         –
 Other contracts                                           (10,437)                  –                –        (10,437)          (3,668)                     –               –                       –    (3,668)

 Insurance revenue                                         (46,629)                  –                –        (46,629)          (3,668)                     –               –                       –    (3,668)

 Insurance service expenses
 Incurred claims and other insurance service
    expenses                                                     –                (472)          18,129        17,657                 –                (922)            3,316                      29     2,423
 Amortisation of insurance acquisition cash flows            9,257                   –                –         9,257             1,004                   –                 –                       –     1,004
 Losses and reversals of losses on onerous
    contracts                                                     –                356               –            356                 –                819                  –                        –      819
 Adjustment to liabilities for incurred claims                    –                  –             661            661                 –                  –               (398)                     (31)    (429)

 Insurance service expenses                                  9,257                (116)          18,790        27,931             1,004                (103)            2,918                       (2)   3,817

 Insurance service result                                  (37,372)               (116)          18,790        (18,698)          (2,664)               (103)            2,918                       (2)     149
 Insurance finance income or expenses                       70,948                 268                –         71,216                –                   –                 –                        –        –

 Total changes in the statement of
   comprehensive income                                     33,576                 152           18,790        52,518            (2,664)               (103)            2,918                       (2)     149

 Investment components                                     (72,107)                  –           72,107              –             (358)                     –            358                        –         –
 Cash flows
 Premiums received                                         217,899                   –                –       217,899             4,156                      –               –                       –    4,156
 Insurance acquisition cash flows                          (13,896)                  –                –       (13,896)             (994)                     –               –                       –     (994)
 Claims and other insurance service expenses
    paid                                                         –                   –          (90,730)       (90,730)               –                      –          (3,427)                      –    (3,427)
 Other Cash flows                                              873                   –                –            873                –                      –               –                       –         –

 Total cash flows                                          204,876                   –          (90,730)      114,146             3,162                      –          (3,427)                      –     (265)

 Closing liabilities                                     1,509,857               7,605           12,709      1,530,171              587                119              1,718                      43     2,467
 Closing assets                                                  –                   –                –              –                –                  –                  –                       –         –

 Net closing balance                                     1,509,857               7,605           12,709      1,530,171              587                119              1,718                      43     2,467



266 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
                       About New China Life                   Chairman’s Statement                               Business Performance                   Corporate Governance                            Financial Report




15. INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND REINSURANCE
    CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(1)          Insurance contract liabilities (continued)
                                                                       Contracts not measured under the PAA                                                       Contracts measured under the PAA
                                                      Liability for remaining coverage                                              Liability for remaining coverage           Liability for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                                                             Estimates of
                                                                                                                                                                            present value      Risk adjustment
                                                           Excluding                             Liability for                           Excluding                          of future cash     for non-financial
 2024                                               loss component Loss component            incurred claims             Total    loss component Loss component                      flows                  risk       Total

 Opening liabilities                                    1,124,597                 7,621              11,803          1,144,021               611                   161             1,662                       42     2,476
 Opening assets                                                 –                     –                   –                  –                 –                     –                 –                        –         –

 Net opening balance                                    1,124,597                 7,621              11,803          1,144,021               611                   161             1,662                       42     2,476

 Insurance revenue
 Contracts under the modified retrospective
    approach                                              (34,629)                       –                  –          (34,629)                –                        –                –                       –         –
 Contracts under the fair value approach                   (1,988)                       –                  –           (1,988)                –                        –                –                       –         –
 Other contracts                                           (7,509)                       –                  –           (7,509)           (3,686)                       –                –                       –    (3,686)

 Insurance revenue                                        (44,126)                       –                  –          (44,126)           (3,686)                       –                –                       –    (3,686)

 Insurance service expenses
 Incurred claims and other insurance service
    expenses                                                    –                  (393)             18,050            17,657                  –                  (763)            3,363                       31     2,631
 Amortisation of insurance acquisition cash flows           9,174                     –                   –             9,174              1,075                     –                 –                        –     1,075
 Losses and reversals of losses on onerous
    contracts                                                    –                   69                    –               69                   –                  824                  –                        –      824
 Adjustment to liabilities for incurred claims                   –                    –                  285              285                   –                    –               (112)                     (28)    (140)

 Insurance service expenses                                 9,174                  (324)             18,335            27,185              1,075                       61          3,251                         3    4,390

 Insurance service result                                 (34,952)                 (324)             18,335           (16,941)            (2,611)                      61          3,251                         3      704
 Insurance finance income or expenses                     138,992                   156                   –           139,148                  –                        –              –                         –        –

 Total changes in the statement of
   comprehensive income                                   104,040                  (168)             18,335           122,207             (2,611)                      61          3,251                         3      704

 Investment components                                    (62,962)                       –           62,962                  –              (369)                       –             369                        –         –
 Cash flows
 Premiums received                                        189,002                        –                  –         189,002              3,824                        –                –                       –     3,824
 Insurance acquisition cash flows                         (11,463)                       –                  –         (11,463)            (1,008)                       –                –                       –    (1,008)
 Claims and other insurance service expenses
    paid                                                         –                       –          (80,558)           (80,558)                 –                       –          (3,413)                       –    (3,413)
 Other Cash flows                                              298                       –                –                298                  –                       –               –                        –         –

 Total cash flows                                         177,837                        –          (80,558)           97,279              2,816                        –          (3,413)                       –     (597)

 Closing liabilities                                    1,343,512                 7,453              12,542          1,363,507               447                   222             1,869                       45     2,583
 Closing assets                                                 –                     –                   –                  –                 –                     –                 –                        –         –

 Net closing balance                                    1,343,512                 7,453              12,542          1,363,507               447                   222             1,869                       45     2,583




                                                                                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                                            267
Section 11




15. INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND REINSURANCE
    CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(1)       Insurance contract liabilities (continued)
The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening to the closing balances of fulfilment cash flows
and CSM for contracts not measured under PAA.


                                                                                                                       CSM
                                                                                                 Contracts
                                                              Estimates of          Risk            under     Contracts
                                                             present value adjustment for         modified        under
                                                             of future cash nonfinancial     retrospective    fair value        Other
 2025                                                                 flows          risk        approach     approach       contracts    Subtotal        Total

 Opening liabilities                                             1,177,740          9,900         140,663        11,413        23,791     175,867     1,363,507
 Opening assets                                                          –              –               –             –             –           –             –

 Net opening balance                                             1,177,740          9,900         140,663        11,413        23,791     175,867     1,363,507

 Changes that relate to current service
 CSM recognised for services provided                                    –              –         (13,494)       (1,163)        (1,893)    (16,550)     (16,550)
 Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk
   expired                                                               –           (717)               –            –              –           –         (717)
 Experience adjustments                                             (2,448)             –                –            –              –           –       (2,448)

 Total changes that relate to current service                       (2,448)          (717)        (13,494)       (1,163)        (1,893)    (16,550)     (19,715)

 Changes that relate to future service
 Contracts initially recognised in the year                        (12,467)         1,122               –             –        11,875       11,875         530
 Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                           (2,822)          (785)          3,295           890          (578)       3,607           –
 Changes in estimates that do not adjust the CSM                      (149)           (25)              –             –             –            –        (174)

 Total changes that relate to future service                       (15,438)          312            3,295           890        11,297       15,482         356

 Changes that relate to past service
 Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims                       647             14                 –            –              –           –         661

 Total changes that relate to past service                            647             14                 –            –              –           –         661

 Insurance service result                                          (17,239)          (391)        (10,199)         (273)        9,404       (1,068)     (18,698)
 Insurance finance income or expense                                63,477            815           5,578           181         1,165        6,924       71,216

 Total changes in the statement of comprehensive
   income                                                          46,238            424            (4,621)         (92)       10,569        5,856      52,518

 Cash flows
 Premiums received                                                217,899               –                –            –              –           –     217,899
 Insurance acquisition cash flows                                 (13,896)              –                –            –              –           –     (13,896)
 Claims and other insurance service expenses paid                 (90,730)              –                –            –              –           –     (90,730)
 Other cash flows                                                     873               –                –            –              –           –         873

 Total cash flows                                                 114,146               –                –            –              –           –     114,146

 Closing liabilities                                             1,338,124         10,324         136,042        11,321        34,360     181,723     1,530,171
 Closing assets                                                          –              –               –             –             –           –             –

 Net closing balance                                             1,338,124         10,324         136,042        11,321        34,360     181,723     1,530,171


268 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
                  About New China Life              Chairman’s Statement            Business Performance          Corporate Governance      Financial Report




15. INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND REINSURANCE
    CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(1)       Insurance contract liabilities (continued)
The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening to the closing balances of fulfilment cash flows
and CSM for contracts not measured under PAA. (continued)


                                                                                                                      CSM
                                                                                                Contracts
                                                          Estimates of              Risk           under     Contracts
                                                         present value    adjustment for         modified        under
                                                         of future cash      nonfinancial   retrospective    fair value        Other
 2024                                                             flows              risk       approach     approach       contracts   Subtotal        Total

 Opening liabilities                                          966,344              8,673        147,488          9,728        11,788    169,004     1,144,021
 Opening assets                                                     –                  –              –              –             –          –             –

 Net opening balance                                          966,344              8,673        147,488          9,728        11,788    169,004     1,144,021

 Changes that relate to current service
 CSM recognised for services provided                                –                 –         (13,240)       (1,100)       (1,327)   (15,667)      (15,667)
 Change in risk adjustment for non-financial
   risk for risk expired                                             –              (810)              –             –             –          –          (810)
 Experience adjustments                                           (818)                –               –             –             –          –          (818)

 Total changes that relate to current service                     (818)             (810)        (13,240)       (1,100)       (1,327)   (15,667)      (17,295)

 Changes that relate to future service
 Contracts initially recognised in the year                    (11,859)            1,261               –             –        10,997     10,997           399
 Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                       (4,167)             (493)            331         2,628         1,701      4,660             –
 Changes in estimates that do not adjust the CSM                  (238)              (92)              –             –             –          –          (330)

 Total changes that relate to future service                   (16,264)              676             331         2,628        12,698     15,657           69

 Changes that relate to past service
 Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims                    278                 7               –             –             –          –          285

 Total changes that relate to past service                         278                 7               –             –             –          –          285

 Insurance service result                                     (16,804)              (127)        (12,909)        1,528        11,371        (10)     (16,941)
 Insurance finance income or expense                          130,921              1,354           6,084           157           632      6,873      139,148

 Total changes in the statement of comprehensive
   income                                                     114,117              1,227          (6,825)        1,685        12,003      6,863      122,207

 Cash flows
 Premiums received                                            189,002                  –               –             –             –          –      189,002
 Insurance acquisition cash flows                             (11,463)                 –               –             –             –          –      (11,463)
 Claims and other insurance service expenses paid             (80,558)                 –               –             –             –          –      (80,558)
 Other cash flows                                                 298                  –               –             –             –          –          298

 Total cash flows                                               97,279                 –               –             –             –          –       97,279

 Closing liabilities                                         1,177,740             9,900        140,663        11,413         23,791    175,867     1,363,507
 Closing assets                                                      –                 –              –             –              –          –             –

 Net closing balance                                         1,177,740             9,900        140,663        11,413         23,791    175,867     1,363,507


                                                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025         269
Section 11




15. INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND REINSURANCE
    CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(1)     Insurance contract liabilities (continued)
The following table provides an analysis of insurance contracts initially recognised in the year:


                                                                   Contracts issued

                                                                 Onerous
                                                                contracts
                                                                  initially
                                                              recognised
 2025                                                         in the year       Other contracts        Total


 Insurance acquisition cash flows                                    1,609              13,740       15,349
 Claims payable, expenses and others                                23,690             122,203      145,893


 Present value of future cash outflows                              25,299             135,943      161,242


 Present value of future cash inflows                              (24,809)            (148,900)    (173,709)
 Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                 40                1,082        1,122
 CSM                                                                     –               11,875       11,875


 Losses recognised on initial recognition                               530                   –         530



                                                                   Contracts issued

                                                                  Onerous
                                                                 contracts
                                                                    initially
                                                               recognised
 2024                                                          in the year      Other contracts        Total


 Insurance acquisition cash flows                                    1,301              11,375       12,676
 Claims payable, expenses and others                                13,666             101,171      114,837


 Present value of future cash outflows                              14,967             112,546      127,513


 Present value of future cash inflows                              (14,584)            (124,788)    (139,372)
 Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                 16                1,245        1,261
 CSM                                                                     –               10,997       10,997


 Losses recognised on initial recognition                               399                   –         399




270 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
             About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




15. INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND REINSURANCE
    CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(1)      Insurance contract liabilities (continued)
The following table details the composition and the fair value of underlying items of the Group’s direct participating
contracts.


                                                                                              Fair value

                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                    31 December          31 December
                                                                                           2025                 2024


 Assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 20,198              13,706
 Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell                                      7,108                 211
 Term deposits                                                                            154,756             162,871
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                    317,158             229,374
 Debt investments at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                                                   275,365             320,930
 Debt investments at amortised cost                                                         1,804               4,194
 Equity investments designated at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                                 102                   80
 Other assets                                                                              10,197               10,209


 Subtotal                                                                                 786,688             741,575


 Liabilities
 Financial assets sold under agreements to repurchase                                      77,478               83,207
 Other liabilities                                                                          5,904                4,732


 Subtotal                                                                                  83,382               87,939


 Total                                                                                    703,306             653,636




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     271
Section 11




15. INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND REINSURANCE
    CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(2)         Reinsurance contract assets
The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening to the closing balances of the asset for the remaining
coverage and the assets for incurred claims recoverable from reinsurance.


                                                               Contracts not measured under the PAA                                     Contracts measured under the PAA
                                               Remaining coverage component                                     Remaining coverage component         Incurred claims component
                                                                                                                                                    Estimates of
                                                   Excluding                                                        Excluding                      present value Risk adjustment
                                               loss recovery      Loss recovery Incurred claims                 loss recovery    Loss recovery     of future cash for nonfinancial
 2025                                            component          component       component          Total      component        component                flows             risk   Total


 Opening assets                                       9,579                 27             1,121      10,727              37                   –             48                  –     85
 Opening liabilities                                      –                  –                 –           –               –                   –              –                  –      –


 Net opening balance                                  9,579                 27             1,121      10,727              37                   –             48                  –     85


 Allocation of reinsurance premiums paid             (1,860)                 –                 –      (1,860)            (60)                  –              –                  –    (60)

 Recoveries on incurred claims and other
   incurred reinsurance service expenses                  –                 (2)            1,286       1,284               –                (1)              37                  –     36
 Recoveries of losses on onerous group of
   underlying contracts and reversal of such
   losses                                                 –                 (2)                –          (2)              –                   1               –                 –      1
 Adjustment to recoveries on liabilities for
   incurred claims related to past service                –                  –              187         187                –                   –              (1)                –      (1)


 Recoveries on insurance service expenses                 –                 (4)            1,473       1,469               –                   –             36                  –     36


 Net income (expenses) from reinsurance
    contracts held                                   (1,860)                (4)            1,473        (391)            (60)                  –             36                  –    (24)
 Finance income or expenses from reinsurance
    contracts                                           473                  1                 –        474                –                   –              –                  –       –


 Total changes in the statement of
   comprehensive income                              (1,387)                (3)            1,473         83              (60)                  –             36                  –    (24)


 Investment components                                 (843)                 –              843            –             (70)                  –             70                  –      –
 Cash flows
 Premiums paid                                        2,383                  –                 –       2,383             125                   –              –                  –    125
 Recoveries received from reinsurers                      –                  –            (2,191)     (2,191)              –                   –           (123)                 –   (123)


 Total cash flows                                     2,383                  –            (2,191)       192              125                   –           (123)                 –      2


 Closing assets                                       9,732                 24             1,246      11,002              32                   –             31                  –     63
 Closing liabilities                                      –                  –                 –           –               –                   –              –                  –      –


 Net closing balance                                  9,732                 24             1,246      11,002              32                   –             31                  –     63


272 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
                       About New China Life                      Chairman’s Statement                          Business Performance              Corporate Governance                        Financial Report




15. INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND REINSURANCE
    CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(2)           Reinsurance contract assets (continued)
The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening to the closing balances of the asset for the remaining
coverage and the assets for incurred claims recoverable from reinsurance. (continued)


                                                                        Contracts not measured under the PAA                                             Contracts measured under the PAA
                                                        Remaining coverage component                                           Remaining coverage component            Incurred claims component
                                                                                                                                                                     Estimates of
                                                            Excluding                                                              Excluding                        present value    Risk adjustment
                                                        loss recovery     Loss recovery      Incurred claims                   loss recovery     Loss recovery      of future cash    for nonfinancial
 2024                                                     component         component            component            Total      component         component                 flows                risk    Total


 Opening assets                                                8,737                 25                 944          9,706               42                   1                53                   –       96
 Opening liabilities                                               –                  –                   –              –                –                   –                 –                   –        –


 Net opening balance                                           8,737                 25                 944          9,706               42                   1                53                   –       96


 Allocation of reinsurance premiums paid                      (1,850)                  –                  –          (1,850)            (68)                  –                 –                   –      (68)

 Recoveries on incurred claims and other incurred
   reinsurance service expenses                                    –                   (6)            1,337          1,331                –                   (3)              66                   –       63
 Recoveries of losses on onerous group of underlying
   contracts and reversal of such losses                           –                   7                  –               7               –                   2                 –                   –        2
 Adjustment to recoveries on liabilities for incurred
   claims related to past service                                  –                   –                190            190                –                   –               (10)                  –      (10)


 Recoveries on insurance service expenses                          –                   1              1,527          1,528                –                   (1)              56                   –       55


 Net income (expenses) from reinsurance
    contracts held                                            (1,850)                  1              1,527           (322)             (68)                  (1)              56                   –      (13)
 Finance income or expenses from reinsurance
    contracts                                                  1,077                   1                  –          1,078                –                   –                 –                   –        –


 Total changes in the statement of
   comprehensive income                                         (773)                  2              1,527            756              (68)                  (1)              56                   –      (13)


 Investment components                                          (768)                  –                768               –             (68)                  –                68                   –        –
 Cash flows
 Premiums paid                                                 2,383                   –                  –           2,383             131                   –                 –                   –      131
 Recoveries received from reinsurers                               –                   –             (2,118)         (2,118)              –                   –              (129)                  –     (129)


 Total cash flows                                              2,383                   –             (2,118)           265              131                   –              (129)                  –        2


 Closing assets                                                9,579                 27               1,121         10,727               37                   –                48                   –       85
 Closing liabilities                                               –                  –                   –              –                –                   –                 –                   –        –


 Net closing balance                                           9,579                 27               1,121         10,727               37                   –                48                   –       85



                                                                                                                                FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                                    273
Section 11




15. INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND REINSURANCE
    CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(2)       Reinsurance contract assets (continued)
The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening to the closing balances of fulfilment cash flows
and CSM for reinsurance contracts not measured under PAA.


                                                                                                                        CSM
                                                                                                   Contracts
                                                                Estimates of          Risk            under    Contracts
                                                               present value adjustment for         modified       under
                                                               of future cash nonfinancial     retrospective   fair value        Other
 2025                                                                   flows          risk        approach    approach       contracts    Subtotal     Total

 Opening assets                                                       7,975           1,355               –          598           799        1,397    10,727
 Opening liabilities                                                      –               –               –            –             –            –         –

 Net opening balance                                                  7,975           1,355               –          598           799        1,397    10,727

 Changes that relate to current service
 CSM recognised for the year                                               –              –               –          (12)           (84)        (96)      (96)
 Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk
   expired                                                                –             (83)              –            –              –           –       (83)
 Experience adjustments                                                (397)              –               –            –              –           –      (397)

 Total changes that relate to current service                          (397)            (83)              –          (12)           (84)        (96)     (576)

 Changes that relate to future service
 Contracts initially recognised in the year                             (51)            34                –            –            17           17         –
 Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                               370             72                –         (460)           18         (442)        –
 Changes in estimates that do not adjust the CSM                         (1)            (1)               –            –             –            –        (2)
 Changes in loss recovery component and reversal of
   such changes                                                            –              –               –            –              –           –         –

 Total changes that relate to future service                            318            105                –         (460)           35         (425)       (2)

 Changes that relate to past service
 Adjustment to recoveries on liabilities for incurred claims
   related to past service                                              187               –               –            –              –           –      187

 Total changes that relate to past service                              187               –               –            –              –           –      187

 Net expenses from reinsurance contracts held                           108             22                –         (472)           (49)       (521)     (391)
 Finance income or expenses from reinsurance contracts                  366             58                –           24             26          50       474

 Total changes in the statement of comprehensive
   income                                                               474             80                –         (448)           (23)       (471)      83

 Cash flows
 Premiums paid                                                         2,383              –               –            –              –           –     2,383
 Recoveries received from reinsurers                                  (2,191)             –               –            –              –           –    (2,191)

 Total cash flows                                                       192               –               –            –              –           –      192

 Closing assets                                                       8,641           1,435               –          150           776         926     11,002
 Closing liabilities                                                      –               –               –            –             –           –          –

 Net closing balance                                                  8,641           1,435               –          150           776         926     11,002

274 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
                  About New China Life                Chairman’s Statement                Business Performance          Corporate Governance          Financial Report




15. INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND REINSURANCE
    CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(2)       Reinsurance contract assets (continued)
The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening to the closing balances of fulfilment cash flows
and CSM for reinsurance contracts not measured under PAA. (continued)


                                                                                                                                CSM
                                                                                                      Contracts
                                                                Estimates of              Risk           under     Contracts
                                                               present value    adjustment for         modified        under
                                                               of future cash      nonfinancial   retrospective    fair value            Other
 2024                                                                   flows              risk       approach     approach           contracts   Subtotal       Total

 Opening assets                                                        5,990             1,277               –         1,712               727      2,439        9,706
 Opening liabilities                                                       –                 –               –             –                 –          –            –

 Net opening balance                                                   5,990             1,277               –         1,712               727      2,439        9,706

 Changes that relate to current service
 CSM recognised for the year                                               –                 –               –           (25)              (76)      (101)        (101)
 Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk
   expired                                                                 –               (90)              –             –                 –          –          (90)
 Experience adjustments                                                 (328)                –               –             –                 –          –         (328)

 Total changes that relate to current service                           (328)              (90)              –           (25)              (76)      (101)        (519)

 Changes that relate to future service
 Contracts initially recognised in the year                             (139)               30               –             –               109        109            –
 Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                              1,147                (2)              –        (1,156)               11     (1,145)           –
 Changes in estimates that do not adjust the CSM                           7                 –               –             –                 –          –            7
 Changes in loss recovery component and reversal of
   such changes                                                            –                 –               –             (1)               1          –            –

 Total changes that relate to future service                           1,015                28               –        (1,157)              121     (1,036)           7

 Changes that relate to past service
 Adjustment to recoveries on liabilities for incurred claims
   related to past service                                               190                 –               –             –                 –          –         190

 Total changes that relate to past service                               190                 –               –             –                 –          –         190

 Net expenses from reinsurance contracts held                            877               (62)              –        (1,182)               45     (1,137)        (322)
 Finance income or expenses from reinsurance contracts                   843               140               –            68                27         95        1,078

 Total changes in the statement of comprehensive
   income                                                              1,720                78               –        (1,114)               72     (1,042)        756

 Cash flows
 Premiums paid                                                         2,383                 –               –             –                 –          –        2,383
 Recoveries received from reinsurers                                  (2,118)                –               –             –                 –          –       (2,118)

 Total cash flows                                                        265                 –               –             –                 –          –         265

 Closing assets                                                        7,975             1,355               –           598               799      1,397       10,727
 Closing liabilities                                                       –                 –               –             –                 –          –            –

 Net closing balance                                                   7,975             1,355               –           598               799      1,397       10,727

                                                                                                              FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025            275
Section 11




15. INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND REINSURANCE
    CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(2)      Reinsurance contract assets (continued)
The following table provides an analysis of reinsurance contracts held initially recognised in the period.


                                                             Reinsurance contracts held

                                                               Contracts               Other
                                                              purchased          reinsurance
 2025                                                    with a net gain            contracts                Total


 Present value of future cash outflows                                (314)            (1,031)               (1,345)
 Present value of future cash inflows                                  415                879                 1,294
 Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                 11                 23                    34
 CSM                                                                  (112)               129                    17


 Total                                                                   –                   –                    –



                                                              Reinsurance contracts held

                                                                 Contracts              Other
                                                                purchased         reinsurance
 2024                                                      with a net gain           contracts                Total


 Present value of future cash outflows                                (198)             (1,020)              (1,218)
 Present value of future cash inflows                                 253                  826               1,079
 Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                  8                  22                  30
 CSM                                                                   (63)                172                 109


 Total                                                                   –                   –                    –




276 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance    Corporate Governance   Financial Report




15. INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND REINSURANCE
    CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(3)   Contractual service margin
For insurance contracts where the premium allocation method is not used, the CSM for insurance contracts
issued by the Group and reinsurance contracts ceded is expected to be amortised to the income statement over
the remaining period as follows:


                                       Within            In 1 to         In 4 to              Over
 31 December 2025                      1 year            3 years         5 years           5 years              Total


 Contracts issued                      15,750            28,174           23,590           114,209           181,723


 Reinsurance contracts                     98               198                 181            449                926



                                       Within            In 1 to          In 4 to             Over
 31 December 2024                       1 year           3 years         5 years            5 years              Total


 Contracts issued                      14,641            25,855           22,025           113,346           175,867


 Reinsurance contracts                    120               245                 216            816              1,397



16. TAXATION
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax relates to the same tax authority. Most of
the income taxes shown below are taxes incurred in the PRC.


(1)   The amount of income tax charged to the net profit represents:
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                            2025                 2024


 Current tax                                                                                 247                  264
 Deferred tax                                                                              3,989                1,644


 Total income tax                                                                          4,236                1,908




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      277
Section 11




16. TAXATION (CONTINUED)
(2)        The reconciliation between the Group’s effective tax rate and the mainly
           applicable tax rate of 25% in the PRC is as follows:
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                    2025                     2024


   Profit before income tax                                                                                       40,525                   28,141


   Tax computed at the statutory tax rate in China                                                                10,131                    7,035
   Effect of different tax rates used by subsidiaries                                                                   (5)                      (5)
   Non-taxable income (i)                                                                                         (6,184)                   (5,345)
   Expenses not deductible for tax purposes (i)                                                                       160                      136
      Effect of unrecognised deferred tax assets arising from
       deductible tax losses                                                                                           75                        71
      Use of deductible tax losses of prior years                                                                        –                       (1)
      Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods                                                         (3)                      17
      Others                                                                                                           62                         –


   Income tax computed at effective tax rate                                                                       4,236                    1,908


(i)        Non-taxable income mainly includes interest income from government bonds, and dividend income from applicable equity financial assets, etc.
           Expenses not deductible for tax purposes mainly include those expenses such as supplementary medical insurance, penalties, donations and
           entertainment expenses that do not meet the criteria for deduction under relevant tax regulations issued by the tax authority.


(ii)       Hong Kong officially implemented the global minimum tax and the Hong Kong minimum top-up tax rules from 1 January 2025, which apply to
           the Group’s subsidiary in Hong Kong. These rules had no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended
           31 December 2025.




278 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
            About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




16. TAXATION (CONTINUED)
(3)      Deferred tax assets and liabilities before and after offsetting are as follows:
                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                   31 December          31 December
                                                                                            2025                 2024


 Deferred tax assets                                                                      41,456               40,248
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                (21,207)             (20,770)


 Net deferred tax assets                                                                  20,996               19,678


 Net deferred tax liabilities                                                               (747)                (200)


(4)      Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to
         the extent that the realisation of the related tax benefit through future taxable
         income is probable. The amount of deductible unused tax losses for which no
         deferred tax asset is recognised is as follows:
                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                   31 December          31 December
                                                                                            2025                 2024


 2025                                                                                          –                  107
 2026                                                                                        105                  105
 2027                                                                                        244                  244
 2028                                                                                        248                  248
 2029                                                                                        285                  285
 2030                                                                                        301                     –


 Total                                                                                     1,183                  989




                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     279
Section 11




16. TAXATION (CONTINUED)
(5)    The movements in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities during the
       year are as follows:
                                            Financial    Insurance
                                              assets     liabilities   Others     Total


 Net deferred tax assets
   As at 1 January 2024                        (2,904)       2,916     10,697    10,709
   (Charge)/Credit to net profit               (7,970)      (4,854)    11,199    (1,625)
   (Charge)/Credit to equity                   (8,694)      19,252        36     10,594


   As at 31 December 2024                    (19,568)       17,314     21,932    19,678


   (Charge)/Credit to net profit              (4,338)       (4,719)     5,279    (3,778)
   Credit/(Charge) to equity                   6,582        (1,721)      235      5,096


   As at 31 December 2025                    (17,324)       10,874     27,446    20,996



                                            Financial    Insurance
                                              assets     liabilities   Others     Total


 Net deferred tax liabilities
   As at 1 January 2024                            (2)            –       (54)      (56)
   (Charge)/Credit to net profit                  (19)            –         –       (19)
   (Charge)/Credit to equity                    (125)             –         –      (125)


   As at 31 December 2024                       (146)             –       (54)     (200)


   (Charge)/Credit to net profit                (201)             –       (10)     (211)
   (Charge)/Credit to equity                    (336)             –         –      (336)


   As at 31 December 2025                       (683)             –       (64)     (747)




280 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
         About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




17. OTHER ASSETS
                                                                       As at 31 December 2025

                                                             Book value         Provision for           Net book
                                                                 balance         impairment                  value


Investment clearing account (1)                                     4,234                   –                4,234
Prepaid and deferred expenses                                         519                   –                  519
Receivable from off-balance sheet
  repurchase transactions                                             874                (874)                    –
Asset management fee receivables                                      191                   –                  191
Prepaid income tax                                                     39                   –                   39
Others                                                              1,256                (144)               1,112


Total                                                               7,113              (1,018)               6,095



                                                                        As at 31 December 2024

                                                              Book value         Provision for           Net book
                                                                  balance         impairment                 value


Investment clearing account (1)                                     8,185                   –                8,185
Prepaid and deferred expenses                                         458                   –                  458
Receivable from off-balance sheet
  repurchase transactions                                             874                (874)                    –
Asset management fee receivables                                      190                   –                  190
Others                                                                967                (142)                 825


Total                                                             10,674               (1,016)               9,658




                                                                    FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     281
Section 11




17. OTHER ASSETS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                         As at               As at
                                                                                31 December         31 December
                                                                                         2025                2024


 Current                                                                                 5,722              9,322
 Non-current                                                                              373                 336


 Total                                                                                   6,095              9,658


(1)      Investment clearing account


Investment clearing account balance represents unsettled investment receivables in transit as at the end of the
reporting period.


18. BORROWINGS
Upon the approval by the former CBIRC and the People’s Bank of China, on 11 May 2020, the Company issued
10-year capital supplementary bonds in the inter-bank market, and completed the issuance on 13 May 2020, which
were in an aggregate principal amount of RMB10,000 million, and with an interest rate of 3.3% per annum for the
first five years. The Company has the right to redeem the bonds partially or wholly at the end of the fifth year.
The Company has fully redeemed this capital supplementary bond by May 2025.


Upon the approval by the National Administration of Financial Regulation and the People’s Bank of China, on 2
November 2023, the Company issued 10-year capital supplementary bonds in the inter-bank market, and completed
the issuance on 6 November 2023, which were in an aggregate principal amount of RMB10,000 million, and with
an interest rate of 3.4% per annum for the first five years. The Company has the right to redeem the bonds
partially or wholly at the end of the fifth year. If the Company does not exercise the redemption right or partially
exercises the redemption right, the interest rate will increase to 4.4% per annum beginning in the sixth year until
the maturity date.




282 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life     Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




18. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
Upon the approval by the National Administration of Financial Regulation and the People’s Bank of China, on 18
June 2024, the Company issued 10-year capital supplementary bonds in the inter-bank market, and completed
the issuance on 20 June 2024, which were in an aggregate principal amount of RMB10,000 million, and with
an interest rate of 2.27% per annum for the first five years. The Company has the right to redeem the bonds
partially or wholly at the end of the fifth year. If the Company does not exercise the redemption right or partially
exercises the redemption right, the interest rate will increase to 3.27% per annum beginning in the sixth year
until the maturity date.


The repayments of principals and interests of the capital supplementary bonds are subordinated to policy liabilities
and other liabilities but prior to the Company’s equity capital.


The fair value of borrowings as at 31 December 2025 was RMB20,424 million (2024: RMB30,687 million), which
are within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.


19. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
    LOSS
                                                                                            As at                As at
                                                                                    31 December          31 December
                                                                                             2025                 2024


 Payable to the third-party investors of
   controlled structured entities                                                           9,860                8,549



Payable to the third-party investors of controlled structured entities are the portions owned by the external investors
in the consolidated structured entities (asset management plans). Such financial liabilities are designated at fair
value upon initial recognition, and all realised or unrealised gains or losses are recognised in net profit.




                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     283
Section 11




20. FINANCIAL ASSETS SOLD UNDER AGREEMENTS TO
    REPURCHASE
                                                                                         As at                As at
                                                                                 31 December         31 December
                                                                                          2025                2024


 By market
   Inter-bank market                                                                    39,896              42,509
   Stock exchange                                                                      153,622             129,079


 Total                                                                                 193,518             171,588


 By collateral
   Bonds                                                                               193,518             171,588



Maturity:


                                                                                         As at                As at
                                                                                 31 December         31 December
                                                                                          2025                2024


 Within 3 months (including 3 months)                                                  193,518             171,588



As at 31 December 2025, bonds with par value of RMB42,226 million (31 December 2024: RMB44,937 million)
were pledged as collateral for financial assets sold under agreements to repurchase resulting from repurchase
transactions entered into by the Group in the inter-bank market. The collateral is restricted from trading during
the period of the repurchase transaction.


For debt repurchase transactions through the stock exchange, the Group is required to deposit certain exchange-
traded bonds into a collateral pool and the fair values converted at a standard rate pursuant to the stock exchange’s
regulation which should be no less than the balances of the related repurchase transactions.


As at 31 December 2025, the amount of financial assets deposited in the collateral pool amounted to RMB288,048
million (31 December 2024: RMB259,146 million). The collateral is restricted from trading during the period of
the repurchase transaction. The Group can withdraw the exchange-traded bonds from the collateral pool in a
short period of time under the condition that the value of certain bonds is no less than the balance of the related
repurchase transactions.




284 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
               About New China Life          Chairman’s Statement          Business Performance           Corporate Governance          Financial Report




21. OTHER LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                        As at                      As at
                                                                                                             31 December                31 December
                                                                                                                         2025                       2024


  Payables related to asset-backed securities(1)                                                                       14,350                            –
  Salary and welfare payable(2)                                                                                         5,856                      5,315
  Investment clearing account                                                                                           4,302                      7,443
  Commission and brokerage payable                                                                                      1,765                      1,756
  Investment contract liabilities                                                                                          626                        857
  Taxes payable other than income tax                                                                                      485                        149
  Deferred income                                                                                                          444                        457
  External suppliers payable                                                                                               427                        379
  Repayment payable for non-insurance contracts                                                                            188                        118
  Unrealised output value added tax                                                                                        177                        156
  Unallocated receipts and refund                                                                                          141                        184
  Construction cost payable                                                                                                138                        136
  Security deposits by agent for holding the Company’s documents                                                           125                        137
  Insurance security fund payable                                                                                            92                        61
  Payable to the third party investors of controlled structured entities                                                     50                       211
  Others                                                                                                                1,171                      1,114


  Total                                                                                                                30,337                    18,473


  Current                                                                                                              29,152                    17,275
  Non-current                                                                                                           1,185                      1,198


  Total                                                                                                                30,337                    18,473


(1)       The Group securitised a portion of its policy loans by issuing asset-backed securities with an aggregate amount of RMB17,000 million in 2025,
          each having a term of one year. The Group held all subordinated shares and certain portions of senior shares. The subordinated shares are not
          transferable until the principal and interest on the senior shares are repaid. As the Group has retained substantially all the risks and rewards of
          the underlying policy loans, the Group treats these asset funding plans as controlled structured entities. Capital contributions from third party
          investors after consolidation in the asset-backed securities are classified as other liabilities.


(2)       Total remuneration of employees for the year ended December 2025 amounted to RMB6,707 million(for the year ended 2024: RMB6,398 million).




                                                                                              FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  285
Section 11




22. SHARE CAPITAL
All shares of the Company issued are fully paid common shares. The par value per share is RMB1.


The Company’s number of shares is as follows:


                                                                                                            As at              As at
                                                                                                 31 December            31 December
                                                                                                             2025               2024


  Number of shares registered, issued and fully paid
     at RMB1 per share (in million)                                                                         3,120              3,120



23. RESERVES AND RETAINED EARNINGS
                                                                            Reserves

                                                                          Other
                                        Share                     comprehensive        Surplus     Reserve for                 Retained
                                      premium    Other reserve          income         reserve     general risk       Total    earnings
                                           (a)                                             (b)              (c)                      (d)


As at 1 January 2024                    23,964             15           (51,093)        21,721          15,216       9,823       92,124
Net profit for the year                      –               –                –              –               –            –      26,229
Other comprehensive income                   –               –          (30,710)             –               –      (30,710)          –
Others                                       –              (9)               –              –               –           (9)          –
Dividends paid                               –               –                –              –               –            –      (4,337)
Appropriation to reserve                     –               –                –          3,318           2,522       5,840       (5,840)


As at 31 December 2024                  23,964               6          (81,803)        25,039          17,738      (15,056)    108,176
Net profit for the year                      –               –                –              –               –            –      36,284
Other comprehensive income                   –               –          (12,457)             –               –      (12,457)       (135)
Others                                       –             (90)               –              –               –          (90)          –
Dividends paid                               –               –                –              –               –            –      (8,298)
Appropriation to reserve                     –               –                –          6,012           3,496       9,508       (9,508)


As at 31 December 2025                  23,964             (84)         (94,260)        31,051          21,234      (18,095)    126,519




286 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




23. RESERVES AND RETAINED EARNINGS (CONTINUED)
(a)    Share premium
Share premium represents the excess of the paid-in capital over the par value of shares issued.


(b)    Surplus reserve
Surplus reserve consists of the statutory surplus reserve and the discretionary surplus reserve.


(i)    Statutory surplus reserve
In accordance with the Company Law and the Company’s Articles of Association, the Company should appropriate
10% of the net profit for the year to the statutory surplus reserve. The Company can cease appropriation when
the statutory surplus reserve reaches more than 50% of the registered capital. The statutory surplus reserve can
be used to make up losses or increase the Company’s share capital upon approval.


The Company appropriated RMB3,492 million for the year ended 31 December 2025 to the statutory surplus
reserve (for the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB2,520 million).


(ii)   Discretionary surplus reserve (“DSR”)
After making necessary appropriations to the statutory surplus reserve, the Company and its subsidiaries in the
PRC may also appropriate a portion of their net profit to the DSR upon the approval of the shareholders in general
meetings. The DSR may be used to offset accumulated losses, if any, and may be converted into capital.


Approved at the shareholders’ general meeting on 28 June 2025, the Company appropriated RMB2,520 million to
the DSR. Approved at the shareholders’ general meeting on 28 June 2024, the Company appropriated RMB798
million to the DSR.


(c)    Reserve for general risk
Pursuant to “Financial Standards of Financial Enterprises – Implementation Guide” issued by the Ministry of
Finance of the PRC on 20 March 2007, for the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group appropriated RMB3,496
million to the general reserve for future uncertain disasters, which cannot be used for dividend distribution or
share capital increment (for the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB2,522 million).




                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     287
Section 11




23. RESERVES AND RETAINED EARNINGS (CONTINUED)
(d)      Distributable profit
According to the Articles of Association of the Company, the amount of retained earnings available for distribution
of the Company should be the lower of the amount determined under PRC GAAP and the amount determined
under IFRS Accounting Standards. Pursuant to a resolution passed at the shareholders’ general meeting on 28 June
2025, a final dividend of RMB1.99 per ordinary share (inclusive of tax) totalling RMB6,208 million was declared
and paid in 2025. Pursuant to a resolution passed at the shareholders’ general meeting on 31 October 2025, an
interim dividend of RMB0.67 per ordinary share (inclusive of tax) totalling RMB2,090 million.


Pursuant to a resolution passed at the shareholders’ general meeting on 28 June 2024, a final dividend of RMB0.85
per ordinary share (inclusive of tax) totalling RMB2,652 million was declared and paid in 2024. Pursuant to a
resolution passed at the shareholders’ general meeting on 6 November 2024, an interim dividend of RMB0.54
per ordinary share (inclusive of tax) totalling RMB1,685 million.


24. INSURANCE REVENUE
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                        2025                2024


 Contracts not measured under the PAA
         Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                20,105              18,475
         CSM recognised for services provided                                         16,550              15,667
         Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                   9,257              9,174
         Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                717                810
 Contracts measured under the PAA                                                       3,668              3,686


 Total                                                                                50,297              47,812




288 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




25. INTEREST INCOME
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                          2025                 2024


Interest income from:
  – Cash and cash equivalents                                                              162                  280
  – Term deposits                                                                        8,845                8,747
  – Statutory deposits                                                                      52                   60
  – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                   9,558               10,596
  – Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                          13,800               12,161
  – Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell                                   98                   73


Total                                                                                   32,515               31,917



26. OTHER INVESTMENT INCOME
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                          2025                 2024


Fair value gains/(losses)
  – Financial assets at FVTPL                                                           22,121               35,724
  – Derivatives financial instruments                                                        –                    (6)
  – Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                        (699)                (281)
Net realised gains/(losses)
  – Financial assets at FVTPL                                                           33,277               (3,365)
  – Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                           1,711                3,213
  – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                   2,376                2,890
  – Derivatives financial instruments                                                        9                    (5)
Interest income
  – Financial assets at FVTPL                                                            3,710                4,437
Dividend income
  – Financial assets at FVTPL                                                            7,439                7,438
  – Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                              2,123                1,170


Total                                                                                   72,067               51,215




                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     289
Section 11




27. OTHER INCOME
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                2025             2024


 Management fee income                                                           296              440
 Rental income from investment properties                                        271              321
 Exchange (losses)/gains                                                         (162)             80
 Government grants                                                                17               18
 Others                                                                          250              241


 Total                                                                           672            1,100



28. INSURANCE SERVICE EXPENSES
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                2025             2024


 Contracts not measured under the PAA
   Incurred claims and other incurred insurance service expenses               17,657          17,657
   Amortisation of insurance acquisition cash flows                             9,257           9,174
   Losses on onerous groups of contracts and reversal of such losses             356               69
   Adjustment to the LIC                                                         661              285


 Subtotal                                                                      27,931          27,185


 Contracts measured under the PAA
   Incurred claims and other incurred insurance service expenses                2,423           2,631
   Amortisation of insurance acquisition cash flows                             1,004           1,075
   Losses on onerous groups of contracts and reversal of such losses             819              824
   Adjustment to the LIC                                                         (429)           (140)


 Subtotal                                                                       3,817           4,390


 Total                                                                         31,748          31,575




290 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
         About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




29. NET INVESTMENT INCOME AND INSURANCE FINANCE
    INCOME AND EXPENSES
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                         2025                 2024


Interest income                                                                        32,515               31,917
Other investment income                                                                72,067               51,215
Share of profits and losses of associates and joint ventures                            5,659                  528
Foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                                          (162)                  80
Net impairment losses on financial assets                                              (3,479)              (3,415)
Net impairment losses on other assets (Note 32)                                             –               (1,190)
Others                                                                                 (2,686)              (2,310)


Total investment income recognised in profit or loss                                  103,914               76,825
Total investment income recognised in OCI                                             (24,406)              36,049


Total net investment income                                                            79,508             112,874


Insurance finance expenses from insurance contracts issued
Interest accreted                                                                      27,090               22,337
Effect of changes in interest rates and other financial assumptions                     8,519               54,106
Changes in fulfilment cash flows and CSM of contracts measured
 applying VFA due to changes in fair value of underlying items                         35,607               62,705


Insurance finance expenses from insurance contracts issued                             71,216             139,148


Total insurance finance expenses from insurance contracts issued
 recognised in profit or loss                                                          78,162               61,185
Total insurance finance (income)/expenses from insurance contracts
 issued recognised in OCI                                                              (6,946)              77,963


Insurance finance income from reinsurance contracts held
Interest accreted                                                                        (341)                (338)
Effect of changes in interest rates and other financial assumptions                      (133)                (740)


Total finance income from reinsurance contracts held                                     (474)              (1,078)


Total finance income from reinsurance contracts held recognised in
 profit or loss                                                                          (324)                (338)
Total finance income from reinsurance contracts held recognised in OCI                   (150)                (740)



                                                                    FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     291
Section 11




30. NET IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                      2025                      2024


  Impairment loss recognised/(reversed) in respect of:
       – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                                          1,935                     2,425
       – Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                                                  1,557                        941
       – Term deposits                                                                                                  (19)                       19
       – Others                                                                                                            6                       30


  Total                                                                                                              3,479                     3,415



31. OTHER EXPENSES
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                      2025                      2024


  Commission and brokerage expenses                                                                                 11,752                     9,516
  Payroll and welfare                                                                                                9,108                     8,982
  Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                      1,802                     1,848
  Insurance security fund(i)                                                                                            668                       532
  Taxes and surcharges                                                                                                  504                       289
      Operating lease expenses                                                                                          336                       341
      Electronic equipment operation fee                                                                                334                       348
      Audit Fees                                                                                                         20                        22
      Others                                                                                                         1,719                     1,688


  Subtotal                                                                                                          26,243                    23,566


  Minus:
  Amounts attributed to insurance acquisition cash flows                                                            14,890                    12,471
  Amounts attributed to insurance service expenses                                                                   7,658                     7,192


  Total other expenses                                                                                               3,695                     3,903


(i)       The Group has paid the insurance security fund in accordance with the “Administrative Measures for Insurance Security Fund” (Order no.7 [2022]
          issued by the former CBIRC, the Ministry of Finance of the PRC and the People’s Bank of China) and the “Notice of the General Office of the
          China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on Matters related to the Payment of Insurance Protection Fund” (No. 2 [2023] issued by
          the General Office of the former CBIRC). The fund contribution is equal to the product of the business income and the fund rate, which is equal
          to the sum of the base rate and the risk differential rate.




292 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




32. NET IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON OTHER ASSETS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                          2025                 2024


 Investments in associates                                                                   –                1,190



33. OTHER FINANCE COSTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                          2025                 2024


 Interest expenses for financial assets sold under
   agreements to repurchase                                                              2,686                2,310
 Interest expenses for the capital supplementary bonds and
   asset-backed securities                                                                 814                  839
 Interest expenses for lease liabilities                                                    10                   17


 Total                                                                                   3,510                3,166



34. NET PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE
    COMPANY
The net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 was RMB36,284
million (for the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB26,229 million) which is included in the consolidated financial
statements of the Group.




                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     293
Section 11




35. EARNINGS PER SHARE
(1)    Basic
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted
average number of ordinary shares issued during the year.


                                                                             For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                        2025                2024


 Net profit for the year attributable to owners of
   the Company (RMB in million)                                                        36,284             26,229
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares issued (in million)                         3,120              3,120


 Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                                         11.63                8.41


(2)    Diluted
The Company has no dilutive potential ordinary shares. Diluted earnings per share are the same as basic earnings
per share for the year ended 31 December 2025 (for the year ended 31 December 2024: same).


36. DIVIDENDS
Pursuant to a resolution passed at the shareholders’ general meeting on 28 June 2025, a final dividend of RMB1.99
per ordinary share (inclusive of tax) totalling RMB6,208 million was declared and paid in 2025. Pursuant to a
resolution passed at the shareholders’ general meeting on 31 October 2025, an interim dividend of RMB0.67 per
ordinary share (inclusive of tax) totalling RMB2,090 million was declared.


Pursuant to a resolution passed at the shareholders’ general meeting on 28 June 2024, a final dividend of RMB0.85
per ordinary share (inclusive of tax) totalling RMB2,652 million was declared. Pursuant to a resolution passed
at the shareholders’ general meeting on 6 November 2024, an interim dividend of RMB0.54 per ordinary share
(inclusive of tax) totalling RMB1,685 million was declared.




294 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
          About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




37. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(1)   Related parties
(a)   Subsidiaries
Refer to Note 42 for the basic and related information of subsidiaries.


(b)   Associates and joint venture
Refer to Note 10 for the basic and related information of associates and joint venture.


(c)   Other related parties
The table set forth below summarises the significant related parties of the Company:


 Significant related parties                   Relationships


 Central Huijin Investment Ltd. (“Huijin”)     Shareholder that has significant influence over the Company
 China Baowu Steel Group Corporation           Shareholder that has significant influence over the Company
   Limited
 Hwabao WP Fund Management Co., Ltd.           Company under indirect control of the shareholder that has
   (“Hwabao WP Fund”)                            significant influence over the Company




                                                                     FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     295
Section 11




37. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
(2)    Significant transactions with related parties
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2025             2024


 Transactions between the Group and other related parties
   – Interest from bonds issued by Huijin                                             19               22
   – Investment income arising from investing fund of Hwabao WP Fund                   2                1

 Transactions between the Group and its associates
   – Dividends declared from Hangzhou Bank                                           138                –
   – Dividends declared from China Jinmao                                             33               33

 Transactions between the Group and its joint venture
   – Health check and service fee paid to New China Health                            16               19
   – Rent earned from New China Health                                                 7                8
   – Dividends declared from Guofeng Xinghua                                           1                –

 Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries
   – Investment management fee to Asset Management Company                           875              819
   – Investment management fee to New China Asset Management
       (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd. (“Asset Management Company
       (Hong Kong)”)                                                                 189               64
   – Additional capital contribution to Xinhua Village Seniors Operation
       Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (“Xinhua Seniors Operation”)                   165               30
   – Additional capital contribution to Asset Management Company
       (Hong Kong)                                                                   142                –
   – Rent and property fee paid to Xinhua Haoran (Beijing) Property
       Management Co., LTD (“Xinhua Haoran”)                                          45               41
   – Rent paid to Hefei New China Life Supporting Construction
       Operation Management Co., Ltd. (“Hefei Supporting Operation”)                  30               32
   – Rent earned from Asset Management Company                                        24               24
   – Conference and training fees paid to Xinhua Yiyue Health Care
       Industry (Beijing) Co., LTD. (“Xinhua Yiyue Health Care”)                      19                9
   – IT service fee paid to New China Electronic Commerce Co., Ltd.
       (“Electronic Commerce”)                                                        16               21
   – Rent earned from New China Pension Co., Ltd. (“New China
       Pension”)                                                                       7                7
   – Health check fee paid to New China Excellent Rehabilitation
       Hospital Co., Ltd. (“Rehabilitation Hospital”)                                  4                3
   – Management service fee paid to Guangzhou Yuerong Project
       Construction Management Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Yuerong”)                         2                2
   – Accommodation fee paid to Xinhua Seniors Operation                                2                –
   – Management fee for annuity account paid to New China Pension                      –                1
   – Additional capital contribution to Hefei Supporting Operation                     –              210




296 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
            About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




37. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
(2)    Significant transactions with related parties (continued)
The above significant transactions with related parties did not constitute the continuing connected transactions
as defined in Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


The investment management fees to Asset Management Company and Asset Management Company (Hong
Kong), annuity account management fees paid to New China Pension are calculated based on the negotiated
service charge rate and the scale of investments. All other transactions are calculated based on the negotiated
price between transaction parties.


(3)    Related party balances
                                                                                            The Group

                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                   31 December          31 December
                                                                                            2025                 2024


 Balances with related parties
 Debt investments at FVTOCI
   Huijin                                                                                    333                  649
 Other payables
   New China Health                                                                            5                     4
 Other receivables
   New China Health                                                                            8                   15



                                                                                          The Company

                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                   31 December          31 December
                                                                                            2025                 2024


 Payables to subsidiaries
   Asset Management Company                                                                  147                  109
   Asset Management Company (Hong Kong)                                                      136                   12
   Electronic Commerce                                                                        18                   22
   Seniors Operation                                                                           1                     –



No impairment has been made for receivables from related parties as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: nil).


The balances between the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in the consolidated statement of
financial position.



                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025     297
Section 11




37. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
(4)    Key management’s remuneration
Key management members include directors, supervisors and senior management team members. Key management
members’ remuneration incurred by the Company is as follows:


                                                                            For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                        2025               2024


 Payroll and welfare                                                                      16                  15



The performance bonus for the key management members in 2025 has not yet been finalized and will be separately
disclosed later.


(5)    Transactions with state-owned enterprises
Under International Accounting Standard 24 (Amendment) (“IAS 24 (Amendment)”) “Related Party Disclosures”,
business transactions between state-owned enterprises controlled by the PRC government are within the scope of
related party transactions. The Group’s key business is insurance related and therefore, the business transactions
with other state-owned enterprises are primarily related to insurance and investment activities. The related party
transactions with other state-owned enterprises were conducted in the ordinary course of business. Due to the
complex ownership structure, the PRC government may hold indirect interests in many companies. Some of these
interests may, in themselves or when combined with other indirect interests, be controlling interests which may
not be known to the Group. Nevertheless, the Group believes that the following captures the material related
parties and has applied the IAS 24 (Amendment) exemption and disclosed only qualitative information.


As at 31 December 2025, most of the bank deposits were with state-owned banks, the issuers of debt financial
assets held by the Group were mainly state-owned enterprises; most investments were entrusted to state-owned
enterprises. For the year ended 31 December 2025, a large portion of its group insurance business of the Group
was with state-owned enterprises; the majority of bancassurance brokerage charges were paid to state-owned
banks and postal office; almost all of the reinsurance agreements of the Group were entered into with a state-
owned reinsurance company; and most of the bank deposits interest income was from state-owned banks.




298 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance       Corporate Governance     Financial Report




38. CHANGES IN LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
    ACTIVITIES
Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities are set out below:


                                                  Financial                                               Other liabilities
                                                     assets                                                     -Payables
                                                sold under                                                      related to
                                           agreements to                                                    asset-backed
                                               repurchase         Borrowings Lease liabilities                  securities


 As at 1 January 2025                              171,588             30,384                     715                     –
 Changes from financing cash flows                  19,244             (10,897)                   (362)             14,222
 New leases                                                –                    –                 264                     –
 Interest expenses                                    2,686                   686                   10                 128


 As at 31 December 2025                            193,518             20,173                     627               14,350



                                                   Financial                                               Other liabilities
                                                     assets                                                      -Payables
                                                 sold under                                                      related to
                                            agreements to                                                    asset-backed
                                                repurchase         Borrowings         Lease liabilities          securities


 As at 1 January 2024                              106,987             20,262                     760                6,487
 Changes from financing cash flows                  62,291               9,330                    (430)             (6,534)
 New leases                                                –                    –                 368                     –
 Interest expenses                                    2,310                   792                   17                   47


 As at 31 December 2024                            171,588             30,384                     715                     –




                                                                      FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025            299
Section 11




39. CONTINGENCIES
The Group is involved in estimations for contingencies and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business,
including but not limited to, being the plaintiff or the defendant in litigation and arbitration. Legal proceedings
mostly involve claims on the Group’s insurance policies, other claims, and litigation matters. Provision has been
made for probable losses of the Group, including those claims where management can reasonably estimate the
outcome of the lawsuits taking into account any legal advice.


No provision has been made for pending assessments, lawsuits or possible violations of contracts when the
outcome cannot be reasonably estimated or management believes the probability is low or remote. For these
pending lawsuits, management also believes that any resulting liabilities will not have a material adverse effect
on the financial position or operating results of the Group or any of its subsidiaries.


As at 31 December 2025, except for the items described above and all kinds of estimations and contingencies
resulting from insurance services within the scope of this report, the Group had no other significant contingencies
that required disclosures.


40. COMMITMENTS
(1)      Capital commitments
The Group had capital commitments for the purchase of property, plant and equipment and software, etc.
Management confirms that the Group has sufficient future income or funding to fulfil these capital commitments.


                                                                                          As at             As at
                                                                                 31 December       31 December
                                                                                          2025              2024


 Contracted, but not provided for                                                         1,130            1,694


 Total                                                                                    1,130            1,694


(2)      Investment commitments
As at 31 December 2025, a total amount of RMB2,214 million was disclosed as investment commitments contracted
but not provided for (31 December 2024: RMB3,534 million).




300 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
         About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE
    MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
Statement of Financial Position of the Company
                                                                                31 December          31 December
                                                                                         2025                 2024


ASSETS
  Property, plant and equipment                                                        11,189               12,491
  Investment properties                                                                11,009                8,728
  Right-of-use assets                                                                     717                  809
  Intangible assets                                                                     1,316                2,216
  Investments in subsidiaries                                                         104,555               53,882
  Investments in associates and joint ventures                                         65,222               29,857
  Financial investments

  – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                             476,887             445,729
  – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                252,346             267,531
  – Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                 535,620             473,259
  – Equity investments designated at fair value through other
      comprehensive income                                                             36,868               29,765

  Term deposits                                                                       284,999             273,457
  Statutory deposits                                                                      732                  778
  Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell                                 8,704                3,321
  Reinsurance contract assets                                                          11,065               10,812
  Deferred tax assets                                                                  21,229               19,546
  Other assets                                                                          4,707                6,534
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                            39,397               34,378


Total assets                                                                        1,866,562           1,673,093




                                                                    FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      301
Section 11




41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE
    MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
Statement of Financial Position of the Company (continued)
                                                          31 December     31 December
                                                                 2025            2024


 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
 Liabilities
   Insurance contract liabilities                            1,528,681      1,364,235
   Borrowings                                                  20,173          30,384
   Lease liabilities                                              597             678
   Financial assets sold under agreements to repurchase       181,915         169,734
   Other liabilities                                           31,126          16,167


 Total liabilities                                           1,762,492      1,581,198


 Shareholders’ equity
   Share capital                                                3,120           3,120
   Reserves                                                    (20,587)       (15,779)
   Retained earnings                                          121,537         104,554


 Total equity                                                 104,070          91,895


 Total liabilities and equity                                1,866,562      1,673,093




302 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
           About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement     Business Performance    Corporate Governance         Financial Report




41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE
    MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
Reserve movement of the Company
                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                      Other                       Reserve for
                                     Share         Other Comprehensive              Surplus          General
                                  Premium       Reserves             Income         Reserve             Risk              Total


As at 1 January 2025                23,962                 6         (82,488)        25,039           17,702           (15,779)


Other comprehensive income               –                 –         (14,222)             –                 –          (14,222)
Others                                   –               (90)              –              –                 –               (90)
Appropriation to reserves                –                 –               –          6,012            3,492             9,504


As at 31 December 2025              23,962               (84)        (96,710)        31,051           21,194           (20,587)



                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                      Other                       Reserve for
                                     Share          Other Comprehensive              Surplus          General
                                   Premium       Reserves            Income         Reserve              Risk             Total


As at 1 January 2024                23,962               15          (50,941)        21,721           15,182             9,939


Other comprehensive income               –                 –         (31,547)             –                 –           (31,547)
Others                                   –                (9)              –              –                 –                (9)
Appropriation to reserves                –                 –               –          3,318            2,520             5,838


As at 31 December 2024              23,962                 6         (82,488)        25,039           17,702            (15,779)




                                                                          FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025           303
Section 11




42. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
Details of the Company’s subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                                                                            Percentage of equity
                                                                                                                                               attributable to
                                              Place of incorporation/
                                                                                                                                                the Company
                                              registration and                                                           Registered share
                                              business                Principal activities          Type of legal entity capital              Direct      Indirect

   Asset Management Company                   Beijing, China           Asset management             Limited company     RMB500 million       99.40%            –
   Asset Management Company (Hong Kong) (i)   Hong Kong, China         Asset management             Limited company     HKD75 million        60.00%       39.76%
   Xinhua Yiyue Health Care                   Beijing, China           Service                      Limited company     RMB1,843 million    100.00%            –
   Xinhua Jiayue Health Care Industry         Beijing, China           Elderly care services and    Limited company     RMB964 million      100.00%            –
     (Beijing) Co., LTD                                                  enterprise management
   Xinhua Seniors Operation(ii)               Beijing, China           Service                      Limited company     RMB260 million      100.00%                –
   Electronic Commerce                        Beijing, China           Electronic commerce          Limited company     RMB200 million      100.00%                –
   Guangzhou Yuerong                          Guangzhou, China         Real estate property         Limited company     RMB10 million       100.00%                –
                                                                         investment and
                                                                         management
   Hefei Supporting Operation                 Hefei, China             Service                      Limited company     RMB3,200 million    100.00%            –
   New China Pension                          Shenzhen, China          Insurance service            Limited company     RMB5 billion         99.80%        0.20%
   Xinhua Yiyue Health Care (Hainan) (iii)    Qionghai, China          Real estate property         Limited company     RMB1,908 million    100.00%            –
                                                                         development and training
   Xinhua Haoran                              Beijing, China           Real estate lease and        Limited company     RMB500 million      100.00%                –
                                                                         property management
   Rehabilitation Hospital                    Beijing, China           Medical service              Limited company     RMB170 million      100.00%                –


(i)        In 2025, the Company paid an amount of RMB142 million as capital injection to Asset Management Company (Hong Kong). Up to 31 December
           2025, the Company’s accumulated capital contributions to Asset Management Company (Hong Kong) achieved RMB182 million.


(ii)       In 2025, the Company paid an amount of RMB165 million as capital injection to Xinhua Seniors Operation. Up to 31 December 2025, the Company’s
           accumulated capital contributions to Xinhua Seniors Operation achieved RMB260 million.


(iii)      Xinhua Yiyue Health Care (Hainan), formerly known as Hainan Seniors, completed the registration of industrial and commercial change on 19
           September 2025, and changed the company name.




Except for above mentioned, there was no significant change in investments in subsidiaries for the year ended
31 December 2025.


All subsidiaries of the Company are unlisted, there are no issued share capital or debt securities.


All companies comprising the Group have adopted 31 December as their financial year end date.




304 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
            About New China Life       Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance     Corporate Governance      Financial Report




42. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
Details of the Company’s principal controlled structured entities as at 31 December 2025 are as follow:


                                                                                                                     Percentage
                                                                                                  Registered/          of equity
                                                                                                  Committed         attributable
                                                              Principal activities               share capital     to the Group


 Kunhua (Tianjin) Equity Investment Partnership               Private equity funds           RMB9,437 million           99.99%
   (Limited partnership)
 New China Asset Management –                                 Asset management plan          RMB5,230 million           31.13%
   Mingyan No.1 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                                 Asset management plan           RMB4,783million          100.00%
   Mingyi No.45 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                                 Asset management plan          RMB4,782 million          100.00%
   Mingyi No.42 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                                 Asset management plan          RMB4,777 million          100.00%
   Mingyi No.44 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                                 Asset management plan          RMB4,767 million          100.00%
   Mingyi No.46 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                                 Asset management plan          RMB4,744 million          100.00%
   Mingyi No.40 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                                 Asset management plan          RMB4,670 million          100.00%
   Mingyi No.37 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                                 Asset management plan          RMB3,836 million          100.00%
   Mingyi No.17 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                                 Asset management plan          RMB2,704 million          100.00%
   Mingmiao No.2 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                                 Asset management plan          RMB2,238 million           66.18%
   Mingmiao No.9 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                                 Asset management plan          RMB2,086 million          100.00%
   Mingyi No.27 Asset Management Product
 New China-Wanke Wuhan Plant and                              Debt investment plan           RMB2,040 million          100.00%
   Equipment Debt Investment Plan
 New China Asset Management –                                 Asset management plan          RMB1,801 million          100.00%
   Mingyi No.51 Asset Management Product




                                                                               FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      305
Section 11




42. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                  Percentage
                                                                                  Registered/       of equity
                                                                                   Committed      attributable
                                                      Principal activities       share capital   to the Group


 New China Asset Management –                         Asset management plan   RMB1,801 million       100.00%
   Mingyi No.52 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                         Asset management plan   RMB1,801 million       100.00%
   Mingyi No.47 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                         Asset management plan   RMB1,800 million       100.00%
   Mingyi No.50 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                         Asset management plan   RMB1,800 million       100.00%
   Mingyi No.43 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                         Asset management plan   RMB1,800 million       100.00%
   Mingyi No.49 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                         Asset management plan   RMB1,800 million       100.00%
   Mingyi No.48 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                         Asset management plan   RMB1,787 million        56.85%
   Mingmiao No.8 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                         Asset management plan   RMB1,787 million        94.54%
   Mingyi No.21 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                         Asset management plan   RMB1,769 million        89.56%
   Mingyi No.12 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                         Asset management plan   RMB1,710 million        99.98%
   Mingyi No.13 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                         Asset management plan   RMB1,621 million       100.00%
   Mingyi No.36 Asset Management Product
 New China-Wanke Logistics Infrastructure and         Debt investment plan    RMB1,577 million       100.00%
   Property Debt Investment Plan (Third Phase)
 New China Asset Management –                         Asset management plan   RMB1,571 million        99.15%
   Mingyi No.7 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                         Asset management plan   RMB1,562 million        99.98%
   Mingyi No.24 Asset Management Product
 Zhong Ou AMC New China Life High Dividend Strategy   Asset management plan   RMB1,500 million       100.00%
   Single Asset Management Plan




306 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
            About New China Life    Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance     Corporate Governance      Financial Report




42. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                  Percentage
                                                                                               Registered/          of equity
                                                                                               Committed         attributable
                                                           Principal activities               share capital     to the Group


 New China-Urban Construction Development Infrastructure   Debt investment plan            RMB1,500million          100.00%
   and Property Debt Investment Plan (Second Phase)
 New China Asset Management –                              Asset management plan          RMB1,236 million           53.62%
   Mingmiao No.7 Asset Management Product
 New China Asset Management –                              Asset management plan          RMB1,132 million           54.22%
   Mingmiao No.5 Asset Management Product
 New China-Wanke Kunming Debt Investment Plan              Debt investment plan           RMB1,100 million          100.00%
   (First Phase)



All subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities are included in the consolidation. There are no significant
restrictions on the use of assets or the discharge of liabilities of all subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities.
The non-controlling interests of subsidiaries are immaterial to the Group, while the non-controlling interests of
consolidated structured entities are recorded in financial liabilities at FVTPL or other liabilities.


The English names of certain subsidiaries represent the best effort made by the management of the Company
in translating their Chinese names as they do not have official English names.




                                                                            FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      307
Section 11




43. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S
    REMUNERATION
(1)       Directors’ emoluments
The directors receive compensation in the form of directors’ fees, salaries, allowances and benefits in kind, bonuses,
pension scheme contributions, employee benefits and others. Bonuses represent the variable components in the
directors’ compensation which are linked to the performance of the Group and each of the individual directors.


The aggregate amounts of emoluments of directors of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 are
as follows (in RMB thousands):


                                                                                        2025
                                                      Salaries,
                                                   allowances                           Pension
                                    Directors’    and benefits                           scheme         Employee
   Name                                   fees         in kind         Bonuses     contributions         benefits            Others            Total


   Yucheng Yang                              –            1,705                –               208               5                 –           1,918
   Xingfeng Gong                             –            1,311                –               341               9                 –           1,661
   Sixue Mao (i) (vii)                       –                –                –                 –               –                 –               –
   Xingda He (ii) (vii)                      –                –                –                 –               –                 –               –
   Qiqiang Li (iii) (vii)                    –                –                –                 –               –                 –               –
   Xiaodong Zhang (iv) (vii)                 –                –                –                 –               –                 –               –
   Xue Yang (vii)                            –                –                –                 –               –                 –               –
   Aimin Hu (vii)                            –                –                –                 –               –                 –               –
   Yiu Tim Ma                              270                –                –                 –               –                 –             270
   Guanrong Lai (v)                        270                –                –                 –               –                 –             270
   Xu Xu                                   320                –                –                 –               –                 –             320
   Yongqing Guo                            320                –                –                 –               –                 –             320
   Zhi Zhuo (vi)                           135                –                –                 –               –                 –             135


During the year, no director waived or has agreed to waive any emoluments.

(i)       The Company held the First Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 on 10 January 2025, and agreed to elect Ms. Sixue Mao as a non-executive
          director of the 8th Board of Directors of the Company. Ms. Sixue Mao’s qualification was approved by the National Administration of Financial
          Regulation on 26 March 2025.


(ii)      Resigned as a non-executive director in March 2025.


(iii)     Resigned as a non-executive director in June 2025.


(iv)      The Company held the 2024 Annual General Meeting on 27 June 2025 and agreed to elect Mr. Xiaodong Zhang as a non-executive director
          of the 8th Board of Directors. On 6 August 2025, Mr. Xiaodong Zhang’s qualification for the position of director was approved by the National
          Administration of Financial Regulation.


(v)       Retired as an independent director upon term expiry in December 2025.


(vi)      The Company held the First Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 on 10 January 2025, and agreed to elect Mr. Zhi Zhuo as an independent
          director of the 8th Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Zhi Zhuo’s qualification was approved by the National Administration of Financial
          Regulation on 5 June 2025.


(vii)     These directors did not receive compensations from the Company.


308 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
                     About New China Life       Chairman’s Statement         Business Performance         Corporate Governance          Financial Report




43. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S
    REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)
(1)           Directors’ emoluments (continued)
The aggregate amounts of emoluments of directors of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 are
as follows (in RMB thousands):


                                                                                             2024

                                                           Salaries,
                                                         allowances                           Pension
                                         Directors’    and benefits                           scheme         Employee
   Name                                       fees           in kind        Bonuses      contributions         benefits           Others             Total


   Yucheng Yang                                  –            1,710                 –               270               5                –            1,985
   Xingfeng Gong (i)                             –            1,310                 –               222               5                –            1,537
   Hong Zhang (ii)                               –            1,251                 –               184               5                –            1,440
   Yi Yang(iii) (iv)                             –                 –                –                 –               –                –                 –
   Xingda He(iv)                                 –                 –                –                 –               –                –                 –
      Xue Yang(iv)                               –                 –                –                 –               –                –                 –
      Aimin Hu(iv)                               –                 –                –                 –               –                –                 –
      Qiqiang Li(iv)                             –                 –                –                 –               –                –                 –
      Yiu Tim Ma                               270                 –                –                 –               –                –              270
      Guanrong Lai                             270                 –                –                 –               –                –              270
      Xu Xu                                    320                 –                –                 –               –                –              320
      Yongqing Guo                             320                 –                –                 –               –                –              320



During the year, no director waived or has agreed to waive any emoluments.

(i)           The Company held the 25th meeting of the 8th Board of Directors on 30 September 2024 and agreed to elect Mr. Xingfeng Gong to serve as the
              executive director of the 8th Board of Directors of the Company. Approved by the National Administration of Financial Regulation, Mr. Xingfeng
              Gong has been serving as the President from December 2024.


(ii)          Resigned as executive director, president and all other positions on 30 September 2024.


(iii)         Resigned as non-executive director on 2 December 2024.


(iv)          These directors did not receive compensations from the Company.




                                                                                               FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025                309
Section 11




43. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S
    REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)
(2)         Supervisors’ emoluments
The aggregate amounts of emoluments of supervisors of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025
are as follows (in RMB thousands):


                                                                                           2025

                                              Salaries,
                                            allowances                             Pension
                                           and benefits                            scheme         Employee
  Name                                          in kind         Bonuses       contributions        benefits   Others   Total


  Debin Liu(i)                                        –                –                  –              –         –       –
  Jiannan Yu(i)                                       –                –                  –              –         –       –
  Chongsong Liu                                     946              206                303              4         –   1,459
      Zhongzhu Wang(i)                                –                –                  –              –         –       –


(i)         These supervisors do not receive compensation from the Company.




The aggregate amounts of emoluments of supervisors of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024
are as follows (in RMB thousands):


                                                                                           2024

                                               Salaries,
                                             allowances                             Pension
                                           and benefits                             scheme        Employee
  Name                                           in kind        Bonuses        contributions       benefits   Others   Total


  Debin Liu(i)                                        –                –                  –              –         –       –
  Jiannan Yu(i)                                       –                –                  –              –         –       –
  Chongsong Liu                                   1,444              745                382             10         –   2,581
  Zhongzhu Wang(i)                                    –                –                  –              –         –       –


(i)         These supervisors do not receive compensation from the Company.




310 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
            About New China Life   Chairman’s Statement   Business Performance   Corporate Governance   Financial Report




43. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S
    REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)
(3)      Five highest paid individuals
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group
include 0 (for the year ended 31 December 2024: 0) director and the directors’ emoluments were reflected in the
analysis presented above.


For the year ended 31 December 2025, details of remuneration of the 5 (for the year ended 31 December 2024:
5) highest paid individuals are as follows (in RMB thousands):


                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                            2025                 2024


 Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                 9,946                8,984
 Bonuses                                                                                     938                  883
 Pension scheme contributions                                                              2,138                1,940
 Employee benefits                                                                            40                   41
 Others                                                                                        –                     –


 Total                                                                                    13,062               11,848



The emoluments of the 5 highest paid individuals fell within the following bands:


                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                            2025                 2024


 HK$2,000,001 – HK$2,500,000                                                                   1                     3
 HK$2,500,001 – HK$3,000,000                                                                   3                     2
 HK$3,000,001 – HK$3,500,000                                                                   –                     –
 HK$3,500,001 – HK$4,000,000                                                                   1                     –
 HK$4,000,001 – HK$4,500,000                                                                   –                     –
 HK$4,500,001 – HK$5,000,000                                                                   –                     –



No emoluments have been paid by the Group to the directors, supervisors or highest paid individuals as an
inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.




                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2025      311
Section 11




44. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Pursuant to a resolution approved at the meeting of the Board of Directors on 27 March 2026, an annual dividend
of RMB2.73 per ordinary share (inclusive of tax) totalling RMB8,516 million was proposed, after providing the
statutory surplus reserve, discretionary surplus reserve and reserve for general risk. After deducting the interim
dividend of RMB0.67 per ordinary share (inclusive of tax), a final dividend of RMB2.06 per ordinary share (inclusive
of tax) totalling RMB6,426 million was proposed. The profit distribution plan shall become effective upon the
approval of the shareholders’ general meeting.


45. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The consolidated financial statements have been approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on
27 March 2026.




312 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 | FINANCIAL REPORT
This report is printed on Environmental Friendly paper
           ޶ ௛ ⤮ Լ ཙ ៝ 㭰 ㌃




         NCI Official Account   IR Website




ᛕⷒ֮േ‫ډ‬㬳⭈‫ם‬៙㫯޺ॶ
