2022
Annual
Information
Form
March 24, 2022
Magna International Inc.
Contents
Annual Information Form
  2   Forward-Looking Statements
  4   Corporate Structure
  4   About Magna
  6   Our Industry
  9   Our Business & Strategy
 18   Risk Factors
 25   Description of the Business
 38   Innovation and Research & Development
 42   Capital Structure, Financings & Credit Ratings
 45   Directors & Executive Officers
 48   Legal Proceedings
 49   Other Information
 50   Schedules
A-1   Appendix 1 – Sustainability Report FY 2021
Im por t a n t I n for ma ti on A b out t h i s D o c u m e n t
This Annual Information Form (“AIF”) provides information about Magna International Inc. (“Magna”), including its industry, corporate
structure, strategy, risk factors relating to its business and operations, products and services, sustainability activities, and other information
related to its business activities.
Readers should note that in this AIF:

◾ we use the terms “you” and “your” to refer to the shareholder,           ◾   sales figures disclosed have been prepared in accordance with
  while “we”, “us”, “our”, “company” and “Magna” refer to Magna                United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
  International Inc. and, where applicable, its subsidiaries;                  (U.S. GAAP);
◾ we use the term “Executive Management” to refer to our Chief             ◾   where we have referred to specific customers or competitors, the
  Executive Officer, together with our President and all other                 reference includes the customers’ or competitors’ operating
  corporate Executive Vice-Presidents;                                         divisions and subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated;
◾ we use the term “Operating Group management” to refer to our
                                                                           ◾   facility and employee figures include certain equity-accounted
  management within each of the product-based business units
                                                                               operations, unless otherwise indicated;
  corresponding        to    the      capabilities    described       in
                                                                           ◾   references to our “Circular” refer to our Management Information
  “Section 6 – Description of the Business – Products & Services”
  in this AIF;                                                                 Circular/Proxy Statement dated March 24, 2022 for our
◾ dollar amounts in this AIF are stated in U.S. dollars, unless                virtual-only 2022 Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders to
  otherwise indicated;                                                         be held on May 3, 2022 (the “Meeting”); and
◾ a reference to “fiscal year” is a reference to the fiscal or financial   ◾   information is current as of March 16, 2022, unless otherwise
  year from January 1 to December 31 of the year stated;                       indicated


Fo rwa rd- Lo ok i n g S t a temen t s
We disclose “forward-looking information” or “forward-looking statements” (collectively, “forward-looking statements”) to provide information
about management’s current expectations and plans. Such forward-looking statements may not be appropriate for other purposes.
Forward-looking statements may include financial and other projections, as well as statements regarding our future plans, objectives or
economic performance, or the assumptions underlying any of the foregoing, and other statements that are not recitations of historical fact.
We use words such as “may”, “would”, “could”, “should”, “will”, “likely”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “intend”, “plan”, “aim”, “forecast”,
“outlook”, “project”, “estimate”, “target” and similar expressions suggesting future outcomes or events to identify forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements in this AIF include, but are not limited to, statements relating to:

◾ implementation of our business strategy, including: increasing           ◾ our approach to capital structure, including future returns of
  capital deployment toward high-growth areas aligned with the               capital to our shareholders through dividends and share
  “Car of the Future”; driving operational excellence; and unlocking         repurchases;
  new business models and markets;                                         ◾ implementation of our sustainability strategy and initiatives and

◾ implementation of our segment-specific strategic initiatives;              achievement of sustainability targets/commitments; and
                                                                           ◾ estimates of future environmental clean-up and remediation costs


Forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and are based on assumptions and analyses made by us in
light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors
we believe are appropriate in the circumstances.
While we believe we have a reasonable basis for making such forward-looking statements, they are not a guarantee of future performance
or outcomes. Whether actual results and developments conform to our expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks,
assumptions and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and the effects of which can be difficult to predict, including, without
limitation:




2     Annual Information Form
Risks Related to the Automotive Industry                                 Pricing/Cost Risks
                                                                         ◾  inflationary pressures;
◾ economic cyclicality;
                                                                         ◾ pricing risks following time of quote or award of new business;
◾ regional production volume declines, including as a result of the
                                                                         ◾ price concessions;
  semiconductor shortage, the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia’s
                                                                         ◾ commodity price volatility;
  invasion of Ukraine;
                                                                         ◾ declines in scrap steel/aluminum prices;
◾ intense competition;
◾ potential restrictions on free trade;
                                                                         Warranty/Recall Risks
◾ trade disputes/tariffs;
                                                                         ◾ costs related to repair or replacement of defective products,
                                                                           including due to a recall;
Customer and Supplier Related Risks
                                                                         ◾ warranty or recall costs that exceed warranty provision or
◾ concentration of sales with six customers;                               insurance coverage limits;
◾ inability to significantly grow our business with Asian customers;     ◾ product liability claims;
◾ emergence of potentially disruptive Electric Vehicle OEMs,
  including risks related to limited revenues/operating history of new   Acquisition Risks
  OEM entrants;                                                          ◾ competition for strategic acquisition targets;
◾ OEM consolidation and cooperation;                                     ◾ inherent merger and acquisition risks;
◾ shifts in market shares among vehicles or vehicle segments;            ◾ acquisition integration risk;
◾ shifts in consumer “take rates” for products we sell;
◾ dependence on outsourcing;                                             Other Business Risks
◾ quarterly sales fluctuations;
                                                                         ◾ risks related to conducting business through joint ventures;
◾ potential loss of any material purchase orders;                        ◾ our ability to consistently develop and commercialize innovative
◾ a deterioration of the financial condition of our supply base,           products or processes;
  including as a result of the COVID‐19 pandemic, inflationary           ◾ intellectual property risks;
  pressures, the semiconductor chip shortage or otherwise;               ◾ our investments in technology companies;
                                                                         ◾ our changing business risk profile as a result of increased
Manufacturing/Operational Risks                                            investment in electrification and autonomous/assisted driving,
◾ risks arising from Russia’s invasion of Ukraine;                         including: higher R&D engineering costs, and challenges in
◾ the impact of the semiconductor chip shortage on customer                quoting for profitable returns on products for which we may not
  production volumes and on the efficiency of our operations;              have significant quoting experience;
                                                                         ◾ risks of conducting business in foreign markets;
◾ COVID‐19‐related risks;
                                                                         ◾ fluctuations in relative currency values;
◾ supply disruptions and applicable costs related to supply
                                                                         ◾ an increase in our pension funding obligations;
  disruption mitigation initiatives, including as a result of the
                                                                         ◾ tax risks;
  semiconductor chip shortage;
                                                                         ◾ reduced financial flexibility as a result of an economic shock;
◾ regional energy shortages/disruptions;
                                                                         ◾ inability to achieve future investment returns that equal or exceed
◾ product and new facility launch risks;
                                                                           past returns;
◾ operational underperformance;
                                                                         ◾ changes in credit ratings assigned to us;
◾ restructuring costs;
                                                                         ◾ the unpredictability of, and fluctuation in, the trading price of our
◾ impairment charges;
                                                                           Common Shares;
◾ labour disruptions;
                                                                         ◾ a reduction or suspension of our dividend;
◾ climate change risks;
◾ skilled labour attraction/retention;                                   Legal, Regulatory and Other Risks
◾ leadership succession;
                                                                         ◾ antitrust risk;
                                                                         ◾ legal claims and/or regulatory actions against us;
IT Security/Cybersecurity Risks
                                                                         ◾ changes in laws and regulations, including those related to vehicle
◾   IT/cybersecurity breach;                                               emissions or made as a result of the COVID‐19 pandemic; and
◾   product cybersecurity breach;                                        ◾ environmental compliance costs.



In evaluating forward-looking statements or forward-looking information, we caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-
looking statement, and readers should specifically consider the various factors which could cause actual events or results to differ materially
from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including the risks, assumptions and uncertainties above that are discussed in
greater detail in this AIF under “Section 5 – Risk Factors”.




                                                                                                             Magna International Inc.         3
1. Corporate Structure
Is su er
Magna was originally incorporated under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada on November 16, 1961. Our charter documents
currently consist of amended and restated articles of incorporation dated December 31, 2017, which were issued pursuant to the Business
Corporations Act (Ontario).
Our registered and head office is located at 337 Magna Drive, Aurora, Ontario, Canada L4G 7K1. Our Common Shares trade on the Toronto
Stock Exchange (MG) and the New York Stock Exchange (MGA). For a list of our principal subsidiaries and investments, please refer to
Schedule A.



2. About Magna
Over view
Magna is more than one of the world’s largest Tier 1 suppliers in the automotive space. We are a mobility technology company with more
than 158,000 entrepreneurial-minded employees, 343 manufacturing and assembly operations and 91 product development, engineering
and sales (“PDE&S”) centres in 28 countries, as follows.




                                                                           71
                            49                   Western Europe
     Canada                 10
                                                                           42


                                                                                      37
                                                  Eastern Europe                       2
                                 55
                                 13        USA
                                                                                                                 87
                                                                                                                 20     Asia
                                                                      2
          Mexico       31                                 Africa      1
                       0




                                                 11
                       South America              3




                                      Manufacturing / Assembly     Product Development / Engineering / Sales

We have complete vehicle engineering and contract manufacturing expertise, as well as product capabilities which include body, chassis,
exterior, seating, powertrain, active driver assistance, electronics, mechatronics, mirrors, lighting and roof systems. Magna also has
electronic and software capabilities across many of these areas.
Our business is managed under operating segments which have been determined on the basis of technological opportunities, product
similarities, as well as market and operating factors. Our internal financial reporting is aligned with the way our business is managed.
Accordingly, we present key internal operating performance measures for the following reporting segments to our chief operating decision
maker to use in the assessment of operating performance, allocation of resources, and to help plan our long-term strategic direction and
future global growth:

     ◾   Body Exteriors & Structures                                              ◾    Seating Systems
     ◾   Power & Vision                                                           ◾    Complete Vehicles



4    Annual Information Form
Ou r Corporate C u l tu r e
At Magna’s foundation is an entrepreneurial, decentralized, fair enterprise culture, the key elements of which are as follows:

Entrepreneurialism and Decentralization
We follow a corporate policy of functional and operational decentralization, which we believe increases flexibility, customer responsiveness
and productivity.
  ◾   Our manufacturing and assembly operations are conducted through “Divisions”, each of which is an autonomous business unit
      operating within pre-determined guidelines. Each Division is a separate profit centre under the authority of a general manager who has
      the discretion to determine rates of pay, hours of work and sources of supply, within the framework of our Employee’s Charter, our
      Global Labour Standards Policy and our Operational Principles (each as described below), as well as our corporate policies.
  ◾   Divisions are aligned globally by product area in Operating Groups. Operating Group management is responsible for overseeing the
      Divisions within its product area(s), including approval of Divisional business plans and preparation of Group business plans for
      presentation to Executive Management. Our Operating Groups are aligned under four reporting segments overseen by members of
      Executive Management to ensure that the Operating Groups are: taking advantage of cross-Group synergies; sharing research and
      development and best practices; and consistently approaching technology trends that impact their business and our customers.
  ◾   Our Executive Management team, led by our CEO, interfaces with the investment community and is responsible for our long-term
      strategic planning and future growth, as well as monitoring the performance of Operating Group management. In addition, our Executive
      Management: allocates capital; oversees mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances; manages global marketing and customer
      strategies; develops employee policies and programs; manages leadership training, development and succession planning; oversees
      our sustainability strategy and provides support for global sustainability initiatives; and develops common finance, internal controls,
      compliance, IT, quality, environmental, health & safety, ergonomics and other policies, programs or global standards.

Employee’s Charter & Global Labour Standards Policy
We are committed to operating our business in a way that is based on fairness and concern for our employees. Our Employee’s Charter sets
out key principles outlining this commitment. Our Global Labour Standards Policy further articulates our Fair Enterprise Culture and provides
a framework for our commitment to fundamental human rights and international labour relations. See “Appendix 1 – Sustainability
Report – Section 4.2 Fairness and Concern for Employees” for a description of our human resource principles, including our Employee’s
Charter, as well as the details of our Global Labour Standards Policy and the key commitments that it sets out.

Operational Excellence and World Class Manufacturing
As part of our strategic priority of achieving Operational Excellence, including our efforts to implement next generation World Class
Manufacturing in our facilities globally, each facility is required to adhere to a set of Operational Principles that define a set of common goals
and recommended tools/business practices in the following areas: Employee Focus; Safe and Healthful Work Environment; Pride in
Craftsmanship and Total Quality; Integrity and Respect; Operational Effectiveness; Scrap and Waste Elimination; Operational Availability;
Communication; and Recognition and Rewards. The Magna Operational Principles are linked to our MAFACT assessment system (detailed
in “Section 6 – Description of the Business – Manufacturing & Engineering” in this AIF) to allow our operations to continually measure their
progress in achieving World Class Manufacturing.

Incentive-Based Management Compensation
We maintain an incentive-based compensation system for management, which directly links short-term incentive compensation to the
operational performance of an applicable business unit, as measured by profitability. In the case of our Divisions and Operating Groups, the
short-term incentive formula also takes into account capital efficiency through a charge for funds employed. Incentive Compensation for
Operating Group management includes long-term equity incentives tied to stock market performance of our shares and, for certain senior
leaders, performance-based incentives tied to Group-specific financial metrics, while compensation for Executive Management takes capital
efficiency into account through equity compensation linked to return on invested capital, and also addresses sensitivity to stock market
performance through equity compensation linked to total shareholder return relative to a group of industry peers. Our approach to executive
compensation is described in further detail in the sections of our Circular titled “Compensation and Performance Report” and “Compensation
Discussion & Analysis”.

Sustainability
We are committed to being a responsible corporate citizen that conducts business in a manner that balances profits, people and planet.
Magna accepts the reality of climate change and the importance of addressing sustainability in our operations. To this end, we are committed
to achieving carbon neutrality with respect to Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2025 for our European operations, and by 2030 globally.
For a full discussion of our sustainability strategy, initiatives and achievements to date, see “Appendix 1 – Sustainability Report”.

                                                                                                              Magna International Inc.          5
3. Our Industry
Ge nera l
The global automotive industry is a complex, high-tech manufacturing industry. Tier 1 automotive suppliers (“Tier 1 Suppliers”) design,
engineer and manufacture components, assemblies, systems, subsystems and modules for original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs” or
“automobile manufacturers”) of vehicles and light trucks. Tier 1 Suppliers source subcomponents from Tier 2 and other sub-suppliers,
which are integrated into the products sold by the Tier 1 Suppliers directly to OEMs.
The global automotive industry is cyclical and is sensitive to a broad range of macroeconomic, political and other trends as discussed in
“Section 4 – Our Business & Strategy” in this AIF. Throughout 2021, the automotive industry experienced several significant supply
constraints and, in particular, a semiconductor chip shortage which negatively impacted global light vehicle production and is expected to
continue throughout 2022. The automotive industry also faced a number of macroeconomic challenges in 2021, including: regional
COVID-19 spikes, elevated levels of inflation, regional energy shortages, rising energy and commodity prices, and higher labour costs.
These macroeconomic conditions are continuing in 2022 and, in some cases, have been exacerbated by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in
February 2022. See “Section 4 – Our Business & Strategy – Macroeconomic, Political and Other Trends” and “Industry Trends” for details of
how these trends affect Magna and the automotive industry. See also “Industry Trends” in our Management’s Discussion & Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Position for the year ended December 31, 2021 (“MD&A”).

Au tomotive P r od u cti on M a r ke t s
OEMs have historically built their vehicles in the regions where those vehicles are primarily sold and, as a result, many OEMs have established
manufacturing facilities in multiple countries. Since OEMs typically use lean manufacturing and supply chain management techniques in
their operations, many Tier 1 Supplier facilities are generally located relatively close to OEM facilities to reduce the cost and risks associated
with longer supply chains. See “Section 6 – Description of the Business – Manufacturing & Engineering” of this AIF for details of Magna’s
global manufacturing footprint.
China, Europe, North America, Japan, India and South Korea represent the largest automotive production markets in the world, accounting
for approximately 90% of vehicles produced globally. China’s approximate 32% share of global production led all markets in 2021. The local
demand for vehicles in China, India and certain markets outside of North America and Western Europe has increased over time. This
increasing local demand has helped boost the local automotive industry in these countries and attracted investments in manufacturing from
North American, European and Asian-based automobile manufacturers, through stand-alone investments and/or joint ventures with local
partners. In the case of China, the increasing migration of component system and vehicle design, development and engineering, especially
for battery Electric Vehicles (“EVs”), is expected to further benefit the automotive industry in that market.

Cu stomers
OEMs produced over 77 million light vehicles in 2021, a slight increase over 2020 production, but significantly below pre‐pandemic levels
(91 million in 2019). The top 15 OEMs, representing 79% or approximately 61 million vehicles based on 2021 light vehicle production, were:

            1. Toyota Motor Corporation                                                9. Suzuki Motor Corporation
            2. Volkswagen Group                                                       10. BMW AG
            3. Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi Alliance                                     11. Daimler AG
            4. Hyundai Motor Group                                                    12. Zhejiang Geely Holding Group
            5. Stellantis N.V.                                                        13. SAIC‐GM‐Wuling Automobile*
            6. General Motors Company                                                 14. Chang’an Automobile (Group) Co., Ltd.
            7. Honda Motor Company                                                    15. Great Wall Motors
            8. Ford Motor Company
Source: IHS Markit
*   A joint venture between SAIC Motor, General Motors, and Liuzhou Wuling Motors Co Ltd.


The considerable growth of the Chinese automotive market over the past decade has led to the significant growth of a number of Chinese
OEMs, including Geely, SAIC, Chang’an and Great Wall, as listed above. In addition, the growing trend toward vehicle electrification has led
to the emergence of potentially-disruptive EV OEMs, particularly in China. See “Section 5 – Risk Factors – Emergence of Potentially
Disruptive EV OEMs” in this AIF.
For a list of our top customers on a consolidated basis and within each reporting segment, see “Section 6 – Description of the
Business – Products & Services” in this AIF.

Co mpetition
In spite of high barriers to entry in many product areas, as well as the highly capital intensive nature of the global Tier 1 automotive supply
industry, competition is fierce and intensifying from many different sources. For most of our Operating Groups, competition comes primarily

6       Annual Information Form
from automobile manufacturers and from other “traditional” Tier 1 Suppliers, including ones in which one or more automobile manufacturers
may have direct or indirect investments. However, with the growing importance of electrification and electronics in the automotive value
chain, a number of electronics and semiconductor companies have entered or expanded their presence in the automotive industry,
becoming direct competitors to Tier 1 Suppliers, including us. Additionally, disruptive technology innovators are changing the competitive
landscape of the automotive industry through the development of high-value product and service offerings, particularly in areas related to
vehicle electrification, vehicle autonomy, new mobility and connectivity. As a result of these trends, some suppliers seek to enhance their
competitive positioning by entering into strategic partnerships, joint ventures or collaborations with technology and software companies.
Lastly, competition has also intensified as automobile manufacturers have reduced the number of their Tier 1 Suppliers in connection with
their strategy to increase the number and range of vehicles built from high-volume global platforms.
The basis on which automobile manufacturers select automotive suppliers for particular programs is determined by a number of factors,
which may include: price; overall relationship, including historical performance with respect to innovation, quality and timeliness of delivery;
manufacturing footprint; proprietary technologies; financial strength; ability to test and validate new technologies for application in the
automotive industry; scope of in-house engineering and tooling capabilities; carbon footprint and alignment with the customer’s sustainability
goals/targets; existing agreements; and other factors.
The number of competitors that are asked by automobile manufacturers to bid on any individual product has been reduced in many cases.
We expect further reductions as a result of the increasing preference of automobile manufacturers to deal with fewer suppliers and reward
those suppliers with earlier and deeper involvement.
Based on 2020 global automotive parts sales to OEMs, the top 10 Tier 1 Suppliers globally were:

    Supplier                                Key Automotive Products**                   Supplier                     Key Automotive Products**
    1. Robert Bosch                         Powertrain solutions, chassis               6. Continental Corporation   Autonomous mobility and
                                            systems control, electrical                                              safety, vehicle networking and
                                            drives, car multimedia,                                                  information, powertrain, tires,
                                            electronics, aftermarket                                                 rubber, electric mobility,
                                            products, steering, connected                                            connected mobility
                                            mobility solutions
    2. Denso Corporation*                   Thermal systems, powertrain                 7. Hyundai Mobis*            In-vehicle infotainment (IVI)
                                            systems, electrification                                                 systems, braking, steering,
                                            systems, mobility systems,                                               lamps, safety, suspension,
                                            sensor system &                                                          autonomous driving,
                                            semiconductors                                                           electrification systems,
                                                                                                                     advanced driver assistance
                                                                                                                     systems
    3. ZF Friedrichshafen AG                Electrified powertrain, chassis,            8. Faurecia S.A.             Seating, interiors, clean
                                            driveline, braking systems,                                              mobility (exhaust systems),
                                            e‐Mobility steering, electronics                                         smart cockpit electronics &
                                            & advanced driver assistance                                             software integration
                                            systems, active & passive
                                            safety systems
    4. Magna International Inc.             Body and chassis, exteriors,                9. Lear Corporation          Seating, electrical distribution
                                            powertrain, electronics,                                                 and connection systems,
                                            mirrors and lighting,                                                    electronic systems, software
                                            mechatronics, seating                                                    and connected services,
                                            systems, vehicle engineering                                             electronic control modules,
                                            and manufacturing, roof                                                  electrification products,
                                            systems                                                                  connectivity products
    5. Aisin Seiki Co.*                     Powertrain, chassis and                     10. Valeo S.A.*              Comfort and driving
                                            vehicle safety systems, body,                                            assistance systems,
                                            vehicle navigation systems                                               powertrain systems, thermal
                                                                                                                     systems, visibility systems,
                                                                                                                     aftermarket products and
                                                                                                                     services

Source: Automotive News (supplement) (June 28, 2021)
*    OEM subsidiary or OEM investee.
** Key automotive product descriptions are based on information from each Tier 1 Supplier’s website.




                                                                                                                     Magna International Inc.           7
While no single Tier 1 Supplier currently supplies a full range of products which compete with ours, a number of Tier 1 Suppliers can produce
some or many of the same types of components, assemblies, modules and systems that we currently produce. Some of our competitors
may have greater technical or other resources than we do and some of them may be stronger in markets in which we operate. A list of our
key competitors within each product capability in our reporting segments can be found in “Section 6 – Description of the
Business – Products & Services” in this AIF. See also the risk factors related to “Intense Competition” and “Technology and Innovation” in
“Section 5 – Risk Factors” in this AIF.

Magna’s Foundational Strengths
We believe that we possess a number of foundational strengths that give us a competitive advantage as a Tier 1 Supplier, including our:
    ◾   decentralized operating model and entrepreneurial culture;
    ◾   manufacturing expertise;

    ◾   complete vehicle and broad systems engineering expertise
    ◾   strong balance sheet and emphasis on disciplined, profitable growth;
    ◾   depth of talent;

    ◾   global scale;
    ◾   focus on innovation and our “start‐up” mindset, as well as a strategic portfolio of product groups that enable us to provide innovative,
        complete vehicle solutions to our customers, while:

        ◾   generating cash to fund investments in high-growth areas; and
        ◾   enabling access to new business models and/or new customers.




8       Annual Information Form
4. Our Business & Strategy
Bu sin ess Dr i ver s
Our business and operating results are primarily dependent on the levels of North American, European and Chinese car and light truck
production by our customers. Ordinarily, OEM vehicle production levels are aligned with vehicle sales levels and thus affected by changes
in such levels. While we supply systems and components to every major OEM, we do not supply systems and components for every
vehicle, nor is the value of our content consistent from one vehicle to the next. As a result, customer and program mix relative to market
trends, as well as the value of our content on specific vehicle production programs, are important drivers of our performance. Key factors
impacting production volumes, product/customer mix, content and legislative/regulatory trends are listed below.

 Growth Driver                          Factors Potentially Impacting Growth Driver
 Vehicle Production Volumes             ◾ Vehicle sales levels, which are affected by:
                                          ◾ General macroeconomic and political conditions
                                          ◾ Consumer confidence levels, which may be affected by consumer perceptions and
                                             general trends related to the job, housing and stock markets, as well as elevated levels of
                                             inflation, and other macroeconomic and political factors, including COVID-19
                                          ◾ Interest rates and/or availability of credit
                                          ◾ Fuel and energy prices
                                          ◾ Relative currency values
                                          ◾ Regulatory restrictions on the use of vehicles in certain megacities
                                          ◾ COVID-19, including due to mandatory lockdowns/stay-at-home orders which restrict
                                             consumers’ ability to purchase vehicles
                                        ◾ Supply chains and infrastructure, including current supply chain disruptions due to the
                                          shortage of semiconductor chips, and labour shortages in the automotive value chain
                                        ◾ Energy supply disruptions or shortages that could result in unplanned production shutdowns
                                          of some of our, our sub-suppliers’ and customers’ manufacturing facilities
                                        ◾ Free trade arrangements, trade disputes and tariffs
                                        ◾ Availability and relative cost of skilled labour
                                        ◾ Labour disruptions
                                        ◾ Commodities prices
                                        ◾ Relative currency values
                                        ◾ Regulatory considerations, including environmental, emissions and safety standards
                                        ◾ COVID-19, including due to mandatory lockdowns/stay-at-home orders which:
                                          ◾ restrict production;
                                          ◾ cause elevated employee absenteeism; and
                                          ◾ lead to supply chain disruptions

 Customer and Program Mix               ◾ OEM outsourcing strategy, as well as their supplier preferences and relationships
                                        ◾ OEM decisions to allocate production inputs that are in limited supply, such as
                                          semiconductor chips, to certain programs and not others
                                        ◾ Business relations between us and each of our OEM customers
                                        ◾ Our ability to supply products from multiple production locations for global vehicle platforms
                                        ◾ Our capital allocation decisions
                                        ◾ Competitiveness of our products
                                        ◾ Exclusivity of our products due to certain intellectual property rights
                                        ◾ OEM consolidation and cooperation

 Magna Content on Specific              ◾ OEM outsourcing strategy and supplier preferences
 Programs or Platforms                  ◾ Our ability to supply products from multiple production locations for global vehicle platforms
                                        ◾ Our capital allocation decisions
                                        ◾ Technological, visual, haptic and other features/attributes of our products compared to
                                          competing products or the overall cost of such products to the end consumer
                                        ◾ Pricing of our products relative to competing products
                                        ◾ Perception/reputation for product quality, as well as timeliness of delivery
                                        ◾ Our product engineering capabilities
                                        ◾ Our ability to finance pre-production engineering costs
                                        ◾ The scope of our authority relative to the OEM, regarding sourcing of sub-components or
                                          products which are incorporated into the systems which we supply
                                        ◾ Consumer “take rates” for products we sell
                                        ◾ Collaboration among our Operating Groups




                                                                                                        Magna International Inc.           9
 Growth Driver                         Factors Potentially Impacting Growth Driver
 Legislative/regulatory trends         ◾ Regulatory vigour in mandating higher fuel efficiency, lower carbon emissions and/or
 promoting sustainability and safety     enhanced safety features
                                       ◾ Rise in the number of national/subnational jurisdictions committing to, or accelerating
                                         existing commitments to, phase-out of the sale or registration of new Internal Combustion
                                         (ICE) engines over the medium- to long term, which could accelerate OEM development of
                                         non-ICE vehicles

Ma croecon omi c, Pol i ti ca l a n d O t h e r Tr e n d s
The global automotive industry is cyclical and, as noted above, vehicle production and/or sales may be affected by a broad range of
macroeconomic, political and other factors. Some such factors which are currently affecting the industry are discussed below.

 Macroeconomic, Political & Other Trends     Description                                  Potential Impact on Magna
 Impact of global semiconductor chip         ◾ Global shortage of semiconductor chips     ◾ Lower sales
 shortage                                      since 2020 has materially adversely        ◾ Operational inefficiencies due to
                                               affected global automotive production        production lines being “stopped/
                                               volumes                                      restarted” unexpectedly based on OEM
                                             ◾ Shortage expected to continue                production priorities
                                               impacting vehicle production volumes in    ◾ Higher inventory levels
                                               2022 and could worsen as a result of       ◾ Increased costs, including premium
                                               Russia’s invasion of Ukraine                 freight costs and other unrecoverable
                                             ◾ OEMs actions in response to the              costs
                                               shortage have included: unplanned          ◾ Pricing pressures from sub-suppliers
                                               shutdowns of production lines and/or         negatively impacted by production
                                               plants; reductions in vehicle production     inefficiencies, premium freight costs
                                               plans; and changes to product mix            and/or other costs and surcharges
                                                                                          ◾ Challenges in retaining employees due
                                                                                            to production volatility
                                                                                          ◾ Financial stress on supply base

 Russian Invasion of Ukraine (2022)          ◾ Actions imposed on Russia by U.S.,         ◾ Lower sales for Magna manufacturing
                                               Canada, U.K., the European Union             operations:
                                               member states and other countries,           ◾ in Russia if OEM customers suspend
                                               including:                                      Russia production or stop selling
                                               ◾ Imposition of sanctions targeting             vehicles in Russia; and/or
                                                  certain Russian leadership and other      ◾ elsewhere if OEM customers
                                                  individuals                                  suspend production in manufacturing
                                               ◾ Restrictions on certain sectors of the        operations that rely on the supply of
                                                  Russian economy                              parts from Russia and/or Ukraine
                                               ◾ Expulsion of some Russian banks          ◾ Potential exacerbation of current risks,
                                                  from the SWIFT global banking             including:
                                                  system                                    ◾ disruption of vehicle production and
                                             ◾ Potential risks relating to Russian             supply chains;
                                               counter-sanctions or other measures,         ◾ worsening the current semiconductor
                                               such as penalties on Russian domiciled          chip shortage since Russia and
                                               companies and their management, as              Ukraine are critical suppliers of neon
                                               well as imposition of state management          gas and palladium used in chip
                                               on such companies and/or                        production;
                                               expropriation of foreign companies’          ◾ higher energy prices, particularly oil
                                               assets in Russia                                and natural gas; and
                                                                                            ◾ constraints on the supply of
                                                                                               aluminum, palladium or other
                                                                                               commodity metals required in
                                                                                               automotive production
                                                                                            ◾ Potential restructuring costs




10    Annual Information Form
Macroeconomic, Political & Other Trends   Description                                    Potential Impact on Magna
Impact of COVID-19 pandemic               ◾ Emergence and spread of new, more            ◾ Potential reductions of our customers’
                                            highly-transmissible variants of the virus     production including as a result of
                                            which could result in governmental             intermittent shutdowns of any of our
                                            regulation such as mandatory                   customers’, suppliers’ or our own
                                            lockdowns/stay-at-home orders or               facilities
                                            other restrictions, as is currently the      ◾ Potential for lower vehicle sales as a
                                            case in parts of China                         result of restrictions on consumers’
                                          ◾ Potential deterioration of economic            ability to purchase vehicles, and thus
                                            conditions, resulting in lower consumer        lower production volumes
                                            confidence which typically translates        ◾ Elevated levels of absenteeism or
                                            into lower vehicle sales and production        potential shortages of employees to
                                            levels                                         staff our facilities, or the facilities of our
                                          ◾ Continued disruptions to the ability to        customers or suppliers
                                            conduct business in ordinary course,         ◾ Prolonged disruptions of critical
                                            including due to travel and in-person          materials or components
                                            meeting restrictions                         ◾ Potential for premium freight costs or
                                                                                           increased costs arising from other
                                                                                           supplier mitigation activities for
                                                                                           products shipped from impacted areas
                                                                                         ◾ Potential for higher inventory levels in
                                                                                           the event of customer and/or supplier
                                                                                           shutdowns
                                                                                         ◾ Financial stress on supply base
                                                                                         ◾ Potential medium-to longer term
                                                                                           societal changes that expand work-from-
                                                                                           home practices and reduce consumer
                                                                                           reliance on vehicles; and/or increased
                                                                                           reluctance to use modes of public
                                                                                           transport and/or shared mobility
Elevated Levels of Inflation              ◾ Global markets currently experiencing        ◾ Higher (and potentially unrecoverable
                                            increasing inflation                           from customers) operating costs,
                                          ◾ Inflationary pressures expected to             including for: commodies; freight;
                                            continue in 2022                               energy and labour
                                                                                         ◾ Sub-supplier pricing pressures which
                                                                                           may not be recoverable through
                                                                                           continuous improvement, customer
                                                                                           price increases or otherwise
Regional Energy Shortages/Disruptions     ◾ Energy shortages in certain regions due      ◾ Increased operating costs in certain
                                            to economic recovery, weather events           regions
                                            and the transition to renewable energy       ◾ Potential unplanned production
                                            generation                                     shutdowns of some of our, our sub-
                                          ◾ An increase in costs for, and potential        suppliers’ and/or customers’ facilities
                                            disruption in the supply of, natural gas
                                            supply as a result of Russia’s invasion
                                            of Ukraine
Economic/political uncertainty            ◾ Deterioration of consumer confidence,        ◾ Potential for lower vehicle sales, and
                                            including as a result of:                      thus lower production volumes
                                            ◾ Impact of elevated levels of inflation     ◾ Planning and investment uncertainty
                                            ◾ Direct/indirect impacts of Russia’s        ◾ Increasing risk of pricing pressure from
                                               invasion of Ukraine, including:             OEMs and increasing financial stress on
                                               economic sanctions and other                supply base
                                               restrictive measures taken against        ◾ Potential impact on our sales and
                                               Russia                                      profits
                                          ◾ Potential economic impact of rising
                                            long-term interest rates
                                          ◾ Impact of COVID-19 on household
                                            income and employment levels may
                                            affect consumer confidence




                                                                                                   Magna International Inc.           11
 Macroeconomic, Political & Other Trends             Description                                      Potential Impact on Magna
 Accelerating focus on impact of climate             ◾ Governmental authorities, customers,           ◾ Opportunities from product strategy
 change                                                equity investors, lenders, rating                aligned with sustainable goals
                                                       agencies, employees and other                  ◾ Potential energy reduction opportunities
                                                       stakeholders increasing scrutiny of              could reduce operating costs
                                                       companies’ impact on and resilience to         ◾ Carbon neutrality strategies/
                                                       climate change                                   commitments could require increased
                                                     ◾ Focus on energy reduction and                    capital spending and/or involve higher
                                                       transition to renewable / carbon neutral         operating costs, including higher costs
                                                       energy sources                                   to purchase renewable energy and/or
                                                     ◾ Increasing expectations regarding                carbon offsets
                                                       disclosures of ESG metrics                     ◾ Potential for increased / decreased
                                                     ◾ Growth in investment demand for                  demand for Magna’s Common Shares,
                                                       companies demonstrating sustainable              based on market views as to
                                                       strategy and operations                          sustainability of the company
                                                     ◾ Heightened focus and concern on risk           ◾ Climate-related events can disrupt
                                                       of supply chain disruptions from                 automotive supply chains,
                                                       climate-related events, such as Texas            transportation routes and electricity
                                                       ice storm in February 2021                       grids
 Localization of production                          ◾ Pressure on OEMs to localize                   ◾ Planning and investment uncertainty
                                                       production of vehicles in markets in           ◾ May result in new opportunities for
                                                       which they are sold                              Magna in markets where we have
                                                     ◾ Potential to reduce costs and mitigate           available capacity or are well
                                                       risks associated with longer supply              established
                                                       chains                                         ◾ Could also result in duplication of
                                                                                                        capacity across markets


Ind u str y Tre n d s
The automotive industry is being defined by a number of global megatrends that have shaped our long-term strategy, including:

                 Megatrend                                              Impact on Automotive
                 Demographic Change & Individualism                     Product design will be influenced by aging population and growing
                                                                        individualization.
                 Digital Transformation                                 Connectivity and digitization impact both product and process. New vehicle
                                                                        architectures that connect the subsystems along with software functionality
 Society                                                                creates additional value to products. Process is also impacted due to
                                                                        increased digitization, driven by increased requirements for productivity and
                                                                        quality.
                 Health & Well-Being                                    ADAS and autonomy take rates will be driven both by consumer preferences
                                                                        as well as regulatory requirements tied to increased safety.
                 Urbanization                                           Continued growth in urban population will lead to changes in mobility as a
                                                                        result of increased density and congestion with an increase in electric vehicle
 Mobility                                                               adoption and new transport modalities.
                 New Mobility                                           Emerging new mobility eco-system offers a range of potential opportunities
                                                                        for new products and services.
 Economy         Natural Resources, Energy & Environmental              Increased focus on the environment and climate change will drive growth
                                                                        rates for electrification.

These global megatrends and other factors are driving a number of industry trends, which are discussed below together with their potential
impact on Magna.

 Automotive Industry Trends            Description                                               Potential Impact on Magna
 Continuing focus on reducing          ◾ Sustainability considerations and regulatory            ◾   Continuing opportunities to support OEM
 vehicle’s energy consumption            action, resulting in push for more efficient,               customers’ efforts through lightweighting,
 and CO2 emissions                       cleaner and smaller-displacement engines                    more efficient drivetrains, electrification and
                                       ◾ Increasing trend toward electrified vehicles                active aerodynamics
                                         drives demand for solutions to help extend
                                         driving range from single battery charge



12     Annual Information Form
Automotive Industry Trends         Description                                          Potential Impact on Magna
Accelerating demand for            ◾ Sustainability considerations and regulatory       ◾ Opportunities to grow Magna content and
electric, hybrid vehicles and        actions, including mandatory phase-outs of the       sales in areas such as drivetrain products
investment in vehicle                sale or registration of new ICE vehicles in the      and battery enclosures
electrification                      future, driving increased emphasis on              ◾ Strong level of investment required to grow
                                     electrified powertrains                              or maintain market share
                                   ◾ Increased interest in electrified solutions,       ◾ Pricing pressure on, and migration of value
                                     especially in Europe and China                       away from, traditional products in order for
                                   ◾ Growing proportion of SUVs and CUVs may              OEMs to accommodate cost of battery
                                     facilitate increased electrification                 systems and electrified products
                                   ◾ Significant development and engineering costs      ◾ Quoting risk and technology risks, as well
                                     for OEMs may drive increased outsourcing to          as lack of warranty experience with
                                     suppliers and increased collaboration among          electrified products
                                     OEMs                                               ◾ Increased competition, including from new
                                                                                          market entrants providing electrified
                                                                                          solutions
                                                                                        ◾ Potential risk of OEMs in-sourcing a greater
                                                                                          proportion of EV components and systems
                                                                                          production
                                                                                        ◾ Potential long-term displacement of some
                                                                                          mechanical products where there are
                                                                                          alternative electrified solutions
Continued growth in demand         ◾ Growth in demand for driver assistance             ◾ Opportunity to grow Magna content and
for driver assistance/active         features/active safety systems                       sales, particularly in ADAS products
safety systems, with longer-       ◾ Driven by tightening safety regulations and        ◾ Continued expenditures for growth in ADAS
term potential for growth in         continued growth in demand for luxury                required to develop Magna’s autonomous
autonomous driving                   segment vehicles                                     driving capabilities could impact short term
capabilities                                                                              financial performance
                                                                                        ◾ Quoting risk and technology risks, as well
                                                                                          as lack of warranty experience with ADAS
                                                                                          products
                                                                                        ◾ Potential challenges in attracting and
                                                                                          retaining highly skilled engineering and
                                                                                          software personnel
Disruption by new industry         ◾ Growth of ride hailing and ride sharing services   ◾ Alternative revenue streams or new
entrants offering “mobility as a     in urban areas                                       business opportunities for full-vehicle
service” (“MaaS”)                  ◾ Potential substitute for personal mobility           engineering and manufacturing, as well as
                                     vehicles, particularly in congested urban            additional service offerings
                                     centres                                            ◾ Potential loss of business with traditional
                                   ◾ May result in lower production volumes of            OEMs, to the extent MaaS adversely
                                     vehicles from traditional OEMs                       impacts OEMs
                                                                                        ◾ Potential risks relating to conducting
                                                                                          business with new Maas entrants that may
                                                                                          have limited operating history, as well as
                                                                                          financial, capital or other resources
                                                                                        ◾ Uncertainty with respect to volume of new
                                                                                          Maas product offerings creates risks relating
                                                                                          to recovery of engineering/capital
                                                                                          investments




                                                                                                      Magna International Inc.        13
 Automotive Industry Trends     Description                                           Potential Impact on Magna
 Emergence of Potentially       ◾   Accelerating trend towards vehicle                ◾ Potential for cooperative relationships and
 Disruptive EV OEMs                 electrification has led to the emergence of         new business opportunities with new EV
                                    EV-focused OEMs, including in China                 entrants
                                                                                      ◾ Potential risks relating to conducting
                                                                                        business with emergent OEMs that may
                                                                                        have limited: operating history, as well as
                                                                                        financial, capital or other resources
                                                                                      ◾ Uncertainty regarding consumer
                                                                                        acceptance of EVs, particularly those made
                                                                                        by new OEMs
                                                                                      ◾ Uncertainty regarding which emergent
                                                                                        OEMs will succeed in the long-term creates
                                                                                        potential customer and/or partnership risk
                                                                                        ◾ Failure to grow with those emergent
                                                                                           OEMs that achieve commercial success
                                                                                           could impact our long-term strategy
 Accelerating demand for        ◾ Pervasiveness of digitalization in consumer’s       ◾ Opportunities to grow Magna high-value
 connected vehicles               daily lives is driving growing demand to include      content, particularly given our systems
                                  connectivity features in vehicles                     capabilities
                                ◾ Personalization of end user functionality in        ◾ Potential for establishment of new business
                                  vehicle experience increasingly attractive to         models, including software as a service
                                  consumers                                           ◾ Potential challenges in attracting and
                                ◾ Growth in vehicle architectures that connect          retaining highly skilled engineers and
                                  subsystems and include software functionality         software personnel
                                                                                      ◾ Potential product cybersecurity risks related
                                                                                        to vehicles connected to external networks,
                                                                                        which could impact consumer adoption of
                                                                                        connectivity related products/systems
 Significant R&D spending       ◾ Large-scale OEM and Tier 1 Supplier                 ◾ Pricing pressure on, and migration of value
                                  investments to comply with tightening                 away from, traditional products in order for
                                  emissions regulations                                 OEMs to accommodate cost of
                                ◾ Significant spending by OEMs, new market              electrification, as well as active safety/
                                  entrants and Tier 1 Suppliers on vehicle              autonomous features
                                  autonomy systems and new mobility solutions         ◾ OEM inability to achieve planned sales
                                ◾ Significant development and engineering costs         volumes for electrified vehicles could impact
                                  for OEMs may drive increased collaboration            suppliers’ ability to recover pre-production
                                  among OEMs                                            costs
                                                                                      ◾ Technical challenges to commercialize new
                                                                                        technologies in ADAS
                                                                                      ◾ Intense competition from established and
                                                                                        new market entrants
                                                                                      ◾ Risks related to establishing and
                                                                                        maintaining intellectual property rights,
                                                                                        including potential challenges to intellectual
                                                                                        property ownership
 Continuing elevated product    ◾ Over the last decade, OEMs have become              ◾ Increased OEM pricing pressure, including
 warranty expectations and        more inclined to recall vehicles with potentially     pressure to assume incremental warranty
 product recall levels            faulty products                                       costs
                                ◾ Increased frequency and severity of recalls,        ◾ Increasing product recall claims and related
                                  together with other factors, have impacted            product replacement cost risk, even where
                                  coverage and pricing for recall insurance             root cause not agreed with OEM
                                                                                      ◾ Higher self-insured retentions and, reduced
                                                                                        coverage limits on recall insurance, as well
                                                                                        as increased reluctance by certain sub-
                                                                                        suppliers to absorb full cost of warranty/
                                                                                        recall relating to failure of their components,
                                                                                        create greater net exposure




14    Annual Information Form
Automotive Industry Trends     Description                                       Potential Impact on Magna
OEM cooperative alliances /    ◾ Joint platform development and cost sharing     ◾ Increased OEM pricing pressure
consolidation                  ◾ Joint purchasing                                ◾ Increase in sales, where Magna has strong
                                                                                   relationship with lead OEM
                                                                                 ◾ Decrease in sales, where Magna has
                                                                                   weaker relationship with lead OEM
Long-term growth of Chinese    ◾ Aided by China’s accelerated focus on vehicle   ◾ New business opportunities, including
OEMs and suppliers               electrification                                   drivetrain, electronics and ADAS products,
                               ◾ Chinese OEMs may have low cost base which         and full vehicle engineering and assembly
                                 could provide advantage for expansion into      ◾ Potential loss of business with traditional
                                 global markets                                    OEMs, to the extent new OEMs adversely
                               ◾ Large number of Chinese OEMs and excess           impact traditional OEMs
                                 production capacity could result in             ◾ Potential for new partnerships and
                                 consolidation                                     collaborations
Chinese policies aimed at      ◾   Chinese government plans to increase          ◾ Increased localization of engineering,
growing high-value domestic        engineering, development and manufacturing      development and manufacturing
development/production             of high-value, high-tech products in China    ◾ Uncertainty regarding whether Chinese
                                                                                   domestic companies will be preferred over
                                                                                   foreign-owned companies operating in
                                                                                   China
                                                                                 ◾ Potential for increased export control
                                                                                   restrictions in the U.S. and Western Europe
                                                                                   relating to strategically important and/or
                                                                                   technologically advanced products and
                                                                                   technology
Emergence of new “best-cost”   ◾   New “best-cost” automotive markets (e.g.      ◾ Potential new “best-cost” market for
automotive markets                 Morocco and Vietnam), which are close to        engineering talent
                                   larger established manufacturing markets      ◾ Increased level of investment in new
                                   (France/Spain and China, respectively)          markets required
                                                                                 ◾ Various risks of doing business in foreign
                                                                                   markets




                                                                                               Magna International Inc.          15
Ou r Corporate S tr a teg y
We have distilled the impacts of the global megatrends into four long-term strategic factors which we see defining the “Car of the
Future” – electrification, autonomy, new mobility and connectivity. We believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on opportunities in each
area:

                                  We possess an enhanced e-Powertrain portfolio with a range of products that addresses the roadmap for the transition
                                  to Electric Vehicles, and has allowed us to win new EV business.




                                  We possess full ADAS capability and complete ADAS system expertise. We take a systems level approach in developing
                                  ADAS building blocks for OEM customers with a focus up to level 2+/3 ADAS capabilities.




                                  We have expanded our collaboration ecosystem, continue to look at opportunities to leverage new business models,
                                  and are a key enabler of OEM customers and new entrants in the New Mobility space.




                                  We possess software-enabled functionality in our electronic control unit-related products. This functionality helps optimize
                                  performance and efficiency in connected products, such as our connected powertrains, which can obtain route and
                                  other information through cloud connectivity to identify optimal routes to avoid traffic and increase fuel savings.



We have developed our corporate strategy to realize the opportunities from these trends. Key elements of such strategy include:

1 . I n c re a sin g c a p i t a l d e p l o y m e nt t o w a rd hig h - g ro wth a re a s a lig n e d with th e “Ca r o f th e Fu ture”
We are proactively managing our portfolio and evolving our product mix based on alignment with the Car of the Future. We seek to grow our
business and capabilities in areas which are positively impacted by the global megatrends discussed earlier. Examples of such areas include
powertrain electrification, ADAS systems and battery enclosures, as well as our contract vehicle manufacturing operations. As illustrated
below, we believe that a substantial proportion of our product areas are not adversely impacted by the global megatrends, including our
body, chassis, lighting, active aerodynamics, dual clutch transmissions, mirrors, mechatronics and seating products. The strong returns
and cash flow from these product areas enable us to fund the R&D and capital investments required to realize the opportunities in high-
growth products which are benefiting directly from the global megatrends.



                                               •   eDrives                                                 Magna Sales Over Time
                                               •   Battery Enclosures
                                    Positive   •   ADAS
                                    Impact     •   Contract Vehicle Manufacturing




           Impact of Megatrends
                                               •   New Business Models
                                               •   Lighting
                                               •   Active Aerodynamics
                                               •   Body & Chassis
                                    Aligned    •   Dual Clutch Transmissions
                                               •   Mirrors
                                               •   Mechatronics
                                               •   Seating
                                               •   Manual Transmissions
                                    Negative
                                               •   4WD/AWD
                                    Impact
                                               •   Fuel Tanks
                                                                                                           Today                     Future




Lastly, there are elements of our product portfolio which are negatively impacted by the global megatrends and are expected to be less
directly relevant to the Car of the Future. Examples of such products include manual transmissions, mechanical AWD/4WD systems and fuel

16     Annual Information Form
tank systems. Despite their declining long-term strategic importance, our assets and expertise associated with these products remain
relevant to, and can be redeployed for, growing product areas aligned with the Car of the Future.

2 . Dr iv in g O p e ra t i o na l E xc e l l e nc e
We are committed to manufacturing excellence. We continue to elevate our approach to manufacturing by implementing “factory of the
future” initiatives including: enhanced use of big data and analytics; advanced robotics; additive manufacturing; and augmented reality. The
ultimate goal is to achieve greater profitability through further enhanced quality, production efficiency, reduction of floor space and improved
return on investments. Critical elements of our approach to operational excellence include our World Class Manufacturing initiatives and
MAFACT operating system, which are discussed in “Section 6 – Description of the Business – Manufacturing & Engineering” in this AIF.
Additionally, our Sustainability strategy dovetails with our efforts around operational excellence, due to the focus on energy optimization and
minimization of both water withdrawals, as well as waste streams to landfill. Details of our approach to Sustainability, including energy, water
and waste reduction targets, can be found in our Sustainability Report, which is Appendix 1 to this AIF.

3 . Unlo c k in g N e w B us i ne s s M o d e l s a nd M ar ke ts
The new mobility landscape, which is generally urban, electrified, autonomous and connected, is creating new business models and
markets. We believe that our systems and complete vehicle knowledge, including elements of our portfolio such as electric vehicle ADAS
platforms, provide us with an advantage in pursuing such opportunities. In addition, our ability to use capital efficiently, launch programs
reliably and help speed products to market, makes Magna a key enabler of new entrants, as demonstrated by our arrangements with Fisker.
We had a number of strategic highlights in 2021:
Electrification — we continue to advance our position in electrification in order to capitalize on the global shift towards vehicle electrification,
including:
   ◾ completing our joint venture transaction with LG Electronics to manufacture e-motors, inverters, on-board chargers, and, for some
     customers, complete e-drive systems;
   ◾ winning two additional integrated e-drive programs, including both primary and secondary drive systems;
   ◾ being awarded a new program from Daimler for a family of dual-clutch transmissions, including both traditional and hybrid variants;
     and
   ◾ launching the company’s first battery enclosures business for General Motors on a new electric vehicle model.

New OEMs — the global shift to electrification has fostered the emergence of a number of new, EV-focused OEMs. We continue to pursue
opportunities and grow its business with such OEMs. Significant 2021 achievements include:
  ◾ the launch of the Arcfox α-S, through the company’s complete vehicle manufacturing joint venture operation with BJEV; and
  ◾ signing a long-term manufacturing agreement for the production of the Fisker Ocean SUV at the company’s assembly facility in Graz,
    Austria, with manufacturing scheduled to begin in November of 2022;
Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (“ADAS”) — Magna continues to progress with development of its advanced driver assistance
systems business, as evidenced by:
  ◾ the award of a new program for advanced front cameras from a European-based global OEM;
  ◾ the addition of more than 120 employees from Optimus Ride, to enhance Magna’s capabilities in ADAS; and
  ◾ the award of an industry-first integrated driver and occupant monitoring system with a German-based automaker.




                                                                                                              Magna International Inc.           17
5 . R i s k Fa c t o r s
The industry in which we compete and the business we conduct are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Our short and
medium-term operational success, as well as our ability to create long-term value through our corporate strategy, are subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties, together with a number of assumptions, underlie the forward-looking statements
made in this AIF. In order to fully understand these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, you should carefully consider the following risk
factors in addition to other information included in this AIF:

Risks Related to the Automotive Industry
◾   Economic Cyclicality: The global automotive industry is cyclical, with the potential for regional differences in timing of expansion and
    contraction of economic cycles. A worsening of economic, political, or other conditions in North America, Europe or China, including as
    a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, increasing inflation (particularly fuel and energy prices), rising interest rates, and/or military conflict
    such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine, may result in lower consumer confidence, which typically translates into lower vehicle sales and
    production levels. A significant decline in vehicle production volumes from current levels could have a material adverse effect on our
    profitability and financial condition.
◾   Regional Volumes Declines: North America, Europe and China are key automotive producing regions for us, and our operating results
    are primarily dependent on car and light truck production by our customers in these regions. A significant or sustained decline in vehicle
    production volumes in any or all of these geographic regions could have a material adverse effect on our operations, sales and profitability.
◾   Intense Competition: The automotive supply industry is highly competitive and becoming more so. Some of our competitors have
    higher or more rapidly growing market share than we do in certain product or geographic markets. Additionally, a number of established
    electronics and semiconductor companies have entered or expanded their presence in the automotive industry, while disruptive
    technology innovators have been introducing novel product and service solutions which traditional automotive suppliers may not be able
    to match. Failure to successfully compete with existing or new competitors, including failure to grow our electronics or EV content at or
    above the rate of growth of vehicle production, could affect our ability to fully implement our corporate strategy.
◾   Trade Agreements: The global growth of the automotive industry has been aided by the free movement of goods, services, people and
    capital through bilateral and regional trade agreements, particularly in North America and Europe. Introduction of measures which impede
    free trade could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
◾   Trade Disputes/Tariffs: International trade disputes could, among other things, reduce demand for and production of vehicles, disrupt
    global supply chains, distort commodity pricing, impair the ability of automotive suppliers and vehicle manufacturers to make efficient
    long-term investment decisions, create volatility in relative foreign exchange rates, and contribute to stock market volatility. The imposition
    of sanctions, tariffs and/or escalation of trade disputes which interfere with automotive supply chains could have an adverse effect on our
    operations and profitability.

Customer and Supplier Related Risks
◾   Customer Concentration: Although we supply parts to all of the leading OEMs, a significant majority of our sales are to six customers:
    BMW, Daimler, General Motors, Stellantis, Ford and Volkswagen. In light of the amount of business we currently have with these six
    customers, our opportunities for incremental growth with them may be limited. While we continue to diversify our business, including to
    derive increased revenue from emergent EV-focused OEMs and through new business models, there is no assurance we will be
    successful. Shifts in market share away from our top customers could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Growth with Asian OEMs: The amount of business we have with Japanese, Korean and Chinese-based OEMs generally lags with that
    of our six largest customers, due in part to the existing relationships between such Asian OEMs and their preferred suppliers. Our inability
    to significantly grow our business with Asian-based OEMs could have an adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Emergence of Potentially Disruptive EV OEMs: With the accelerating trend toward vehicle electrification, a number of potentially
    disruptive, EV-focused OEMs have emerged, particularly in China. It is too early to predict which of these emergent EV-focused OEMs will
    succeed in the long-term, whether independently or through cooperative relationships with each other or with any of our traditional OEM
    customers. Vehicle electrification is an important component of our strategy, including through product areas such as electric drive
    systems and battery enclosures, as well as services such as complete vehicle engineering and contract vehicle manufacturing. While we
    are developing business relationships with some of the emergent EV-focused OEMs, we do not have relations with all, nor are such
    relationships as well established as those with our traditional customers. The failure to sufficiently grow our sales to emergent OEMs
    which achieve significant commercial success could adversely impact our long-term strategy. At the same time, conducting business
    with recently established OEMs poses risks and challenges, including due to their limited operating history and/or financial, capital or
    other resources, which may elevate counterparty risk. Additionally, there is uncertainty regarding consumer/market acceptance of the
    vehicles of such new OEMs. It remains too early to determine whether our commercial experience with such emergent EV-focused OEMs
    will be similar to our experience with established OEMs.
◾   Customer Consolidation and Cooperation: There have been a number of examples of OEM consolidation in recent years, including
    the 2021 merger of PSA and FCA to form Stellantis. Additionally, competing OEMs are increasingly cooperating and collaborating in

18      Annual Information Form
    different ways to save costs, including through joint purchasing activities, platform sharing, powertrain sharing, joint R&D and regional
    joint ventures. While OEM consolidation and cooperation may present opportunities, they also present a risk that we could lose future
    business or experience even greater pricing pressure on certain production programs, either of which could have an adverse effect on
    our profitability.
◾   Market Shifts: While we supply parts for a wide variety of vehicles produced globally, we do not supply parts for all vehicles produced,
    nor is the number or value of parts evenly distributed among the vehicles for which we do supply parts. Shifts in market shares away from
    vehicles on which we have significant content, as well as vehicle segments in which our sales may be more heavily concentrated, could
    have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Consumer Take Rate Shifts: Shifts in consumer preferences may impact “take rates” for certain types of products we sell. Examples
    of such products include: manual and dual-clutch transmissions; all-wheel drive systems; power liftgates; active aerodynamics systems;
    advanced driver assistance systems; and complete vehicles with certain option packages or option choices. Where shifts in consumer
    preferences result in higher “take rates” for products that we do not sell or for products we sell at a lower margin, our profitability may be
    adversely affected.
◾   Dependence on Outsourcing: We depend on outsourcing by OEMs. A reduction in outsourcing by OEMs or the loss of any material
    production or assembly programs combined with the failure to secure alternative programs with sufficient volumes and margins, could
    have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Quarterly Sales Fluctuations: Our business is generally not seasonal, but our sales and profits are closely related to our automotive
    customers’ vehicle production schedules. Our largest customers typically shut down vehicle production for brief periods which fall during
    our third and fourth fiscal quarters. These scheduled shutdowns of our customers’ production facilities could cause our sales and
    profitability to fluctuate when comparing fiscal quarters within any given year.
◾   Customer Purchase Orders: Contracts from our customers consist of blanket purchase orders which generally provide for the supply
    of a customer’s annual requirements rather than a specific quantity of products, and can be terminated by a customer at any time. If a
    purchase order is terminated, we may have various pre-production, tooling, engineering and other costs which we may not recover from
    our customer and which could have an adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Supply Base Condition: We rely on a number of suppliers to supply us with a wide range of components required in connection with
    our business. The financial health of automotive suppliers is impacted by a number of factors, including economic conditions and
    production volumes. A significant worsening of economic conditions or reduction in production volumes, including as a result of the
    COVID-19 pandemic, the semiconductor chip shortage, inflationary pressures or otherwise, could deteriorate the financial condition of
    our supply base, which could lead to, among other things: increased credit risk for us; disruptions in the supply of critical components to
    us or our customers; and/or temporary shut-downs of one of our production lines or the production lines of one of our customers; all of
    which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.

Manufacturing/Operational Risks
◾   Russian Invasion of Ukraine: In response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, a number of countries, including the U.S, Canada, U.K., and
    European Union member states, have taken actions against Russia, such as: imposition of sanctions targeting certain Russian leadership
    and other individuals; restrictions on certain sectors of the Russian economy; expulsion of some Russian banks from the SWIFT global
    banking payment system; and other measures, with further restrictions likely as the conflict continues. Magna currently has 6
    manufacturing facilities in Russia primarily supplying VW and Hyundai, with 2021 sales of approximately $370 million. To the extent that
    VW, Hyundai and/or our other OEM customers in Russia suspend Russian production, and/or to the extent any of our OEM customers
    suspend production elsewhere or cease selling vehicles in the Russian market, Magna’s sales would be adversely affected. Additionally,
    the conflict and restrictive measures against Russia could exacerbate a number of risks described elsewhere in these Risk Factors,
    including: disruption of vehicle production and supply chains; worsening the current semiconductor chip shortage since Russia and
    Ukraine are critical suppliers of neon gas and palladium used in chip production; exacerbating energy shortages or driving energy prices
    higher, particularly oil and natural gas; constraining the supply of aluminum, palladium or other commodity metals required in automotive
    production; increasing cybersecurity threats. Additional risks may arise from retaliatory measures introduced by the Russian Federation
    in response to sanctions, including imposition of penalties on Russian domiciled companies and their management, as well as imposition
    of state management on such companies and/or expropriation of foreign companies’ assets in Russia.
◾   Semiconductor Chip Shortages and Price Increases: The global shortage of semiconductor chips had a material adverse effect on
    global automotive production volumes in 2021, is expected to continue impacting volumes in 2022 and could worsen as a result of
    Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. In response to the semiconductor chip shortage, OEMs continue to take actions such as: unplanned
    shutdowns of production lines and/or plants; reductions in their vehicle production plans; and changes to their product mix. Such OEM
    responses can result in a number of direct and indirect consequences for Tier 1 suppliers like us, including: lower sales; significant
    production inefficiencies due to production lines being stopped/restarted unexpectedly based on OEMs’ production priorities; higher
    inventory levels; premium freight costs to expedite shipments; other unrecoverable costs; and increased challenges in retaining employees
    through production disruptions. The current shortage of semiconductor chips has also resulted in elevated prices for this critical
    automotive component. Tier 1 suppliers may face price increases from sub-suppliers that have been negatively impacted by production

                                                                                                             Magna International Inc.          19
    inefficiencies, premium freight costs and/or other costs and surcharges related to the semiconductor chip shortage. It remains unclear
    when supply and demand for automotive semiconductor chips will fully rebalance. A worsening or prolongation of the semiconductor
    chip shortage could have a material adverse effect on our operations, sales and profitability.
◾   COVID-19: The development and spread of highly-transmissible COVID-19 variants such as the “Omicron” variant creates continued
    risk of further disruptions to the automotive industry, including through further mandatory lockowns/stay-at-home orders or other
    restrictions, as is currently the case in parts of China. These orders may: restrict consumers’ ability to purchase vehicles; restrict
    production; cause elevated employee absenteeism; result in us incurring significant unrecoverable costs; and lead to supply chain
    disruptions. Over the medium-to long term, the pandemic may result in societal changes that impact the automotive industry, positively
    or negatively, including as a result of: expanded work-from-home practices that reduce consumers’ reliance on vehicles; and/or increased
    reluctance by people to utilize modes of public transit and/or shared mobility. Prolonged production shutdowns and/or restrictions on
    consumers’ ability to purchase vehicles due to COVID-19 lockdowns in the short-term, or long-term changes in consumers’ vehicle
    purchasing behaviour, could have a material adverse effect on our operations, sales and profitability.
◾   Supply Disruptions: Events which prevent us from supplying products to our customers could result in a range of potential adverse
    consequences, including: material price increases; elevated, unrecoverable costs such as those for premium freight or re-sourcing of
    supply; penalties or business interruption claims by our customers; loss of future business; and reputational damage. In addition to the
    global semiconductor chip shortage, OEMs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers could also experience supply disruptions or constraints on
    other critical manufacturing inputs, such as steel and/or aluminum. The impacts of prolonged supply disruptions or constraints could
    have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
◾   Regional Energy Shortages: Parts of the world are experiencing energy shortages which appear to be related to a resurgence in
    demand due to economic recovery, regulatory restrictions, weather events and challenges related to the transition to renewable energy
    generation. Prices for energy inputs critical to manufacturing, such as natural gas and electricity, rose dramatically in parts of Europe and
    Asia in 2021 and may continue to increase in these or other markets. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine could disrupt natural gas supplies from
    Russia to Europe and/or cause elevated prices to rise further. Prolonged energy disruptions and/or significant energy price increases
    could have an adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
◾   Product Launch: The launch of production is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including:
    the timing and frequency of design changes by our customers relative to start of production; production readiness of our and our
    customers’ and suppliers’ manufacturing facilities; robustness of manufacturing processes; launch volumes; quality and production
    readiness of tooling and equipment; employees; and initial product quality. Our failure to successfully launch material new or takeover
    business could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and reputation.
◾   Operational Underperformance: From time to time, we may have operating divisions which are not performing at expected levels of
    profitability. The size and complexity of automotive manufacturing operations often makes it difficult to achieve a quick turnaround of
    underperforming divisions. Significant underperformance in our operating divisions could have a material adverse effect on our profitability
    and operations.
◾   Restructuring Costs: We may sell some product lines and/or downsize, close or sell some of our operating divisions. By taking such
    actions, we may incur restructuring, downsizing and/or other significant non-recurring costs. These costs may be higher in some countries
    than others and could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Impairments: We have recorded significant impairment charges related to equity interests in joint ventures, goodwill and long-lived
    assets in the past and may do so again in the future. The early termination, loss, renegotiation of the terms of, or delay in the
    implementation of, any significant production contract could be indicators of impairment, as may the technological obsolescence of any
    of our products or production assets or volumes that are lower than previously expected. In conducting our impairment analysis, we
    make forward-looking assumptions regarding: the impact of turnaround plans on underperforming operations; new business
    opportunities; program price and cost assumptions on current and future business; the timing and success of new program launches;
    and forecast production volumes. To the extent such forward-looking assumptions are not met, any resulting impairment loss could have
    a material adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Labour Disruptions: Some of our manufacturing facilities are unionized, as are many manufacturing facilities of our customers and
    suppliers. While unionized facilities are subject to the risk of labour disruptions from time to time, we cannot predict whether or when any
    labour disruption may arise, or how long such a disruption could last. A significant labour disruption could lead to a lengthy shutdown of
    our or our customers’ and/or our suppliers’ production lines, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
◾   Climate Change Risks: Extreme weather events such as floods and windstorms and other natural disasters such as earthquakes
    caused by climate could cause catastrophic destruction to some of our or our sub-suppliers’ facilities, which could in turn disrupt our
    production and/or prevent us from supplying products to our customers. Shortages of seating foam and resin due to the February 2021
    Texas ice storm are recent examples of the impact of an extreme weather event. While we conduct risk assessments of our facilities and
    have implemented mitigation strategies to address, where practical, physical risks related to extreme weather events or natural disasters,
    the frequency and severity of any such event can vary by region and cannot be predicted. A catastrophic destruction of our or our
    sub-supplier facilities could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
◾   Skilled Labour Attraction/Retention: Our business is based on successfully attracting, training and developing employees at all levels
    of the company from “shop-floor” to Executive Management. The markets for highly skilled workers, as well as talented professionals and

20      Annual Information Form
    leaders in our industry are extremely competitive, particularly in the major global automotive and technology centres in which many of our
    operations are located. The inability to meet our needs for skilled workers and talented professionals and leaders, whether through
    recruitment or internal training and development activities could impact our ability to profitably conduct business and/or effectively
    implement our strategy.
◾   Leadership Succession: Effective succession planning programs and practices are a critical element of our overall talent management
    strategy. We experienced a significant number of planned retirements in the last few years, and may experience similar waves in future
    years. We maintain a leadership development and succession program that has facilitated seamless leadership transitions to date.
    However, the failure to ensure effective knowledge transfers and seamless leadership transitions involving key professionals and leaders
    could also impact our ability to profitably conduct business and/or effectively implement our strategy.

IT Security/Cybersecurity Risks
◾   IT/Cybersecurity Breach: Although we have established and continue to enhance security controls intended to protect our IT systems
    and infrastructure, there is no guarantee that such security measures will be effective in preventing unauthorized physical access or
    cyber-attacks. A significant breach of our IT systems could: result in theft of funds; cause disruptions in our manufacturing operations;
    lead to the loss, destruction or inappropriate use of sensitive data; or result in theft of our, our customers’ or our suppliers’ intellectual
    property or confidential information. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could adversely affect our operations and/or reputation, and
    could lead to claims against us that could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Product Cybersecurity: The risk of vehicle cyber attacks has risen with the proliferation of technology designed to connect vehicles to
    external networks. Although vehicle and systems-level cybersecurity controls and protections are typically managed and/or specified by
    our OEM customers, we cannot provide assurance that such controls and protections will be effective in preventing cyber intrusion
    through one of our products. Furthermore, an OEM customer may still seek to hold us financially responsible, even where the OEM
    specified the cybersecurity controls and protections. Any such cyber intrusion could cause reputational damage and lead to claims
    against us that have an adverse effect on our profitability.

Pricing/Cost Risks
◾   Inflationary Pressures: Global economies are currently experiencing elevated inflation which could curtail levels of economic activity,
    including in our primary production markets. During 2021, we experienced higher commodity, freight and energy costs, as well as wage
    pressures related to labour shortages in some markets. Inflationary pressures are expected to continue in 2022 and would be exacerbated
    by shortages or disruptions to inputs required for automotive production, including semiconductor chips, steel and aluminum. Tier 1
    Suppliers may also experience price increases or surcharges from sub-suppliers in connection with the inflationary pressures they face.
    The inability to offset inflationary price increases through continuous improvement actions, price increases to our customers or
    modifications to our own products or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Quote/Pricing Assumptions: The time between award of new production business and start of production typically ranges between
    two and four years. Since product pricing is typically determined at the time of award, we are subject to significant pricing risk due to
    changes in input costs and quote assumptions between the time of award and start of production. This risk is elevated in a rising inflation
    environment, as is currently the case globally. The inability to quote effectively, or the occurrence of a material change in input cost or
    other quote assumptions between program award and production, could have an adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Customer Pricing Pressure/Contractual Arrangements: We face ongoing pricing pressure from OEMs, including through: quoting
    pre-requirements; long-term supply agreements with mutually agreed price reductions over the life of the agreement; non-contractual
    annual price concession demands; pressure to absorb costs related to product design, engineering and tooling, and/or amortize such
    costs through the piece price for the product; pressure to assume incremental warranty costs; and OEM refusal to fully offset inflationary
    price increases. OEMs possess significant leverage over their suppliers due to their purchasing power and the highly competitive nature
    of the automotive supply industry. As a result of the broad portfolio of parts we supply to our six largest OEM customers, such customers
    may be able to exert greater leverage over us as compared to our competitors. We attempt to offset price concessions and costs in a
    number of ways, including through negotiations with our customers, improved operating efficiencies and cost reduction efforts. Our
    inability to fully offset price concessions, absorb design, engineering and tooling costs, and/or fully recover such costs over the life of
    production, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Moreover, while we attempt to negotiate contractual terms with our
    suppliers that align with the contractual terms between us and our OEM customers, we may not always be successful in doing so. Any
    such gaps between our customer and supplier contract terms could, in certain circumstances, have an adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Commodity Price Volatility: Prices for certain key raw materials and commodities used in our parts, including steel, aluminum and
    resin, can be volatile. To the extent we are unable to offset commodity price increases by: passing such increases to our customers,
    engineering products with reduced commodity content, implementing hedging strategies, or otherwise, such additional commodity
    costs could have an adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Scrap Steel/Aluminum Price Volatility: Some of our manufacturing facilities generate a significant amount of scrap steel or scrap
    aluminum in their manufacturing processes, but recover some of the value through the sale of such scrap. Scrap steel and scrap

                                                                                                             Magna International Inc.          21
    aluminum prices can also be volatile and don’t necessarily move in the same direction as steel or aluminum prices. Declines in scrap
    steel/aluminum prices from time to time could have an adverse effect on our profitability.

Warranty/Recall Risks
◾   Repair/Replacement Costs: We are responsible for repair and replacement costs of defective products we supply to our customers.
    Certain of our products, such as transmissions, typically have a higher unit and labour service cost in the event of replacement. Other
    products, such as side door latches, are supplied in multiples of two or four for a single vehicle, which could result in significant cost in the
    event all need to be replaced. Our OEM customers and/or government regulators have the ability to initiate recalls of safety products,
    which will also place us at risk for the administrative costs of the recall, even in situations where we dispute the need for a recall or the
    responsibility for any alleged defect. An increase in the number of repair/replacement claims could lead to higher self-insured retentions
    and reduced insurance coverage limits. The obligation to repair or replace defective products could have a material adverse effect on our
    operations and profitability. To the extent such obligation arises as a result of a product recall, we may face reputational damage, and the
    combination of administrative and product replacement costs could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Warranty Provisions: In certain circumstances, we are at risk for warranty, product liability and recall costs, and are currently
    experiencing increased customer pressure to assume greater warranty responsibility. Certain customers seek to impose partial
    responsibility for warranty costs where the underlying root cause of a product or system failure cannot be determined. Warranty provisions
    for our products are based on our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle existing or probable claims related to product defects.
    In addition, warranty provisions for our powertrain systems, electronics and complete vehicle programs are also established on the basis
    of our or our customers’ warranty experience with the applicable type of product and, in some cases, the terms in the applicable
    customer agreements. Actual warranty experience which results in costs that exceed our warranty provisions, could have a material
    adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Product Liability: We cannot guarantee that the design, engineering, testing, validation and manufacturing measures we employ to
    ensure high-quality products will be completely effective, particularly as electronic content and product complexity increases. In the event
    that our products fail to perform as expected and such failure results in, or is alleged to result in, bodily injury and/or property damage or
    other losses, product liability claims may be brought against us. The defense of product liability claims, particularly class action claims in
    North America, may be costly and judgements against us could impair our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our profitability.

Acquisition Risks
◾   Acquisition of Strategic Targets: We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions in those product areas which we have identified as key
    to our long-term corporate strategy. However, as a result of intense competition in these strategic areas, we may not be able to acquire
    the targets which we need to achieve our strategic objectives.
◾   Inherent Merger and Acquisition Risks: Acquisitions are subject to a range of inherent risks, including the assumption of incremental
    regulatory/compliance, pricing, supply chain, commodities, labour relations, litigation, environmental, pensions, warranty, recall, IT, tax or
    other risks. While the conduct of due diligence on an acquisition target is intended to mitigate such risks, these efforts may not always
    prove to be sufficient in identifying all risks and liabilities related to the acquisition, including as a result of: limited access to information;
    time constraints for conducting due diligence; inability to access target company facilities and/or personnel; or other limitations in the due
    diligence process. Additionally, we may identify risks and liabilities that we are not able to sufficiently mitigate through appropriate
    contractual or other protections. The realization of any such risks could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Acquisition Integration and Synergies: We may not be able to successfully integrate or achieve anticipated synergies from those
    acquisitions which we do complete and/or such acquisitions may be dilutive in the short to medium term. Either of these outcomes could
    have a material adverse effect on our profitability.

Other Business Risks
◾   Joint Ventures: We conduct certain of our operations through joint ventures under contractual arrangements under which we share
    management responsibilities with one or more partners. Joint venture operations carry a range of risks, including those relating to: failure
    of our joint venture partner(s) to satisfy contractual obligations; potential conflicts between us and our joint venture partner(s); strategic
    objectives of joint venture partners that may differ from our own; potential delays in decision-making; a limited ability to implement some
    or all of our policies, practices and controls, or to control legal and regulatory compliance, within the joint venture(s); and other risks
    inherent to non-wholly-owned operations. The likelihood of such occurrences and their potential effect on us vary depending on the joint
    venture arrangement, however, the occurrence of any such risks could have an adverse effect on our operations, profitability and
    reputation.




22       Annual Information Form
◾   Technology and Innovation: While we continue to invest in technology and innovation which we believe will be critical to our long-term
    growth, the automotive industry is experiencing rapid technological change and significant disruption. Our ability to anticipate changes in
    technology and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products and/or manufacturing processes on a timely basis
    will be a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. If we are unsuccessful or are less successful than our competitors in
    consistently developing innovative products and/or processes, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage and may not be able to
    recover some or all of our investments and costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition
    and ability to fully implement our corporate strategy.
◾   Intellectual Property: We own intellectual property that is important to our business and product portfolio. Our intellectual property is
    an important factor in protecting our innovation activities and maintaining our competitive advantage. From time to time, our intellectual
    property rights may be challenged, including through the assertion of intellectual property infringement claims which could result in us:
    being prevented from selling certain products; having to license the infringed product/technology; and/or incurring monetary damages.
    The foregoing consequences could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability and ability to fully implement our corporate strategy.
◾   Investments in Technology Companies: In addition to our development activities, we have invested in various technology companies
    and funds that invest in such companies. Such investments are an important element of our long-term strategy and we may make further
    investments in such companies. Investing in such companies involves a high degree of risk, including the potential loss of some or all of
    our investment value. There is currently no public market for the shares or units of some of these investments and, as a result, we may be
    unable to monetize such investments in the future. Investments in companies or funds which are currently or subsequently become
    publicly traded are marked-to-market quarterly, which may result in us recording unrealized gains or losses in any given quarter. The
    realization of any of the foregoing investment-related risks could have an adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition.
◾   Evolving Business Risk Profile: The risk profile of our business continues to evolve with the increasing importance to us of product
    areas such as electrified powertrains, ADAS and electronics, as well as future mobility business models. As our business evolves, we may
    face new or heightened risks, including: forecasting and planning risks related to penetration rates of EVs, as well as take-rates for ADAS
    systems or features offered to consumers as optional items; reduction in demand for certain products which are unique to internal
    combustion engine vehicles; challenges in quoting for profitable returns on products with leading-edge technologies for which we may
    not have significant quoting experience; rigorous testing and validation requirements from OEM customers for complex new products;
    increased warranty and recall risks on new products and leading-edge technologies; increased product liability risks; heightened risk of
    technological obsolescence of some of our products, processes and/or assets; and difficulties in attracting or retaining employees with
    critical skills in high-demand areas. Realization of one or more such risks could have a material adverse effect on our operations,
    profitability or financial condition.
◾   Risks of Doing Business in Foreign Markets: The establishment of manufacturing operations in new markets carries a number of
    potential risks, including those relating to: political, civil and economic instability and uncertainty; military conflict; corruption risks; high
    inflation and our ability to recover inflation-related cost increases; trade, customs and tax risks; potential sanctions and export control
    risk; expropriation risks; currency exchange rates; currency controls; limitations on the repatriation of funds; insufficient infrastructure;
    competition to attract and retain qualified employees; and other risks associated with conducting business internationally. Expansion of
    our business in non-traditional markets is an element of our long-term strategy and, as a result, our exposure to the risks described above
    may be greater in the future. The likelihood of such occurrences and their potential effect on us vary from country to country and are
    unpredictable, however, the occurrence of any such risks could have an adverse effect on our operations, profitability and financial
    condition.
◾   Relative Foreign Exchange Rates: Our profitability is affected by movements of our U.S. dollar reporting currency against the Canadian
    dollar, the euro, the Chinese renminbi and other currencies in which we generate revenues and incur expenses. Significant long-term
    fluctuations in relative currency values, in particular a significant change in the relative values of the U.S. dollar, Canadian dollar, euro or
    Chinese renminbi, could have an adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition and any sustained change in such relative
    currency values could adversely impact our competitiveness in certain geographic regions.
◾   Pension Risks: Some of our current and former employees in Canada, the United States and Germany participate in defined benefit
    pension plans. Although such plans in North America have been closed to new participants, existing participants in Canada continue to
    accrue benefits. Our defined benefit pension plans in Germany are not funded and plans in Canada and the United States may not be fully
    funded. Our pension funding obligations in North America could increase significantly due to a reduction in plan funding status caused by
    a variety of factors, including: weak performance of capital markets; declining interest rates; failure to achieve sufficient investment
    returns; investment risks inherent in the investment portfolios of the plans; and other factors. A significant increase in our pension funding
    obligations could have an adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition.
◾   Tax Risks: At any given time, we may face tax exposures arising out of changes in tax or transfer pricing laws, tax reassessments or
    otherwise. To the extent we cannot implement measures to offset these exposures, they may have an adverse effect on our profitability.
    We have incurred losses in some countries which we may not be able to fully or partially offset against income we have earned in those
    countries. In some cases, we may not be able to utilize these losses at all if we cannot generate profits in those countries and/or if we
    have ceased conducting business in those countries altogether. Our inability to utilize tax losses could adversely affect our profitability.

                                                                                                                Magna International Inc.           23
◾   Financial Flexibility: The occurrence of an economic shock not contemplated in our business plan, a rapid deterioration of conditions
    or a prolonged recession could result in the depletion of our cash resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations
    and financial condition.
◾   Returns on Capital Investments: In recent years, we have invested significant amounts of money in our business through capital
    expenditures to support new facilities, expansion of existing facilities, purchases of production equipment and acquisitions. Returns
    achieved on such investments in the past are not necessarily indicative of the returns we may achieve on future investments and our
    inability to achieve returns on future investments which equal or exceed returns on past investments could have a material adverse effect
    on our level of profitability.
◾   Credit Ratings Changes: There is no assurance that any credit rating currently assigned to us will remain in effect for any period of time
    or that any rating will not be revised or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency in the future. A downgrade in the credit ratings assigned to
    us by one or more agencies could increase our cost of borrowing or impact our ability to negotiate loans, which could have an adverse
    effect on our profitability, financial condition and the trading price of our Common Shares.
◾   Stock Price Fluctuation: Trading prices of our Common Shares cannot be predicted and may fluctuate significantly due to a variety of
    factors, many of which are outside our control.
◾   Dividends: Our Board may in certain circumstances determine that it is in the best interests of the company to reduce or suspend our
    dividend. In such event, the trading price of our Common Shares may be materially affected.

Legal, Regulatory and Other Risks
◾   Antitrust Proceedings: The automotive industry has in recent years been the subject of increased government enforcement of antitrust
    and competition laws. Where wrongful conduct is found, the relevant antitrust authority can, depending on the jurisdiction, initiate
    administrative or criminal legal proceedings and impose administrative or criminal fines, penalties or restitution payments. OEMs, car
    dealers and consumers may also be able to claim against antitrust violators through civil lawsuits. The company’s policy is to comply with
    all applicable laws, including antitrust and competition laws, and has implemented a robust compliance training program to mitigate
    against the risk of an antitrust violation. However, in the event of an antitrust violation, Magna could suffer reputational damage and be
    subject to criminal or administrative fines or penalties, restitution settlements, or civil damages that could have a material adverse effect
    on Magna’s profitability.
◾   Legal and Regulatory Proceedings: From time to time, we may become involved in regulatory proceedings, or become liable for legal,
    contractual and other claims by various parties, including customers, suppliers, former employees, class action plaintiffs and others.
    Depending on the nature or duration of any potential proceedings or claims, we may incur substantial costs and expenses, be required
    to devote significant management time and resources to the matters, and suffer reputational damage as a result of regulatory proceedings.
    On an ongoing basis, we attempt to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgements or outcomes to these proceedings or claims,
    although it is difficult to predict final outcomes with any degree of certainty. Except as disclosed from time to time in our consolidated
    financial statements and/or our MD&A, we do not believe that any of the proceedings or claims to which we are currently a party will have
    a material adverse effect on our profitability; however, we cannot provide any assurance to this effect.
◾   Changes in Laws: A significant change in the current regulatory environment in our principal markets, including changes in tax laws,
    laws related to the COVID-19 pandemic, laws related to vehicle emissions, and other laws which impose additional costs on automotive
    manufacturers or consumers, could have an adverse effect on our profitability.
◾   Environmental Compliance: While we regularly attempt to estimate environmental clean-up liabilities, such an exercise is complex. In
    addition, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent and expensive
    over time. In certain circumstances, we could be named as a Potentially Responsible Party (“PRP”) with respect to a contaminated site.
    Costs associated with being a PRP could be material depending on site conditions and the number of participating PRPs. As a result, we
    may incur material costs or liabilities significantly in excess of amounts we have reserved, which could have an adverse effect on our
    operations, profitability, financial condition or reputation.




24      Annual Information Form
6. Description of the Business
Ge ograp h ic M a r kets & C u s to m e r s
Major Customers
While we supply products and services to a large number of customers worldwide, sales to our six largest customers represented the
following proportions of our consolidated sales in 2021 and 2020:

                              Magna                                                       Proportion of
                               Sales                OEM                                   Magna Sales
                              Ranking             Ranking(1)          Customer         2021           2020
                                  1                    12             BMW              16%            15%
                                  2                    10             Daimler          14%            14%
                                  3                      5            General Motors   13%            15%
                                  4                      8            Stellantis       13%            12%
                                  5                      7            Ford             12%            12%
                                  6                      2            Volkswagen       10%            11%
                                                                      Other            22%            21%
                                                                      TOTAL            100%          100%
                            (1) Based on 2021 global light vehicle production.


Customer Management Offices
We have a globally-structured sales, engineering and marketing team spread across multiple global locations where our customers maintain
engineering, commercial and/or manufacturing facilities. The various internal operating divisions and subsidiaries of the automobile
manufacturers normally initiate many of their own purchasing decisions. As a result, an automobile manufacturer may effectively constitute
multiple customers.

Purchase Orders
Our sales are generated through customer requests to quote on particular products, as well as the tools and dies required to produce parts.
Purchase orders for our products are typically for one or more models, and typically extend over the life of each model, which is generally
four to seven years. However, purchase orders issued by our automobile manufacturer customers typically do not require them to purchase
any minimum number of our products. Releases under such purchase orders, which authorize us to supply specific quantities of products,
are issued for planning, raw material and production purposes, which is typically over a one to four month period in advance of anticipated
delivery dates. The actual number of products that we supply under purchase orders in any given year is dependent upon the number of
vehicles produced by the automobile manufacturers of the specific models in which those products are incorporated.
It has been our experience that once we receive purchase orders for products for a particular vehicle model or program, we will usually
continue to supply those products until the end of that model or program, although most of our customers’ purchase orders allow them to
terminate the purchase order for convenience. In addition, as part of our purchase contracts, we are generally required to supply service
parts for up to 15 years after the end of production of any model, provided that we are the contracted supplier at the time production
ceases. Automobile manufacturers could cease sourcing their production requirements from us for a number of reasons, including if we
refuse to accept demands for price reductions or other concessions and if the vehicle is not meeting their sales targets. Should the latter
occur, we are still required to provide service parts for up to 15 years, although we may be able to negotiate that this be supplied as a
one-time up front purchase.

Ma n u fa ctur i n g & E n g i n eer i n g
World Class Manufacturing
As part of our strategy of maintaining Operational Excellence, our goal is to be recognized as a leader in next generation “World Class
Manufacturing”. Our global operating units strive toward this goal which aims to achieve “best in class” performance in all areas of
manufacturing. In order to drive continuous improvement, we monitor our progress in achieving World Class Manufacturing by using an
assessment process that is similar to the method used by our customers in their own plants and to evaluate their suppliers. Our assessment
process, known as the Magna Factory Concept or “MAFACT”, is supplemented with elements we view as critical to achieving World Class
Manufacturing in accordance with our Operational Principles. Best practices, “lessons learned” and key initiatives are shared among our
global operating units.

                                                                                                          Magna International Inc.      25
Factory of the Future (FOF) Technology
We continue to look at ways to integrate leading edge manufacturing trends into our operations, including Artificial Intelligence (AI) capabilities
designed to, among other things: increase information available to human operators to enhance decision making; automate certain
processes to increase efficiency and safety; and perform predictive maintenance on equipment. Specifically, a number of our global facilities
have implemented a combination of new technological applications, software and processes in order to benefit from more efficient and
effective factory solutions, which is known as our “Factory of the Future (FoF)” approach. A few examples are set out below.


                          Advanced Robots Virtual                                   Fenceless Robot System
                              Reality Centre                                  • Our Corporate R&D team is working with several
                   • Our Corporate R&D team has developed a core                robotics companies, startups, research labs and
                     Advanced Robotics System for high volume                   universities to develop enabling technologies that
                     production using state-of-the-art 2D/3D vision             can be scaled across Magna. Together with one of
                     systems and advanced robotics trajectory                   our Powertrain Divisions, we co-developed and
                     planning with AI                                           implemented the first fenceless robot system for
                   • The system has been launched in ten Magna                  high volume production at Magna.
                     facilities with over 20 systems in high volume           • The fenceless robot system can handle almost
                     production. As part of our planned “scaled                 double the payload at 10 times the speed of other
                     implementation” approach, the system is ready for          collaborative robotic systems in the market for
                     larger scale deployment in other facilities across all     boxes, baskets and trays.
                     Magna Operating Groups for cost optimization             • Elimination of fencing and guarding of robot cells
                                                                                takes up less floor space and allows freedom of
                                                                                movement and access for human workers
                                                                              • The insight gained from the fenceless robot system
                                                                                is allowing Magna to co-develop, test and validate
                                                                                the next generation of fenceless robotics for high
                                                                                volume automotive production in a safe,
                                                                                collaborative and efficient way.



                          Predictive Maintenance                              Augmented/Virtual Reality Centre
                   • Our Exteriors facilities have actively implemented       • Located in Graz, Austria, the VR Centre is helping
                     predictive maintenance of injection moulding               bring new technology to real product development
                     machines. Data from a machine controller, as well        • Before a new production line is installed, the new
                     as additional sensors, is collected and processed          building, infrastructure and technology are planned
                     in real time.                                              virtually
                   • The data is then made available by way of a              • Existing plants have also been digitized with the
                     dashboard and automatic alerts allowing emerging           help of drones that scan the facility
                     maintenance issues to be pinpointed and                  • Engineers also use Virtual Reality (VR) goggles in
                     addressed before they develop into larger issues.          complete vehicle development, including vehicle
                   • These activities allow for production and efficiency       styling and ergonomics
                     improvements, including reduced equipment
                     downtime, as well as avoidance of unexpected
                     equipment failures.




26     Annual Information Form
Facilities
As at December 31, 2021, we had the following manufacturing and PDE&S facilities in each designated geographic region:
                            13                                                                            4
                           (4%)                                                                         (4%)



                    87                                                                           20                       23
                  (25%)                                                                        (22%)                    (25)%

                                                 135
                          Manufacturing         (39%)
                                                                                                            PDE&S
                            Facilities



                            108
                                                                                                              44
                           (32%)
                                                                                                            (49%)


               North America           Europe                                               North America           Europe
               Asia                    Rest of World                                        Asia                    Rest of World

Our manufacturing and PDE&S facilities occupied approximately 80 million and 3.8 million square feet, respectively. These facilities were
broken down between third party leases, and those owned by us as set out below. At this time, the largest percentage of properties leased
(by square footage) from any single landlord is approximately 16%.


                                                                                                                    0.4m
                                                                                                                    (10%)


                          Manufacturing                                                                 PDE&S
                            Facilities       34.8m                                                     Facilities
                                             (44%)
                           79.7m (sq ft)                                                               3.8m (sq ft)
                44.9m
                (56%)                                                                           3.4m
                                                                                               (90%)




                                                   Owned          Leased from 3rd Parties

Our facility leases typically have terms of at least five years with one or more options to renew. Among other terms, our leases typically
require us to return the facilities to the condition in which we received them at start of the lease (reasonable wear and tear excepted). From
time to time, the cost of doing so may be significant due to such factors as the length of the lease period, the nature of the manufacturing
operations, the extent of modifications made to the leased properties over the term of the lease and other factors.
We are also subject to environmental laws and regulations both as tenant and owner of our properties. Our leases with third party landlords
generally provide that we must maintain the leased properties in accordance with all applicable laws, including environmental laws. Magna
routinely conducts Phase 1 Environmental Assessments, and if necessary Phase 2 Site Investigations, at manufacturing, assembly and
warehousing locations prior to occupancy to identify any actual and potential pre-existing environmental concerns at leased or owned sites.
Magna is responsible for addressing environmental impacts arising during our tenancy, including exacerbations of existing impacts as
defined by lease terms or regulatory requirements. Our leases with third party landlords generally also contain indemnities in favour of the
landlord with respect to environmental matters and those indemnities expire after a specified period following the termination of the leases.

Key Components and Raw Materials
Our key purchased components include: stampings, electronics, chips, molded parts, die casting, forging, coverstock, and wire harnesses.
Our key purchased raw materials are steel, resin and aluminum. While we endeavour to purchase the majority of these components and raw
materials from regional suppliers where we do business, factors such as price, quality, transportation costs, warehousing costs, duties,
tariffs, availability of supply and timeliness of delivery have an impact on the decision to source from certain suppliers. We also purchase

                                                                                                            Magna International Inc.       27
some key components and raw materials offshore when shortages occur or when we choose to source one supplier for a global program.
Prices for our raw materials used in our production of parts, like steel, resin and aluminum, continue to be volatile.
Approximately two-thirds of our steel is acquired through resale programs operated by automobile manufacturers and the balance is
generally acquired through annual or six month contracts. Under customer steel resale programs we are not exposed to steel price volatility,
thus helping to manage our production costs. Certain of our operations generate steel and aluminum scrap, which we typically sell at prices
that fluctuate with published market indices. Most of our resin purchases fluctuate directly with market indices, although we do participate
in some customer resale programs on approximately one quarter of our resin purchases. The majority of our aluminum purchases fluctuate
with market indices. In some cases, our customers direct us to buy certain other raw materials from specified suppliers, at specified prices,
as is largely the case, for example, with leather we use for automotive seats. Consistent with lean manufacturing principles, we do not
typically carry inventories of key raw materials or finished products significantly in excess of those reasonably required to meet production
and shipping schedules. The automotive industry globally continues to experience a shortage of semiconductors, which is negatively
impacting vehicle production and is resulting in a number of consequences for us, including: operational inefficiencies due to production
lines being stopped/restarted unexpectedly The risks related to the semiconductor chip shortage and potential future shortages/supply
constraints of key commodities are discussed in greater detail under “Section 4 – Our Business & Strategy – Macroeconomic, Political and
Other Trends” and “Section “Section 5 – Risk Factors”.

P rodu cts & S er v i ces
Top Programs
Our top fifteen programs/platforms based on 2021 production and vehicle assembly sales were:

                                                                                                                                      Capabilities
                                                                                Body
                                                                                                                                                                            Seating Complete
                                                                             Exteriors &                                Power & Vision
                                                                                                                                                                            Systems Vehicles
                                                                             Structures




                                                                                                                                                                                        Vehicle Engineering &

                                                                              Body & Chassis
                   Customer                       Vehicle



                                                                                                           Powertrain   Electronics                          Mechatronics
                                                                                               Exteriors                                Mirrors   Lighting                    Seating


                                                                                                                                                                                              Manufacturing

                 General          Full-Size SUVs &
                                                                               ◾               ◾           ◾             ◾               ◾        ◾           ◾
                 Motors           Pick-up Trucks
                                  Mercedes-Benz
                 Daimler                                                       ◾               ◾           ◾                             ◾        ◾           ◾                               ◾
                                  G-Class
                 BMW              BMW 5-Series                                 ◾                           ◾                             ◾                    ◾                               ◾

                 Stellantis       Jeep Grand Cherokee                          ◾               ◾           ◾             ◾               ◾        ◾           ◾               ◾
                                  GMC Acadia, Buick Enclave,
                 General
                                  Cadillac XT6, Chevrolet Blazer,              ◾               ◾           ◾             ◾               ◾        ◾           ◾               ◾
                 Motors
                                  Chevrolet Traverse
                 Stellantis       Ram Pick-up                                  ◾               ◾           ◾             ◾               ◾        ◾           ◾               ◾

                 Ford             Ford Transit, Ford Tansit Custom             ◾               ◾           ◾             ◾               ◾                    ◾               ◾

                 BMW              BMW X3                                       ◾               ◾           ◾                             ◾                    ◾

                 Tata             Jaguar I-Pace                                ◾               ◾                                                                                              ◾

                 BMW              BMW X5                                       ◾               ◾           ◾                             ◾                    ◾               ◾

                 Tata             Jaguar E-Pace                                ◾               ◾                                                                                              ◾
                                  Mercedes-Benz GLE/GLE Coupe,
                 Daimler                                                       ◾               ◾           ◾                             ◾                    ◾
                                  Mercedes-Benz GLS
                                  Ford Escape, Ford Kuga, Lincoln
                 Ford                                                          ◾               ◾           ◾             ◾               ◾                                    ◾
                                  Corsair
                 Stellantis       Jeep Wrangler                                ◾               ◾           ◾             ◾               ◾        ◾           ◾               ◾

                 Ford             Ford Expedition, Lincoln Navigator                           ◾           ◾             ◾               ◾                    ◾               ◾

Note: Capabilities represented may not be on each vehicle or each trim level of each vehicle. Additionally, our capabilities in each product area range from components to full
systems, only some of which may be represented on any particular program. Our Roof Systems capabilities are not present on the programs/platforms listed.



28       Annual Information Form
Product Portfolio
We continue to evolve our product portfolio consistent with the strategy described under Section 4 “Our Business & Strategy – Corporate
Strategy” in this AIF. The development of innovative technologies and solutions which are responsive to the global megatrends defining the
“Car of the Future” requires R&D spending, as well as capital investments and the acquisition of engineering talent with the necessary
software and other expertise. We believe that the relatively stable profitability and cash generation from our “traditional” businesses provide
us with the ability to fund the R&D and capital investment required to realize opportunities related to product areas such as electrification,
ADAS and others aligned with the Car of the Future. Additionally, we believe that our comprehensive knowledge and understanding of the
entire vehicle and the interaction of various complex vehicle systems provide us with unique advantages in executing our long term strategy.
Consistent with such long-term strategy, key themes in our product portfolio include:

                        Optimizing Vehicle Weight, Powertrain Efficiency and Aerodynamics



                    We continue to support our OEM customers by offering solutions which enable them to deliver lighter vehicles, improved/
                    optimized powertrain efficiency and enhanced aerodynamics, including:
    ◾ Lightweight Products & Materials: OEMs are focused on reducing vehicle mass in order to: downsize engines, thereby reducing
      fuel consumption and tailpipe emissions for vehicles powered by internal combustion engines; and minimize power consumption/
      maximize driving range for EVs. We believe that the breadth of our engineering capabilities across all major sections of the vehicle,
      together with our full vehicle capabilities, provide us a competitive advantage in addressing OEMs’ lightweighting needs “holistically”.
      Moreover, our financial strength has enabled us to fund continuous innovation related to advanced materials, multi-material joining
      processes, manufacturing processes and lightweight products.
    ◾ Efficient Transmissions/e-Drive Systems: Irrespective of a vehicle’s power source – gas or diesel, hybrid or fully electric (battery or
      hydrogen fuel cell) – power needs to be transferred to the wheels through a transmission or e-drive system. Through our powertrain
      business, we offer customers a range of efficient dual-clutch transmissions (“DCTs”), including traditional DCTs for vehicles with an
      Internal Combustion Engine (“ICE”), hybrid DCTs featuring an integrated electric motor for start/stop or plug-in hybrid applications and
      dedicated hybrid transmissions used in applications with an electric motor. Additionally, we offer e-drive systems for fully electrified
      powertrains.
    ◾ Pure EVs: Pure EVs share many components with vehicles powered by an ICE. At the same time, there are many elements which are
      new or which need to be engineered differently for EVs. Multiple Magna Operating Groups are pursuing opportunities related to pure
      EVs, including:
      ◾ e-Drive systems, as discussed above, including through our Hasco joint venture in China that commenced high-volume serial
         production of integrated e-Drive systems in 2022, and our newly established joint venture with LG Electronics.
      ◾ Lightweight seat structures optimized to accommodate EV chassis.
      ◾ Battery enclosures.
      ◾ EV complete vehicle engineering, including integration, validation and testing, as well as assembly.
    ◾ Active Aerodynamics: Redirecting airflow to reduce air drag on vehicles assists in reducing fuel consumption and thus CO2
      emissions. Magna offers a growing range of active aerodynamics innovations, including active grille shutters, active air dams, active
      front deflectors, active liftgate spoilers and active tailgate, as well as underbody panels.
    ◾ Innovative, Lightweight, Energy-efficient Lighting: OEMs continue to seek innovative forward and rear-lighting solutions that
      allow increased styling flexibility, reduced weight compared to traditional lighting systems and energy efficiency. We continue to grow
      our lighting business – organically, as well as through joint ventures and acquisitions.

                        Development of Scalable Solutions for ADAS

                        Magna is pursuing profitable ADAS growth by offering scalable solutions focused on vehicle autonomy levels up to 2+/3*.
                        Our current capabilities include:


*   SAE International (J3016) Autonomy Levels Classification




                                                                                                            Magna International Inc.        29
  ◾   Full Suite of Sensing Technologies:
      Camera: We are a market leader in camera-based ADAS based on sales. Our camera-based solutions consist of front and rear facing
      cameras, with image processing abilities to create a 360-degree surround view. Features enabled by these camera-based systems
      include automatic emergency braking, traffic sign and traffic light recognition, forward collision warning, lane keeping/lane departure
      assistance, adaptive cruise control, high beam assistance, pre-collision control, driver monitoring and others.
      Radar: Working with a strategic technology partner, we have developed a scalable digital radar platform, consisting of mid – and
      long-range radars for a variety of automotive applications. Among other things, this radar platform provides higher resolution at longer
      ranges, as well as improved object detection and classification compared to current radars.
      LiDAR: We have worked with a strategic technology partner to integrate their cost effective, solid-state LiDAR for highly automated
      driving applications. This LiDAR solution provides high-definition, three-dimensional, real-time images regardless of light and weather
      and enables object detection, classification and tracking at longer distances.
      Scalable ADAS Domain Controller: We have developed a domain controller architecture that can support automakers to deliver a
      range of automated driving features and is scalable to Levels 2+/3. We are developing an ADAS system for the Fisker Ocean SUV that
      will be powered by our scalable domain controller architecture.
      Integrated Driver and Occupant Monitoring System: We have developed an industry-first system solution for driver and occupant
      monitoring that will be featured on several models from a German OEM customer in 2024. The system fully integrates Magna’s
      high-resolution camera, infrared emitters and electronic control unit into the interior mirror of the vehicle, while advanced software
      actively monitoring the driver.

                   Incorporating Full Breadth of Magna Capabilities into New Mobility Solutions

                   New mobility solutions involve the convergence of electrification and vehicle autonomy trends. Over the medium- to
                   long-term, new mobility solutions are expected to be lightweight zero/low emission (“ZLEV”) vehicles with leading-edge
                   ADAS features. We possess broad capabilities to support new mobility, including through:
  ◾ Magna’s Powertrain and Complete Vehicles Operating Groups, which have significant expertise in alternative energy propulsion and
    storage systems, respectively;
  ◾ electronics/ADAS features;
  ◾ our complete EV engineering, integration and testing capabilities;
  ◾ our ability to offer new mobility OEM customers such as Fisker an EV platform, electrical/electronic architecture, complete vehicle
    engineering and manufacturing, as well as a complete ADAS system and other products; and
  ◾ our ability to offer customers a versatile test environment for highly automated vehicles, including the entire test “chain” from virtual
    simulation to test rigs to trial runs on public roads.
New mobility solutions may enable us to take advantage of our complete systems knowledge and draw-in expertise from across our entire
product range, including:

  Body Exteriors & Structures:
  ◾ chassis architectures requiring leading-edge materials know-how;
  ◾ battery enclosures for EVs and hybrid-EVs;
  ◾ lightweight thermoplastic body panels and liftgates; and
  ◾ seamless sensor integration into the vehicle body.

  Power & Vision Systems:
  ◾   highly integrated e-drive systems; and
  ◾   full suite of sensing technologies, together with domain controllers.

  Seating Systems:
  ◾   reconfigurable seating solutions that address automated, connected, electric and shared vehicle solutions.

  Complete Vehicles:
  ◾   non-OEM branded (“white-label”) vehicles, engineered and assembled by Magna.
Some of our recent innovations, initiatives and progress addressing powertrain electrification, vehicle autonomy and new mobility can be
found in “Section 7 – Innovation and Research & Development – Innovations and Innovation Awards”.

Product Segments
A description of our product and service capabilities, processes, top customers and key competitors by reporting segment follow.
Manufacturing facility and PDE&S Centres counts below include joint venture facilities.

30      Annual Information Form
    Body Exteriors & Structures
Our Body Exteriors & Structures segment includes our body and chassis systems, exterior systems and roof systems operations.


                         *                               *
     151
Manufacturing Facilities
                                            22
                                          PDE&S Centres
                                                                       21 65,150 $14.5B
                                                                       Countries                       Employees                2021 Sales
*   Figure includes certain manufacturing facilities and PDE&S centres shared with other reporting segments.


Top Segment Programs

                                      Customer                                                      Vehicle
                                      1. General Motors                   Full-Size SUVs & Pick-up Trucks
                                      2. BMW                              BMW X3
                                      3. Stellantis                       Ram Pick-Up Trucks
                                      4. Stellantis                       Jeep Grand Cherokee
                                      5. Daimler                          Mercedes-Benz GLE/GLE Coupe,
                                                                          Mercedes-Benz GLS

Segment Trends and Strategic Focus
Within our Body Exteriors & Structures segment, we aim to support our customers’ efforts to deliver vehicles which consume less fuel and
produce lower CO2 emissions, particularly through reduced vehicle weight, aerodynamic enhancements and use of multi-materials. We
currently offer our customers a broad range of lightweight product solutions, such as thermoplastic liftgates, as well as reduced-weight
products formed through advanced manufacturing processes, such as hot stamping, high-pressure aluminum casting and multi-material
joinery.

Product Capabilities
Body and Chassis

              Products                                Key Processes                                Top Customers           Key Competitors
◾ body systems                               Forming technologies:                       ◾ BMW                       ◾ Benteler International AG
◾ chassis systems                            ◾ hydroforming                              ◾ Daimler                   ◾ F-Tech Inc.
◾ battery enclosures                         ◾ cold stamping, including                  ◾ Ford                      ◾ Gestamp Automoción S.L.
◾ engineering and testing                      high-strength steel &                     ◾ General Motors            ◾ Martinrea International Inc.
                                               aluminum                                  ◾ Stellantis                ◾ Minth Group Ltd.
                                             ◾ hot stamping                              ◾ Volkswagen                ◾ Metalsa, S.A. de C.V.
                                             ◾ roll forming                                                          ◾ Tower International, Inc.
                                             ◾ aluminum casting
                                             ◾ advanced welding & joining
                                             ◾ stretch bending of aluminum
                                               extrusions
                                             Finishing technologies:
                                             ◾ e-coating
                                             ◾ heat treating
                                             ◾ high temperature wax
                                                coating
                                             ◾ machining




                                                                                                                   Magna International Inc.           31
Exteriors

            Products                     Key Processes                       Top Customers               Key Competitors
◾ fascia & trim                  Molding technologies:                ◾ BMW                         ◾ ABC Group
◾ front end modules              ◾ injection molding, such as         ◾ Ford                        ◾ Flex-N-Gate Corporation
◾ front integration panels         two shot, structural, insert,      ◾ General Motors              ◾ Plastic Omnium S.A.
◾ liftgate modules                 injection compression for          ◾ Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi   ◾ Röchling Group
◾ active aerodynamics              thermoplastics & reaction          ◾ Stellantis                  ◾ Samvardhana Motherson
◾ engineered glass                 injection molding                  ◾ Volkswagen                    Peguform
◾ running boards                 ◾ extrusion processes, such as                                     ◾ SRG Global Inc.
◾ truck bed access products        co-extrusion, thermoset and
◾ side doors                       thermoplastic extrusion
                                 ◾ compression-molding for
                                   thermosets
                                 ◾ expanded polypropylene
                                   foam
                                 ◾ metal rollforming
                                 ◾ glass encapsulation
                                 ◾ tooling

                                 Finishing processes:
                                 ◾ painting
                                 ◾ hardcoating
                                 ◾ chrome plating
                                 ◾ hot stamp foils
                                 ◾ metal finishing
                                 ◾ hydrographics
                                 ◾ laser etching/engraving
                                 ◾ in-mold film

                                 Assembly processes:
                                 ◾ adhesive bonding
                                 ◾ infrared, ultrasonic, vibration,
                                   torsional and resistance
                                   implant welding
                                 ◾ laser cutting and welding
                                 ◾ manual and automated
                                   assembly & sequencing




32     Annual Information Form
    Power & Vision
Our Power and Vision segment comprises our global powertrain systems, electronics systems and mechatronics, mirrors & lighting
operations.


                         *                               *
     109
Manufacturing Facilities
                                            50
                                          PDE&S Centres
                                                                       21 47,400 $11.3B
                                                                       Countries                       Employees              2021 Sales

*   Figure includes certain manufacturing facilities and PDE&S centres shared with other reporting segments.


Top Segment Programs

                                      Customer                                                      Vehicle
                                      1. General Motors                   Full-Size SUVs & Pick-up Trucks
                                      2. Stellantis                       Ram Pick-Up Trucks
                                      3. BMW                              BMW X1
                                      4. Chery Automobile                 Chery Tiggo 5X, Chery Tiggo 8/8 Plus
                                      5. Daimler                          Mercedes-Benz GLC/GLC Coupe

Segment Trends and Strategic Focus
In our Power and Vision segment, we seek to realize opportunities presented by trends toward electrification, advanced driver assistance
systems and autonomous driving. We believe that our powertrain business is well-positioned to benefit from the shift toward electrification
and we continue to invest in both transmissions and driveline products to further grow in areas such as 48V and high-voltage electric drive
systems, including through products such as hybrid transmissions, electric rear drive axles and highly-integrated primary and secondary
e-drive systems. Our Vision Systems business is currently the leading supplier of camera-based driver assistance systems and we continue
to invest in advanced driver assistance technologies to expand the assisted and autonomous driving systems expertise we can offer
customers. These investments include both in-house research and development, as well as venture capital investments in and strategic
relationships with technology companies.




                                                                                                                   Magna International Inc.   33
Product Capabilities
Powertrain

            Products                       Key Processes                    Top Customers                Key Competitors
◾   electric systems and          ◾ transmission and driveline       ◾ BMW                         ◾ Aisin Group
    components (hybrid and          assembly                         ◾ Daimler                     ◾ BorgWarner Inc.
    electric drive systems,       ◾ high pressure die casting        ◾ Ford                        ◾ GKN plc
    motors, inverters, onboard      with full foundry                ◾ General Motors              ◾ JATCO Ltd.
    chargers, e-clutch)           ◾ flow-forming                     ◾ Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi   ◾ Jing-Jin Electric
                                  ◾ stamping and spinning            ◾ Stellantis                    Technologies Co., Ltd.
◾ transmission systems
                                  ◾ steel & aluminum die forming     ◾ Volkswagen                  ◾ Linamar Corporation
  (dedicated hybrid, dual
                                  ◾ grob, roller die & cam die                                     ◾ Nidec Corporation
  clutch, hybrid dual clutch,
                                    spline forming                                                 ◾ Robert Bosch GmbH
  manual transmissions)
                                  ◾ precision-heavy stamping                                       ◾ Valeo S.A.
◾ driveline systems (AWD/4WD
                                  ◾ shaft spline rolling                                           ◾ ZF Group
  products, rear drive modules)
                                  ◾ aluminum die casting and
◾ metal-forming solutions
                                    precision machining
  (transmission, engine,
                                  ◾ profilator processing
  driveline components, engine
                                  ◾ in-die fine cutting
  drive plates and accessories)
                                  ◾ soft and hard processing of
◾ engineering services
                                    gears and shafts
                                  ◾ CNC machining & broaching
                                  ◾ rotary swaging
                                  ◾ heat treating
                                  ◾ welding, including laser,
                                    electron beam (EB),
                                    capacitor discharge (CD),
                                    inertia, resistance & metal
                                    inert gas (MIG)/tungsten inert
                                    gas (TIG)
                                  ◾ manual and automated
                                    assembly
                                  ◾ end-of-line testing, leak
                                    testing and balancing
                                  ◾ electric traction motor
                                    manufacturing (including
                                    rotor and stator winding,
                                    assembly & final test)*
                                  ◾ assembly & final test of
                                    automotive inverters, DC-DC
                                    converters and on-board
                                    chargers*
                                      * through our joint venture
                                      with LG Electronics Inc.




34      Annual Information Form
Electronics

            Products                  Key Processes                   Top Customers                  Key Competitors
◾ advanced driver assistance   ◾ surface mount placements of   ◾ Daimler                       ◾ Aptiv PLC
  systems (ADAS) technology      electronic components on      ◾ Ford                          ◾ Continental AG
  and features                   printed circuit boards        ◾ General Motors                ◾ Robert Bosch GmbH
◾ ADAS sensors                 ◾ manual and automated          ◾ Honda                         ◾ Valeo S.A.
◾ electronic control units       assembly of electronic        ◾ Mazda                         ◾ Veoneer, Inc.
                                 modules                       ◾ Stellantis                    ◾ ZF Group

Mirrors

            Products                  Key Processes                   Top Customers                  Key Competitors
◾ interior mirrors             ◾ electronics integration       ◾ BMW                           ◾ Ficosa International S.A.
◾ exterior mirrors             ◾ injection molding             ◾ Daimler                       ◾ Gentex Corporation
◾ camera and driver            ◾ painting                      ◾ Ford                          ◾ SMR Automotive
  monitoring systems and       ◾ manual and automated          ◾ General Motors
  electronics                    assembly                      ◾ Stellantis
◾ actuators                                                    ◾ Volkswagen
◾ door handles
◾ overhead consoles

Lighting

            Products                  Key Processes                   Top Customers                  Key Competitors
◾ forward lighting             ◾ electronics integration       ◾ BMW                           ◾ Hella KGaA Hueck & Co.
◾ rear lighting                ◾ injection molding             ◾ General Motors                ◾ Koito Manufacturing Co.
◾ auxiliary lighting           ◾ manual and automated          ◾ Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi     ◾ Marelli Automotive Lighting
                                 assembly                      ◾ Stellantis                    ◾ Valeo S.A.
                                                               ◾ Volkswagen

Mechatronics

            Products                  Key Processes                   Top Customers                  Key Competitors
◾ latching systems             ◾ light stamping                ◾ BMW                           ◾ Brose Fahrzeugteile GmbH
◾ door modules                 ◾ injection molding             ◾ Daimler                         & Co. KG
◾ window systems               ◾ manual and automated          ◾ Ford                          ◾ Inteva Products, LLC
◾ power closure systems          assembly                      ◾ General Motors                ◾ Kiekert AG
◾ hinges and wire forming                                      ◾ Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi
                                                               ◾ Stellantis

Roof Systems

            Products                  Key Processes                   Top Customers                  Key Competitors
◾ modular roofs                ◾ “cut and sew” of complete     ◾ BMW                           ◾ Valmet Automotive Inc.
◾ hard tops and soft tops        fabric covers                 ◾ Daimler                       ◾ Webasto Group
◾ textile folding roofs        ◾ backlight gluing              ◾ Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi
                               ◾ manual and automated          ◾ Stellantis
                                 complete retractable roof     ◾ Toyota
                                 assembly




                                                                                             Magna International Inc.          35
    Seating Systems
Our Seating Systems segment comprises our global seating systems operations.




          77
Manufacturing Facilities
                                                9*
                                          PDE&S Centres
                                                                         18 30,200 $4.9B
                                                                         Countries                Employees                   2021 Sales

*   Figure includes certain PDE&S centres shared with other reporting segments.


Top Segment Programs

                                      Customer                                              Vehicle
                                      1. Stellantis                     Jeep Grand Cherokee
                                      2. BMW                            X5
                                      3. Ford                           Ford Escape, Ford Kuga, Lincoln Corsair
                                      4. Ford                           Ford Expedition, Lincoln Navigator
                                      5. Ford                           Ford Transit, Ford Transit Custom

Segment Trends and Strategic Focus
Our Seating Systems group continues to grow organically by winning new business based on its reputation for delivering innovative seating
solutions. Longer term, our Seating Systems group aims to capitalize on its strength in seat mechanisms, vertical integration and
reconfigurable seating, specifically to supply reconfigurable seating solutions for applications such as car sharing and autonomous ride
sharing; as well as seat products that are responsive to growing EV vehicle requirements, including lighter weight seats, and lower seat box
height.

Product Capabilities
Seating Systems

              Products                                Key Processes                        Top Customers                Key Competitors
◾ complete seating systems                  ◾ traditional “cut and sew”              ◾ BMW                        ◾ Adient plc
◾ seat structures,                            technology                             ◾ Ford                       ◾ Faurecia S.A.
  mechanism & hardware                      ◾ manual and automated                   ◾ Geely                      ◾ Lear Corporation
  solutions                                   assembly                               ◾ General Motors
◾ foam & trim products                      ◾ patented EZ-Entry and seat             ◾ Stellantis
                                              stowing mechanisms                     ◾ Volkswagen
                                              systems
                                            ◾ freeform trim technology




36       Annual Information Form
    Complete Vehicles
Our Complete Vehicles segment comprises our global complete vehicle engineering and manufacturing operations.




            9*
Manufacturing Facilities
                                              25*
                                           PDE&S Centres
                                                                           10 12,975 $6.1B
                                                                          Countries                            Employees                 2021 Sales
*   Figure includes certain manufacturing facilities and PDE&S centres shared with other reporting segments.

Segment Programs

                                      Customer                                                      Vehicle
                                      1. Daimler                          Mercedes-Benz G-Class
                                      2. BMW                              BMW 5-Series
                                      3. Tata Motors                      Jaguar E-Pace
                                      4. Tata Motors                      Jaguar I-Pace
                                      5. BMW                              BMW Z4
                                      6. Toyota                           Toyota Supra

Segment Trends and Strategic Focus
Our Complete Vehicles business continues to provide OEM-level expertise to traditional customers seeking a trusted vehicle assembly
outsource partner, as well as new market entrants seeking expertise for their traditional, electrified, autonomous and/or new mobility / MaaS
concepts. Traditional OEMs currently represent the substantial majority of our Complete Vehicles group business customers. However,
engineering sales with non-traditional customers, including Chinese OEMs, continue to grow. MaaS providers represent an important
source of new opportunities since they typically do not have the vehicle development, engineering, integration and assembly capabilities of
traditional OEMs and thus require outsource partners to commercialize their concepts. In this segment, we also focus on leveraging our
expertise in alternative energy storage and propulsion systems by further strengthening and capitalizing on our know-how in different
propulsion systems. In addition, we continue to focus on integration and testing of autonomous driving systems, and we support our
customers with one of the most versatile test environments for highly automated vehicles.

Product Capabilities
Vehicle Engineering & Manufacturing

              Products                                Key Processes                                Top Customers                   Key Competitors
◾ complete vehicle                           ◾ body-in-white                             ◾ BMW                               Traditional and New OEMs
  manufacturing                              ◾ paint                                     ◾ Daimler
                                                                                                                             Contract Manufacturers
◾ engineering services                       ◾ assembly                                  ◾ Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi
                                                                                                                             ◾ NEVS AB
                                                                                         ◾ Tata Motors
                                                                                                                             ◾ Valmet Automotive
                                                                                         ◾ VinFast
                                                                                                                             ◾ VDL Nedcar B.V.

                                                                                                                             Engineering Services
                                                                                                                             ◾ Bertrandt Group
                                                                                                                             ◾ EDAG Engineering GmbH
                                                                                                                             ◾ IAV GmbH

Tooling & Engineering
As part of our production programs, we design, engineer and manufacture tooling for our own use, as well as for sale to our customers.
However, a predominant amount of the tooling used in our production programs is purchased by us from third parties and sold to our
customers on a pass-through basis. In addition, we manufacture tooling for our customers on a standalone basis, which is tooling sold
separately and not part of a production arrangement. We also provide engineering services independent of our production programs, as
well as for programs for which we have production sales.

Acquisitions and Divestitures
For further details of our acquisitions and divestitures in the last three fiscal years, refer to “Schedule B – Acquisitions and Divestitures”.


                                                                                                                           Magna International Inc.     37
7 . I n n ova t i o n a n d R e s e a r c h & D e ve l o p m e n t
Fo cus on I n n ova ti on a n d Tec h n o l o g y
We have historically emphasized technology development and product and process innovation as a key element of our corporate strategy.
See “Section 4 – Our Business & Strategy – Our Corporate Strategy” for further details. We continue to invest significant resources to
develop and commercialize innovative technologies, which will provide additional value to our customers. In addition, we aim to advance our
sustainability goals through innovations in electrification, lightweighting, materials, fuel efficiency, and energy efficiency for both end-use
products and our manufacturing processes.
We expect that our involvement with automobile manufacturers and new mobility partners in the development of innovative product and
process technologies will increase as such manufacturers and partners further involve suppliers like us in the overall vehicle concept and
development process.

Ou r Researc h a n d Devel op m e n t Pr o c e s s
Our R&D activities take place at our Division/Operating Group level and at the corporate level. Our Divisional/Operating Groups work with
our customers to identify product and technology gaps. Magna’s Corporate R&D team, under the global direction of our Executive Vice-
President and Chief Technology Officer, analyzes the key mega-trends that are expected to drive future mobility and automotive
development. As part of these efforts, our Corporate R&D team engages with the advanced engineering and product development teams
of our current and potential OEM customers to understand their product strategies and better align our own product strategy and technology
development with customer needs.
All of our R&D projects follow an Innovation Development Process (IDP) process – a multi-stage process aimed at turning ideas into
innovations that can ultimately be commercialized and scaled. The initial phase of the process is designed to foster the generation of ideas
and includes, among other things: identification, understanding of and analysis of societal, digital, demographic, regulatory, industry and
other trends which may create demand for and thus drive development of new automotive and mobility technologies; review of academic
research; collecting and screening ideas submitted through innovation programs; and automotive customer input.
Concepts that progress past this initial stage are further evaluated, including with respect to: fit with our strategy regarding electrification,
autonomy, new mobility, vehicle connectivity and advanced manufacturing; commercialization potential; and risks and challenges to further
development. Selected innovations then progress through subsequent stages towards product or process realization, validation and
eventually, product launch.
Our R&D initiatives are supported by and involve close collaboration with our Corporate R&D group. Our Division/Operating Group R&D
teams work together with our Corporate R&D group on technology development, and where necessary specific working groups are
established to discuss and develop technological solutions.
As a result of our innovation activities, we have developed a number of product, process and materials innovations, some of which are
described in this Section 7 under “Innovations and Innovation Awards”.
As a key part of our own innovation efforts and to gain further access to innovative thinking outside of our company, we partner with
start-ups and early stage companies, inventors, entrepreneurs, universities, technical institutions and the venture capital community to help
bring innovative ideas to market. We also look for the best ideas from other industries and apply them to mobility – a process we call
“auto-qualifying”. As part of our continuing efforts to develop innovative solutions to the technology challenges of new mobility and the
automotive industry, in the last year we have considered thousands of potential innovations, which has led to several active projects. Such
projects include: development of Driver Monitoring Systems and ADAS features; efficiency and performance technologies related to electric
drives and power electronics; and advanced robotics, inspection systems and data analytics technologies supporting our World Class
manufacturing.

Int ellectua l P r op er ty
We own and use numerous patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property in connection with our operations. In addition, certain of our
Operating Groups license their technology to third parties on a limited basis. We also license and use, to a minor extent, patents owned by
others. From time to time, claims of intellectual property infringement are made by us or against us. At present, we believe that the outcome
of any pending claim, whether positive or negative, will not have a material adverse effect upon us. While in the aggregate our intellectual
property and licenses are considered important in the operation of our business, we do not consider them of such importance that the
expiry of any one patent or license would materially affect our business. See “Section 5 – Risk Factors – “Intellectual Property” in this AIF for
a discussion of risks related to our intellectual property.




38     Annual Information Form
Inn ovation s & In n ova ti on Awar d s
We believe that innovation has been the foundation of Magna’s success and an important factor in our competitiveness, a key operational
priority and a critical element of our corporate strategy. Our current strategic focus is aimed at responding to key industry trends, as
discussed in “Section 4 – Our Business & Strategy – Our Corporate Strategy”. Some examples of recent innovations are as follows:

Innovations

                         ICONTM DIGITAL RADAR
                         Magna’s ICON Radar debuts on the all‐electric Fisker Ocean SUV in 2022, marking the first application
                         of a software‐defined digital imaging radar for driver‐assisted technology. The new digital radar
                         technology, a collaboration between Magna and U.S.‐based Uhnder, enhances a vehicle’s ability to
                         “see” its surroundings and detect potential dangers, including identifying moving or standing objects,
                         low‐lying objects, and open pathways on crowded, multi‐lane roads, at both short and long
                         distances. The system continuously scans its surrounding environment to provide a high definition,
                         four‐dimensional (distance, height, depth and speed) view. We believe the digital code modulation and
                         signal processing found in ICON Digital Radar radar helps address limitations associated with
                         traditional analog radar by allowing for further and better object detection (higher resolution and
                         contrast at longer ranges), programmability, and elimination of interference issues since no two digital
                         radars would have the same code.

                         ETELLIGENT COMMANDTM
                         EtelligentCommand is a PHEV/HEV system featuring a Dedicated Hybrid Drive DHD Plus at the front
                         and an eDrive Mid+ with torque vectoring at the rear, combined with advanced software and controls.
                         Various driving modes are available on command to enhance performance and drivability and provide
                         greater power handling and control. The Dedicated Hybrid Drive DHD Duo is a two e‐motor single or
                         multi speed system suitable for HEV application delivering greater performance, drivability and comfort
                         even when driving in congested traffic. Additional efficiency increases are available through an optional
                         voltage booster and innovative e‐coupling technology for ICE disconnection.


                         ETELLIGENT FORCETM
                         Magna’s EtelligentForce, is a battery electric 4WD powertrain system for pickup trucks and light
                         commercial vehicles. The product features Magna’s eDrive technology at the front of the vehicle
                         and its eBeam electric axle drive system in the rear. The system is designed to deliver the
                         environmental benefits of an electric powertrain, while maintainining full vehicle capabilities without
                         compromising payload or towing capacities of pickup trucks and light commercial vehicles. The
                         system is designed for high‐payload vehicles, capable of towing up to 14,500 pounds – on par with
                         its ICE counterparts in this truck segment. It can provide a total peak power of up to 430 kW ‐ 250kW
                         from the rear eBeam and 180kW from the front eDrive. The solution also eliminates the need for architectural
                         changes to the vehicle and is totally customizable for automakers to prioritize key performance
                         attributes. Magna’s eBeam replaces traditional beam axles, accommodating existing suspension
                         and brake systems, and avoiding the need for expensive redesign of existing truck platforms. These
                         benefits help automakers simplify the transition toward electrification of these vehicle segments.
                         In addition, with fewer moving parts than a traditional ICE powertrain, the EtelligentForce requires
                         less maintenance – a direct benefit to truck ownersoverthelifeofthevehicle.TheEtelligentForce,
                         whichistargetedforproductionin2025,willbepreparedforlaunchbyaspecializedteamat
                         Magna’snewEVcentreinTroy,Michigan.




                                                                                                            Magna International Inc.    39
                    ETELLIGENT REACHTM
                    Magna’s all‐electric connected powertrain, the EtelligentReach, is the latest innovation set to debut
                    on a new entrant vehicle in 2022. The complete system is comprised of two electric motors, inverters
                    and gearboxes, and leverages advanced software to maximize vehicle range and driving dynamics.
                    eDrive technology advancements and the holistic vehicle development approach of the
                    EtelligentReach achieve a range increase of up to 145 km/90 miles or 30% compared to certain
                    production BEV vehicles in this segment, which reduces range anxiety, and is a key differentiator in
                    the growing electrification space. Magna’s approach optimizes the interaction of individual eDrive
                    components and the entire vehicle with a software package that manages multiple vehicle functions.
                    On the new entrant vehicle, for example, EtelligentReach utilizes a functional, modular control unit that
                    integrates various powertrain and chassis functions. This includes a vehicle dynamics controller with
                    a disconnect system which increases efficiency while reducing CO2 emissions, and a longitudinal
                    torque vectoring function that can improve the safety margin by up to 10% by controlling each axle
                    individually in all road conditions, as well as significantly reduce steering effort during dynamic
                    cornering. Drivers can select from several distinctive driving modes ‐ further enhancing the driving
                    experience. Additional efficiency gains are achieved using silicon carbide within the inverter.

                    INTEGRATED DRIVER AND OCCUPANT MONITORING SYSTEM
                    Magna’s industry‐first system solution for driver and occupant monitoring will debut on several models
                    from a German OEM in 2024. The system reduces packaging complexities by fully integrating Magna’s
                    high‐resolution camera, infrared emitters and electronic control unit into the interior mirror of the vehicle.
                    Advanced software actively monitors the driver’s head, eye and body movement and send customizable
                    audible or visual alerts if signs of distracted behavior, drowsiness and/or fatigue are detected. The
                    system is also scalable to also include features such as child presence detection, seat belt detection
                    and identifying specific passengers to enable user preference memory settings.

                    3D SURROUND VIEW WITH NEXT‐GEN CAMERAS AND ELECTRONIC CONTROL UNITS
                    Beginning with 2022 model years and proliferating across multiple customers and vehicle platforms,
                    Magna’s next generation cameras and domain controllers will help make the benefits of 3D surround
                    view – a driver‐assistance technology currently found mainly in luxury‐class vehicles – more readily
                    available to consumers. Magna’s multi‐camera system provides a high‐resolution, 360‐degree field of
                    view around the vehicle. The domain controller then creates a 3D surround-view image by processing
                    four camera images into a seamlessly stitched 3D view of vehicle surroundings.

                    BATTERY ENCLOSURES
                    Magna’s battery enclosures will debut in 2022 on the all‐electric Ford F‐150 Lightning and GMC
                    Hummer EV, illustrating our ability to expand structural product opportunities as electrification
                    grows. The enclosures, which all electric vehicles require, house high‐voltage batteries, electrical
                    components, sensors and connectors, contributing to the structural and safety aspects of a
                    vehicle’s frame and protecting critical components from potential impact, heat and water. In
                    addition, the use of lightweight aluminum helps minimize added mass from the vehicle’s battery.

                    FREEFORMTM SEAT TRIM
                    Automakers are increasingly distinguishing themselves through styling and Magna’s FreeForm™
                    seating technology supports these efforts. The FreeForm™ first hit the market in 2020 on the Cadillac
                    XT5 and is launching on three new vehicles in 2022, including a midsize crossover, a sedan and an
                    all‐eletric SUV. The distinctive seat trim technology provides a clean, sculpted and seamless styling
                    surface and allows a number of design possibilities, a key consideration in light of the rapidly evolving
                    mobility landscape and shift towards interiors and in‐car experience. The seating technology has a
                    number of benefits, including: the ability to achieve design details as sharp as a 1mm radius
                    compared to 20‐25mm for traditional cut and sew seats; improved back comfort due to the greater
                    than 100mm of concavity; improved breathability compared to molded trim products due to the use
                    of foam laminate; additional cabin space due to draw capabilities of up to four inches; and a smooth
                    surface and removable seat covers that facilitate cleaning and maintance including for new mobility
                    scenarios such as ride sharing. In addition, FreeForm uses more sustainable materials, including back
                    seat panels that contain up to 50% proprietary polyols derived from recycled polyethylene
                    terephthalate and a seating surface that contains up to 20% renewable materials from a bio-feedstock.




40   Annual Information Form
                         High-Pressure Vacuum Diecast Front Subframe Engine Cradle

                         Magna has developed the single largest one-piece high pressure vacuum die cast front engine cradle
                         in the world. The engine cradle, which was named the 2021 Casting of the Year from the American
                         Foundry Society, achieves a 29% weight savings compared to a multi-part stamped and welded steel
                         assembly by eliminating 17 stamped parts. In addition to weight reduction, the reduced part count
                         requires less resources for assembly, and the fewer assembly joints results in a stronger and better
                         performing subframe. This improved dimensional stability helped our customer Honda’s 2021 Acura
                         TLX achieve a “2021 Top Safety Pick+” status, the highest safety rating available, from the Insurance
                         Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS). Development of the engine cradle, which spans 1.1 metres,
                         required innovative gating techniques and thermal controls to preserve metal temperature during the
                         metal solidification process to avoid shrinkage and defects.


Innovation Awards
A number of our product and process innovations have received accolades and awards in recent years. In 2021, Magna was:
  ◾ a double honouree at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2021 Innovation Awards from electrification innovations: our etelligent
    Drive mid-power eDrive system, and our etelligent Drive AWD system for electrified vehicles.
  ◾ awarded the 2021 Innovation of the Year award from German-based magazine Auto Bild Allrad. The award which annually honours the
    most interesting new technological development related to vehicles with all-wheel drive, was given to Magna for developments in
    electromobility in the AWD sector.
  ◾ the winner of the 2021 Enlighten Award in the sustainable product category for our Active Air Deflector.

Magna was also a finalist for the 2021 Automotive News Pace Award for our etelligentReach, an innovative electric all-wheel drive system
based on our latest generation of eDrive technologies. In addition, Magna was a finalist for the 2021 JEC Composites Innovations Awards
in the Automotive and Road Transportation – Exterior category for our Composite Space Frame, a lightweight, integrated reinforcing
technology using continuous fibre filament on tailgates and liftgates. The composite space frame was previously awarded a 2020 Automotive
News Pace Award.




                                                                                                      Magna International Inc.        41
8 . C a p i t a l S t r u c t u r e , Fi n a n c i n g s & C r e d i t Ra t i n g s
Capital Structure Approach
Our approach to capital structure remains unchanged from recent years. We aim to maintain the company’s financial flexibility in order to
remain in a position to pursue opportunities and withstand an industry downturn. To do so, we are focused on:
      ◾ maintaining sufficient liquidity, including committed lines of credit, to run our operations and continue investing in our business through
        organic growth, innovation spending, and acquisitions that fit our product strategy;
      ◾ preserving a strong investment grade credit rating of BBB+ or better, and an Adjusted Debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio that meets or
        exceeds the Moody’s Investors Service criteria for a strong investment grade credit rating;
      ◾ growing dividends over time as earnings grow; and
      ◾ returning excess cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases.

Other core elements of our approach to capital structure and strategy include:
  ◾ lowering our capital spending as a percentage of sales, thereby increasing free cash flow generation;
  ◾ utilizing share repurchases to deploy excess cash not needed for organic growth and acquisitions; and
  ◾ delivering strong Return on Invested Capital.

In light of the above strategy, we have made significant levels of investment in our business in recent years and have also returned significant
amounts of capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We had an Adjusted Debt ratio of 1.54 times
Adjusted EBITDA(1) at the end of 2021 and aim to maintain such ratio in the range of 1.0 – 1.5 times Adjusted EBITDA.

Authorized Share Capital
Our authorized share capital consists of an unlimited number of Common Shares and 99,760,000 Preference Shares, issuable in series, all
with no par value. As of March 16, 2022, the Record Date for our Meeting, a total of 294,982,137 Common Shares were issued and
outstanding. No Preference Shares have been issued or are outstanding.
The following is a brief description of the significant attributes of our authorized share capital and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
detailed provisions in our charter documents, that set out the attributes of our Common Shares and our Preference Shares.

Common Shares
The holders of our Common Shares are entitled to:
      ◾ one vote for each Common Share held at all meetings of our shareholders, other than meetings of the holders of another class or
        series of shares;
      ◾ receive any dividends that may be declared by our Board, subject to the preferential rights attaching to any shares ranking in priority to
        our Common Shares; and
      ◾ receive, after the payment of our liabilities and subject to the rights of the holders of any shares ranking in priority to our Common
        Shares, all our property and assets available for distribution in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, whether voluntary
        or involuntary, or any other distribution of assets among our shareholders for the purpose of winding-up our affairs.
For further details of the market for our securities, refer to “Schedule C – Market for Securities”.

Preference Shares
Our Board may, without the approval of any of our shareholders, fix the number of shares in, and determine the attributes of, an individual
series of Preference Shares and issue shares of such series from time to time. The shares of each such series will be entitled to a preference
over our Common Shares, but will rank equally with the Preference Shares of every other series with respect to the payment of dividends
and in the distribution of all our property and assets available for distribution in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up,
whether voluntary or involuntary, or any other distribution of assets among our shareholders for the purpose of winding-up our affairs. No
Preference Shares have been issued or are outstanding and we do not currently anticipate issuing any such shares. In the event we do issue
Preference Shares in the future, we would expect to issue them solely for legitimate financing purposes and not to block a change of control
transaction.

Amendments to Share Provisions and Other Matters
The provisions attaching to our Preference Shares, to a series of our Preference Shares and to our Common Shares may not be deleted or
varied without the approval of the holders of the class or series concerned. In addition, no shares of a class ranking prior to or on a parity

(1)       Adjusted Debt is calculated by taking our long and short-term debt and operating lease liabilities and adding pension obligations and
          certain other Moody’s adjustments. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by taking our trailing 12-month Earnings before Interest, Taxes,
          Depreciation and Amortization, as well as operating lease expense and interest income, and adding adjustments relating to pension
          obligations and unusual items. In each case, such adjustments reflect a methodology for calculating such ratios used by Moody’s.

42          Annual Information Form
with our Preference Shares, or our Common Shares, may be created without the approval of the holders of the class or each series of the
class concerned. Any approval required to be given must be given by two-thirds of the votes cast by those present or voting at a meeting
of the holders of the class or series concerned duly called for that purpose in addition to any other consent or approval required by law.

Dividends
The following table sets forth the cash dividends paid and payable on our Common Shares in respect of each quarter for the last three years.
                                                                                                                           $0.45
               0.45                                                                   $0.43            $0.43 $0.43 $0.43
                                                  $0.40           $0.40 $0.40 $0.40
               0.40        $0.365 $0.365 $0.365
               0.35
               0.30
               0.25
               0.20
               0.15
               0.10
               0.05
               0.00
                             Q1    Q2     Q3      Q4               Q1    Q2     Q3     Q4               Q1    Q2    Q3     Q4
                                     2019                                 2020                                 2021

We intend to continue paying a quarterly dividend from our cash flow from operations, with the aim of regularly increasing the dividend
consistent with our practice since 2010. The declaration and payment of dividends, including the dividend rate, is reviewed quarterly by our
Board and is subject to the Board’s discretion taking into account our cash flow, capital requirements, our financial condition and other
factors they consider relevant. See “Section 5 – Risk Factors”.

Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRIP)
Since 1994, we have maintained a dividend reinvestment plan in which registered shareholders have the option to purchase additional
Common Shares by investing the cash dividends paid on their shares.

Financings and Securities/Corporate Transactions
Senior Unsecured Notes
We currently have the following senior unsecured notes outstanding:

           Issuance Date                          Amount Issued                        Interest Rate                       Maturity Date
 June 16, 2014                          $750,000,000                          3.625%                            June 15, 2024
 September 23, 2015                     $650,000,000                          4.150%                            October 1, 2025
 November 24, 2015                      €550,000,000                          1.900%                            November 24, 2023
 September 25, 2017                     €600,000,000                          1.500%                            September 25, 2027
 June 15, 2020                          $750,000,000                          2.450%                            June 15, 2030


The prospectus supplements which describe each of the notes above have been filed and are available on SEDAR (www.sedar.com).
On February 28, 2022, we completed an early redemption of our outstanding Canadian dollar-denominated 3.100% senior unsecured
notes due 2022. The Redemption Price for such Notes was approximately CAD$ $430 million in the aggregate, including accrued and
unpaid interest on the Notes, up to but excluding, the Redemption Date.

Global Credit Facility
We maintain a $2.6 billion syndicated revolving credit facility that expires on June 24, 2026. The facility includes a $200 million Asian
tranche, a $150 million Mexican tranche and a tranche for Canada, U.S. and Europe, which is fully transferable between jurisdictions and
can be drawn in U.S. dollars, Canadian dollars or euros.
We also maintain a $750 million, 364-day syndicated revolving credit facility that expires on December 9, 2022, and can be drawn in U.S.
dollars or Canadian dollars.

                                                                                                              Magna International Inc.     43
Commercial Paper Programs
We maintain a euro-commercial paper program (the “ECP Program”) and a U.S. commercial paper program (the “USCP Program”), each
backstopped by our Global Credit Facility. Under the ECP Program, one of our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries may, from time to time,
issue euro-commercial paper notes, subject to an aggregate maximum of €500 million or its equivalent in alternative currencies. Under the
USCP Program, we may, from time to time, issue commercial paper notes, subject to an aggregate maximum of $1 billion or its equivalent
in alternative currencies. As at December 31, 2021, we had no outstanding issues under the ECP Program or the USCP Program.

Normal Course Issuer Bid
On November 10, 2021, the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) accepted our Notice of Intention (the “Notice”) to Make a Normal Course
Issuer Bid relating to the purchase of up to 29,948,000 Magna Common Shares (the “2022 Bid”), representing approximately 10% of our
“public float” of Common Shares. The primary purposes of the 2022 Bid are purchases for cancellation, as well as purchases to fund our
stock-based compensation awards or programs and/or our obligations to our deferred profit sharing plans. The 2022 Bid commenced on
November 15, 2021 and will terminate no later than November 14, 2022.
Purchases of Common Shares under the 2022 Bid as of the date of this AIF have been made on the TSX or the NYSE at the prevailing
market price at the time of purchase and in accordance with the rules and policies of the TSX or in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, respectively, or through other published markets, or by such other means permitted by the TSX.
We have purchased the following Common Shares pursuant to the 2022 Bid as at March 16, 2022, and under our previous normal course
issuer bid which commenced on November 15, 2020 and terminated on November 14, 2021 (“2021 Bid”):

                                                                                                                                                        2022 Bid              2021 Bid
  Shares purchased and cancelled                                                                                                                      6,088,900              3,117,837
  Shares purchased and retained for stock-based compensation awards or programs and/or deferred
    profit sharing plans                                                                                                                                 165,773                200,686
  Total                                                                                                                                               6,254,673              3,318,523


Ratings
As of the date of this AIF, we have been assigned the ratings in the table below:

                                                                                       Issuer                    Senior Debt                Short-Term                     Outlook/
  Credit Rating Agency                                                                 Rating                      Rating                   Debt Rating                     Trend
  Dominion Bond Rating Service (“DBRS”)(1)                                     A (low)                      A (low)                     R-1 (low)                    Stable
  Moody’s Investor Services (Moody’s)(2)                                       A3                           A3                          P-2                          Stable
                                    (3)
  Standard & Poor’s (S&P)                                                      A−                           A−                          A-2                          Stable
Notes:
(1) DBRS’s issuer and senior debt ratings are based on its long-term rating scale that ranges from “AAA” to “D” which represents the range from an issuer with the highest credit
    quality to one that has filed under bankruptcy, insolvency or winding up legislation or failed to satisfy an obligation after exhausting grace periods. A rating in the “A” rating
    category is in the third highest category of the relevant scale of eight major categories and is considered by DBRS to be of good credit quality, with substantial capacity for
    payment of financial obligations. “High” and “low” grades are used to indicate the relative standing of credit within a particular rating category. The absence of one of these
    designations indicates a rating which is in the middle of the category, excluding the AAA and D categories for which the “high”, “middle” or “low” designations are not used. The
    DBRS rating trends provide guidance in respect of DBRS’ opinion regarding the outlook for the rating in question, with rating trends falling into one of three categories – “Positive”,
    “Stable” or “Negative”. The rating trend indicates the direction in which DBRS considers the rating is headed should present tendencies continue, or in some cases, unless
    challenges are addressed. A “Positive” or “Negative” does not necessarily indicate a rating change is imminent, but rather the trend represents an indication that there is a
    greater likelihood that the rating could change in the future versus if a “Stable” trend was assigned.
   DBRS’s short-term debt rating is based on its commercial paper and short-term debt rating scale that ranges from “R-1 (high)” to “D” which represents the range from an issuer
   with the highest credit quality to one that has filed under bankruptcy, insolvency or winding up legislation or failed to satisfy an obligation after exhausting grace periods. A rating
   in the “R-1 (low)” category represents the third highest category of the relevant scale of ten major categories and is considered by DBRS to be of good credit quality, with
   substantial capacity for payment of financial obligations.
(2) Moody’s senior unsecured issuer rating is an opinion as to our future relative creditworthiness. The credit rating is based on a rating scale that, for global automotive suppliers,
    ranges from “Aaa” to “C”, which represents the range from those obligations with minimal credit risk to those obligations that are in default with little prospect of recovery. Issuer’s
    in the “A” rating category are in the third highest category of the relevant scale of nine major categories and are considered by Moody’s to be subject to low credit risk. The
    determination of the overall rating assigned to a global automotive supplier is based on an assessment of an issuer’s performance in five broad weighted categories, some of
    which are further broken down into a number of weighted sub-factors each of which maps to a specific letter rating in the range above. The indicated rating category for each
    sub-factor (i.e., Aaa, Aa, etc.) is then converted into a numeric value, which is then multiplied by the weight for that sub-factor with the results then totaled to produce a
    composite weighted-factor score, that is itself then mapped back to an alphanumeric rating based on the ratings range from Aaa to C. Moody’s appends the numerical modifiers
    1, 2, or 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifiers 1, 2 and 3 indicate that the obligation ranks in the higher end, mid-range or lower end of its
    generic rating category, respectively. The Moody’s rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely direction of an issuer’s rating over the medium term, and fall into one of four
    categories: Positive, Negative, Stable or Developing.
(3) S&P’s issuer credit rating is a current opinion of our overall financial capacity (i.e. credit worthiness) to pay our financial obligations in full and on time. This credit rating is based
    on a rating scale that ranges from “AAA” to “D”, which represents the range from extremely strong capacity to meet financial obligations to a failure to pay one or more financial
    obligations when it came due. An issuer with a long-term issuer rating in the “A” rating category is in the third highest category of the relevant scale of ten major categories and
    is considered by Standard & Poor’s to have a strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in
    circumstances and economic conditions than issuers in higher-rated categories. The ratings from “AA” to “CCC” may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (−) sign
    to show relative standing within the major rating categories. The lack of one of these designations indicates a rating that is in the middle of the category. The S&P rating outlook
    assesses the potential direction of a credit rating over the intermediate term (typically six months to two years), but is not necessarily a precursor to a rating change.


44        Annual Information Form
Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of debt and securities. The credit ratings
assigned to us or our senior debt by the rating agencies are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell our debt or securities, since
such ratings do not address market price or suitability for a particular investor. There is no assurance that any rating will remain in effect for
any given period of time or that any rating will not be revised or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency in the future, if in its judgement,
circumstances warrant. See “Section 5 – Risk Factors – “Credit Ratings Changes” in this AIF. We have made payments in the ordinary
course to the rating agencies listed above in connection with the assignment of ratings on our securities. In addition, we made payments to
Moody’s and S&P in connection with the confirmation of our ratings in respect of the issuance of our Senior Notes and continued issuance
of our ECP Program and USCP Program.



9 . D i r e c t o r s & E xe c u t i ve O ff i c e r s
D i rectors
Our Board currently consists of the following members:

          Name & Municipality of Residence                     Director Since                          Principal Occupation
  Peter G. Bowie
                                                              May 10, 2012       Corporate Director
  Ontario, Canada
  Mary S. Chan
                                                              August 10, 2017    Managing Partner of VectoIQ LLP and Corporate Director
  New Jersey, U.S.A.
  Hon. V. Peter Harder
                                                              January 10, 2020   Senator and Corporate Director
  Ontario, Canada
  Seetarama (Swamy) Kotagiri
                                                              January 1, 2021    Chief Executive Officer of Magna
  Michigan, U.S.A.
  Dr. Kurt J. Lauk
                                                              May 4, 2011        Co-Founder & President, Globe CP GmbH
  Baden-Württemberg, Germany
  Robert F. MacLellan
                                                              May 10, 2018       Chairman, Northleaf Capital Partners and Corporate Director
  Ontario, Canada
  Mary Lou Maher
                                                              May 6, 2021        Corporate Director
  Ontario, Canada
                             (1)
  Cynthia A. Niekamp
                                                              May 8, 2014        Corporate Director
  Michigan, U.S.A.
  William A. Ruh
                                                              May 11, 2017       Chief Executive Officer, Digital, Lendlease Group
  New South Wales, Australia
  Dr. Indira V. Samarasekera
                                                              May 8, 2014        Senior Advisor, Bennett Jones LLP and Corporate Director
  British Columbia, Canada
  Dr. Thomas Weber
                                                              January 1, 2022    Corporate Director
  Baden-Württemberg, Germany
  Lisa S. Westlake
                                                              May 9, 2019        Corporate Director
  Florida, U.S.A.
  William L. Young(1)(2)
                                                              May 4, 2011        Corporate Director
  Massachusetts, U.S.A.
Notes:
(1) Retiring at the end of the current term on May 3, 2022.
(2) Chairman of the Board.

All of our directors were elected to their present terms of office by our shareholders at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on May 6,
2021, except Dr. Thomas Weber, who was appointed to the Board on January 1, 2022. The term of office for each director expires at the
conclusion of the next annual meeting of our shareholders.
All of the directors have held the principal occupations identified above (or another position with the same employer) for not less than
five years, except as follows:
   ◾     Mr. Harder served as the Representative of the Government of Canada in the Senate from March 2016 to January 2020;
   ◾     Ms. Maher was concurrently the Canadian Managing Partner, Quality and Risk, KPMG Canada and Global Head of Inclusion and
         Diversity, KPMG International from October 2017 to February 2021. She was with KPMG since 1983 and had served in various
         executive and governance roles, including CFO and CHRO;

                                                                                                                    Magna International Inc.   45
   ◾ Mr. Ruh was Chief Executive Officer, Senior Vice-President and Chief Digital Officer, GE Digital from September 2015 to
     December 2018; and
   ◾ Ms. Westlake was Chief Human Resources Officer of IHS Markit Ltd. from April 2017 to August 2018 and Chief Human Resources
     Officer of Moody’s Corporation from 2008 to 2017.
With the exception of Mr. Kotagiri, our CEO, and Dr. Weber, a non-independent, non-executive director, all other directors have been
determined by our Board to be “independent directors” within the meaning of such term under applicable law.

Board Committees
A copy of our Board Charter, Audit Committee Charter, as well as the charters of our other Board Committees are available on our website
(www.magna.com), have been filed on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) and EDGAR (www.sec.gov/edgar) and are incorporated by reference into
this AIF. Additional information about our Audit Committee is contained under “Corporate Governance – Report of the Audit Committee” in
our Circular for our Meeting, which is incorporated by reference into this AIF.
Membership of these Committees as of the date of this AIF are as follows:

                                                                                               Corporate Governance,
                                                                                                  Compensation &
                  Name                                 Audit Committee                         Nominating Committee                         Technology Committee
  Peter G. Bowie     (1)
                                                                 ◾
  Mary S. Chan                                                                                                                                           ◾

  Hon. V. Peter Harder                                                                                       ◾

  Dr. Kurt J. Lauk

  Robert F. MacLellan(1)

  Mary Lou Maher                                                 ◾
  Cynthia A. Niekamp(1)                                          ◾

  William A. Ruh                                                                                                                                         ◾

  Dr. Indira V. Samarasekera

  Dr. Thomas Weber                                                                                                                                       ◾
  Lisa S. Westlake                                                                                           ◾

  William L. Young(1)
◾ Committee Member                  Committee Chair
Notes:
(1) Ms. Niekamp and Mr. Young will retire at the end of their current term on May 3, 2022. Subject to their re-election at our annual and special meeting of shareholders on such
    date, the Board has selected Mr. MacLellan to succeed Mr. Young as Board Chair, and Mr. Bowie to succeed Mr. MacLellan as Audit Committee Chair.


Additional details regarding our Committee structure can be found in the “Corporate Governance” section of our Circular.




46       Annual Information Form
E xecutive O ffi cer s
Our executive officers currently consist of the following persons:

              Name & Municipality of Residence                                                                  Principal Occupation
  Seetarama (Swamy) Kotagiri                                              Chief Executive Officer (since January 2021)
  Michigan, U.S.A.
  Vincent J. Galifi                                                       President (since January 2022)
  Ontario, Canada
  Patrick W.D. McCann                                                     Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer (since January 2022)
  Ontario, Canada
  Tommy J. Skudutis                                                       Executive Vice-President (since May 2018) and Chief Operating Officer (since
  Ontario, Canada                                                         May 2007)
  Guenther F. Apfalter                                                    President, Magna Europe (since February 2011) and President, Magna Asia
  Upper Austria, Austria                                                  (since July 2020)
  Bruce R. Cluney                                                         Executive Vice-President and Chief Legal Officer (since July 2020)
  Ontario, Canada
  Matteo Del Sorbo                                                        Executive Vice-President, Magna New Mobility (since January 2022)
  Ontario, Canada
  Uwe Geissinger                                                          Executive Vice-President, Operational Efficiency (since February 2021)
  Hesse, Germany
  Anton Mayer                                                             Executive Vice-President and Chief Technology Officer (since January 2022)
  Lower Austria, Austria
  Aaron D. McCarthy                                                       Executive Vice-President and Chief Human Resources Officer (since
  Ontario, Canada                                                         January 2019)
  Boris Shulkin                                                           Executive Vice-President, Technology & Investments (since February 2021)(1)
  Michigan, U.S.A.
  Eric J. Wilds                                                           Executive Vice-President and Chief Sales & Marketing Officer (since
  Michigan, U.S.A.                                                        January 2020)
NOTES:
(1) Mr. Shulkin has been appointed Executive Vice-President and Chief Digital and Information Officer effective April 1, 2022.

To the extent that our executive officers have not held the offices identified above for the last five years, they have held the following offices
or positions with us and/or have had the following principal occupations during the last five years:
   ◾ Prior to becoming our CEO, Mr. Kotagiri was President, Magna International from January 2020 to December 2020 and Executive
     Vice-President and Chief Technology Officer from January 2014 to January 2020. He also served as President, Power and Vision from
     May 2018 to December 2020 and as President, Magna Electronics from February 2016 to May 2018;
   ◾ Mr. Galifi was Executive Vice-President from September 1996 to December 2021, and Chief Financial Officer from December 1997 to
     December 2021;
   ◾ Mr. McCann was Senior Vice-President, Finance from May 2019 to December 2021, and Vice-President, Cosma Group from January
     2016 to April 2019;
   ◾ Mr. Cluney was Executive Vice-President and General Counsel, Power and Vision from July 2018 to July 2020 and Vice-President,
     Secretary and General Counsel of Magna Closures / Magna Mirrors (now known as Mechatronics / Magna Mirrors / Magna Lighting)
     from January 2010 to July 2018;
   ◾ Mr. Del Sorbo was Vice-President, Business Development from January 2020 to January 2022 and Vice-President, Business
     Development – Exteriors, Seating, Mirrors, Closures and Cosma Groups from January 2017 to January 2020;
   ◾ Mr. Geissinger was President, Magna Electronics and Senior Vice-President Operations, Power & Vision Group from April 2019 to
     February 2021, and Senior Vice-President, Fluid Pressure & Controls Group from January 2017 to March 2019;
   ◾ Mr. Mayer was Executive Vice President, Research and Development from October 2021 to December 2021, Executive Vice-
     President, Systems and Portfolio Strategy from February 2021 to September 2022, Senior Vice-President, Global Engineering at
     Magna Powertrain from November 2017 to February 2021 and Vice-President, Corporate Engineering and R&D at Magna International
     from January 2010 to November 2017;
   ◾ Mr. McCarthy joined Magna in January 2016 as Vice-President, Human Resources, the Americas and India and remained in this role
     until December 2018;
   ◾ Mr. Shulkin was Senior Vice-President, Technology and Development from July 2020 to February 2021 and Vice-President, Research
     and Development from May 2011 to July 2020; and

                                                                                                                                 Magna International Inc.   47
  ◾   Mr. Wilds was Executive Vice-President, Strategic Growth Initiatives, Magna Powertrain and Magna Electronics from April 2016 to
      December 2017 and Executive Vice President, Business Development & Strategy, Magna Power and Vision from January 2018 to
      January 2020.

Beneficial Ownership of Securities
As at March 16, 2022, we had 294,982,137 Common Shares issued and outstanding. All our directors and executive officers (as a group
24 persons) owned beneficially or exercised control or direction over 1,384,389 Common Shares representing approximately 0.5% of the
class, as at March 16, 2022. Our issued and outstanding Common Shares are held as follows:
                                                               0.5%
                                                                   6.5%




                                                                     93%



              Public, 274,258,526      North American and European DPSPs, 19,339,222           Directors/Executive Officers, 1,384,389




10. Legal Proceedings
Antitrust Investigation
In September 2014, the Conselho Administrativo de Defesa Economica (“CADE”), Brazil’s Federal competition authority, attended at one of
the company’s operating divisions in Brazil to obtain information in connection with an ongoing antitrust investigation relating to suppliers of
automotive door latches and related products (“access mechanisms”). In May 2019, CADE informed the company that it completed its
preliminary investigation and, based on a review of the evidence, had commenced a formal administrative proceeding into alleged
anticompetitive behaviour relating to access mechanisms involving the company. Administrative proceedings of this nature can often
continue for several years. At this time, management is unable to predict the duration or outcome of the Brazilian administrative proceeding,
including whether any operating divisions of the company will be found liable for any violation of law or the extent or magnitude of any
liability, if any. In the event that wrongful conduct is found, CADE may impose administrative penalties or fines taking into account several
mitigating and aggravating factors. Administrative fines are tied to the sales in Brazil of the applicable Magna companies in the fiscal year
prior to the commencement of the formal administrative proceeding.
Magna’s policy is to comply with all applicable laws, including antitrust and competition laws. Based on a previously completed global
review of legacy antitrust risks which led to a September 2020 settlement with the European Commission where Magna received full
immunity regarding two separate bilateral cartels involving the supply of closure systems, Magna does not currently anticipate any material
liabilities. However, we could be subject to restitution settlements, civil proceedings, reputational damage and other consequences, including
as a result of the matters specifically referred to above.

Other
In the ordinary course of business activities, we may become contingently liable for litigation and claims with customers, suppliers, former
employees and other parties. In addition, we may be, or could become, liable to incur environmental remediation costs to bring environmental
contamination levels back within acceptable legal limits. On an ongoing basis, we assess the potential of any adverse judgments or
outcomes to these matters, as well as any associated probable costs and losses.
A determination of the provision required, if any, for these contingencies is made after analysis of each individual issue. The required
provision may change in the future due to new developments in each matter or changes in approach, such as a change in settlement
strategy in dealing with these matters.

Warranty, Product Liability and Recall Costs
In certain circumstances, we are at risk for warranty, product liability and recall costs, and are currently experiencing increased customer
pressure to assume greater warranty responsibility. Certain customers seek to impose, partial responsibility for the warranty costs where the
underlying root cause of product or system failure cannot be determined. Due to the nature of the costs, we make our best estimate of the
expected future costs, however, the ultimate amount of such costs could be materially different. For most types of products, we only
account for existing or probable claims on product defect issues when amounts related to such issues are probable and reasonably
estimable. However, for certain complete vehicle assembly, powertrain systems, and electronics contracts, we record an estimate of future
warranty-related costs based on the terms of the specific customer agreements and/or our warranty experience.

48      Annual Information Form
Product liability and recall provisions are established based on our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle existing claims, which
typically take into account: the number of units that may be returned; the cost of the product being replaced; labour to remove and replace
the defective part; and the customer’s administrative costs relating to the recall. In making this estimate, judgement is also required as to the
ultimate negotiated sharing of the cost between us, the customer and, in some cases a supplier. Where applicable, insurance recoveries
related to such provisions are also recorded.



11. Other Information
Additional Information
Our Circular contains the following additional information:
  ◾ our directors’ and named executive officers’ remuneration and indebtedness;
  ◾ our voting securities and their principal holders; and
  ◾ securities authorized for issuance under our equity-based compensation plans.

Additional financial information about us is provided in our consolidated financial statement as at and for the year ended December 31, 2021
and in our MD&A. These documents and additional information about us may be found on SEDAR, at www.sedar.com, on EDGAR at
www.sec.gov/edgar and on our website, at www.magna.com.

Interests of Management & Others in Material Transactions
Reference is made to “Interests of Management and Other Insiders in Certain Transactions” in our Circular for our Meeting, which is
incorporated by reference into this AIF.

Transfer Agent & Registrar
The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Shares is Computershare Trust Company of Canada, at its principal offices in Toronto,
Ontario. The co-transfer agent and co-registrar for our Common Shares in the United States is Computershare Trust Company, N.A., at its
offices in Louisville, Kentucky.

Interests of Experts
Our independent auditor for the 2021 fiscal year is Deloitte LLP. Deloitte LLP is independent within the meaning of the Rules of Professional
Conduct of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario, and the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the SEC and the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB). Additional information regarding the fees paid to our independent auditors
is contained under “Business of the Meeting – Reappointment of Deloitte as Magna’s Independent Auditors” in our Circular, which is
incorporated by reference into this AIF.




                                                                                                            Magna International Inc.          49
S c hedu les
                                                               Schedule A
                                                 Principal Subsidiaries and Investments
Subsidiaries
A list of our principal subsidiaries and each of their jurisdictions of incorporation as of December 31, 2021 is set out below. Our legal
structure (including that of our subsidiaries) is not necessarily indicative of our operational structure.

                                                                                                                                                  Voting           Jurisdiction of
  Subsidiary(1)(2)                                                                                                                                Securities       Incorporation
  1305290 Ontario Inc.                                                                                                                            100%             Ontario
    Magna International Investments S.A.                                                                                                          100%             Luxembourg
      Magna International Automotive Holding GmbH                                                                                                 100%             Austria
         Magna Automotive Europe GmbH                                                                                                             100%             Austria
            Magna Automotive Holding GmbH                                                                                                         100%             Austria
               Magna Metalforming GmbH                                                                                                            100%             Austria
                 Magna Steyr AG & Co. KG                                                                                                          100%             Austria
                   Magna Powertrain GmbH & Co KG                                                                                                  100%             Austria
                   Magna Steyr Fahrzeugtechnik AG & Co. KG                                                                                        100%             Austria
                     Magna Powertrain GmbH                                                                                                        100%             Austria
         Magna Automotive Holding (Germany) GmbH                                                                                                  100%             Germany
                       Magna PT Holding GmbH                                                                                                      100%             Germany
  175 Holdings ULC                                                                                                                                100%             Alberta
    Magna US Holding, Inc.                                                                                                                        100%             Delaware
      Cosma International of America, Inc.                                                                                                        100%             Michigan
      Intier Automotive of America, Inc.                                                                                                          100%             Delaware
         Intier Automotive of America Holdings, Inc.                                                                                              100%             Delaware
            Magna Seating of America, Inc.                                                                                                        100%             Delaware
      Magna Exteriors Holdings, Inc.                                                                                                              100%             Delaware
         Magna Exteriors of America, Inc.                                                                                                         100%             Delaware
      Magna Mirrors of America, Inc.                                                                                                              100%             Michigan
  Magna International (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                                                         100%             Hong Kong
  Magna Powertrain Inc.                                                                                                                           100%             Ontario
  Magna Seating Inc.                                                                                                                              100%             Ontario
  Magna Exteriors Inc.                                                                                                                            100%             Ontario
  Magna Powertrain de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.                                                                                                        100%             Mexico
  Magna Treasury Services LP                                                                                                                      100%             Ontario
  Magna Internacional de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.                                                                                                     100%             Mexico
Notes:
(1) The table shows the percentages of the votes attached to all voting securities and of each class of non-voting securities, owned by us or over which control or direction is
    exercised by us. Parent/subsidiary relationships are identified by indentations. Percentages represent the total equity interest in a subsidiary, which is not necessarily indicative
    of percentage voting control.
(2) Subsidiaries not shown each represent less than 10% of our total consolidated revenues and total consolidated assets (although not all subsidiaries shown necessarily each
    represent more than 10% of our total consolidated assets and total consolidated sales) and, if considered in aggregate as a single subsidiary, represent less than 20% of our
    total consolidated revenues and total consolidated assets.




50       Annual Information Form
Investments
Our principal equity method investments are the following:

                                                 Magna Equity
               Joint Venture                     Ownership %                        Partner(s)                 Reporting Segment
                                              76.7%
                                                                     Current and retired members of senior
 Litens Automotive Partnership                (non-controlling                                                Power & Vision
                                                                     Litens management
                                              50% voting interest)
 Hubei HAPM MAGNA Seating                                            Hubei Aviation Precision
                                              49.9%                                                           Seating Systems
 Systems Co., Ltd.                                                   Machinery Co., Ltd.
 LG Magna e-Powertrain Co.,Ltd.               49.0%                  LG Electronics Inc.                      Power & Vision




                                                                                                    Magna International Inc.    51
                                                      Schedule B
                                             Acquisitions and Divestitures
We have completed a number of acquisitions, divestitures, financings and securities/corporate transactions in the last three fiscal years,
including those listed below. None of these acquisitions constitutes a “significant acquisition” within the meaning of such term in National
Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations of the Canadian Securities Administrators. Additional information about the
acquisitions and/or divestitures listed below can be found in Note 5 of our consolidated financial statement as at and for the year ended
December 31, 2021, Notes 5 and 7 of our consolidated financial statement as at and for the year ended December 31, 2020, and Note 7
of our consolidated financial statement as at and for the year ended December 31, 2019.

Acquisitions

                       Year                                            Acquisition
                      2021       ◾    Getrag Ford Transmission GmbH’s non-controlling interest in Getrag (Jiangxi)
                                      Transmission Co., Ltd., a Chinese joint venture controlled by Magna, and a
                                      facility in Europe
                                 ◾    65% equity interest and a controlling financial interest in Chongqing Hongli
                                      Zhixin Scientific Technology Development Group LLC
                                 ◾    Klein Automotive, a metalforming operation in Czechia
                      2020       Controlling interest in Getrag (Jiangxi) Transmission Co., Ltd joint venture
                      2019       VIZA GECA, S.L.

Divestitures

                       Year                                            Divestiture
                      2021       ◾    Distribution to Ford Motor Company of certain assets of Getrag Ford
                                      Transmission GmbH, a European joint venture with Ford, in connection with
                                      multiple agreements with Ford to operate certain businesses within the joint
                                      venture under separate ownership
                                 ◾    Three Body Exteriors & Structures operations in Germany
                      2020       None
                      2019       Fluid Pressure & Controls Business




52     Annual Information Form
                                                      Schedule C
                                                  Market for Securities
Our Common Shares are listed and posted for trading on the TSX under the trading symbol “MG”, and on the New York Stock Exchange
under the trading symbol “MGA”.
The high and low sale prices and volume of shares traded for our Common Shares, as reported by the TSX and NYSE, respectively, for the
months during the year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows:

                        TSX High           TSX Low              TSX             NYSE High           NYSE Low             NYSE
         Month            (C$)               (C$)              Volume              ($)                 ($)              Volume
 January                  97.98              87.42           15,214,097            77.59              68.30           30,275,925
 February                110.45              90.78           16,778,739            87.76              70.85           32,170,356
 March                   118.71             104.57           20,800,994            95.38              82.43           37,059,049
 April                   123.50             110.09           12,991,585            99.72              87.55           32,161,724
 May                     121.70             110.90           13,842,588           100.79              91.12           25,671,652
 June                    126.00             110.05           14,423,263           104.28              88.74           28,018,129
 July                    117.00              99.33           12,706,592            95.00              78.93           29,651,823
 August                  109.04              97.91           15,318,956            87.18              76.10           28,839,610
 September               103.30              93.24           15,744,748            81.99              72.65           22,887,129
 October                 107.86              94.42           15,028,334            87.09              74.53           27,018,982
 November                113.00              95.62           17,563,695            89.98              74.84           31,834,705
 December                104.29              96.39           13,550,584            82.46              74.53           22,950,960




                                                                                                    Magna International Inc.       53
A p pen d ix 1



Sustainability
Report
FY 2021




                 Magna International Inc.   A-1
              Contents
               Sustainability Report
               A-4    Summary Sustainability Metrics
               A-5    Introduction
               A-5    Sustainability Governance
               A-8    Climate-Related Opportunities
              A-13    Climate-Related Risks and Risk Mitigation
              A-19    Non-Climate Elements of Sustainability
              A-30    Sustainability Metrics




A-2   Annual Information Form
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE




Committed to a Sustainable Future
Concern for the environment is central to who we are and what we do at Magna.
Last year, we committed to being carbon neutral in our European operations by 2025
and globally by 2030, placing us among industry leaders. Some of our divisions have
already exceeded those ambitious goals, because we get down to the shop- oor level
when it comes to sustainability.

While energy, water, and natural gas conservation are important to sustainability, they
are just part of the equation for us. We think bigger. It’s about protecting our common
home and making a better society overall.

This is why so many Magna employees around the world plant tens of thousands of
trees each year, tend beehives, cultivate wild owers, and ride bikes to work. We know
we are all responsible for meeting our sustainability goals.




Where we are                                          Where we are going

14% Global electricity buy is renewable electricity   35% Expected by 2025

29 Divisions use renewable electricity                >120 Divisions expected by 2025

9 Divisions are CO2 neutral                           110 Divisions expected by 2025

5 Divisions have on-site solar generation             >20 Divisions currently investigating




                                                                                Magna International Inc.   A-3
S ummar y S u s t a i n a b i l i ty M e t r i c s
                                                                                                                                                                      CHANGE FROM
  TOPIC                        SASB CODE                             METRIC                             UNIT OF MEASURE                  MAGNA 2021 DATA(1)          2019 BASELINE(2)
  GHG Emissions                       —               Scope 1 & 2 emissions                             Metric Tons (t) CO2e                    1,613,922 t              љ 24.1%
  Energy                       TR-AP-130a.1           Aggregate amount of energy                         Gigajoules (GJ)                      19,493,920 GJ              љ 15.3%
  Management                                          consumed                                        MegaWatt hours (MWh)                   5,414,978 MWh
                                                      % of energy consumed supplied                        Percentage (%)                         57.5%                  ј 2 bps
                                                      from electrical grid
                                                      % of energy consumed that is                         Percentage (%)                          8.2%                     —
                                                      renewable energy
                                      —               Energy intensity                                MegaWatt hours (MWh) /               149 MWh / USDm                љ 8.0%
                                                                                                          Sales (USDm)
                                                      Energy intensity reduction                      MegaWatt hours (MWh) /                Target: ≥2% p.a.                —
                                                                                                          Sales (USDm)                      Actual: 4% 2021
  Waste                        TR-AP-150a.1           Aggregate amount of waste                             Metric Tons (t)                     1,144,018 t                 —
  Management                                          generated from manufacturing
                                                      operations
                                                      % of waste generated that is                         Percentage (%)                          7.0%                     —
                                                      hazardous
                                                      % of waste generated that was                        Percentage (%)                         88.4%                     —
                                                      recycled
                                                      % hazardous waste diverted from                      Percentage (%)                         91.0%                     —
                                      —               landfill
                                                      Waste diversion from landfill target                 Percentage (%)                       ≥95% p.a.                   —
  Water                               —               Annual water withdrawals                             Megalitres (ML)                       6,922 ML                љ 9.2%
  Management
                                                      Water reduction target                               Percentage (%)                    1.5% p.a.                      —
                                                                                                                                        15% by 2030 (vs. 2019)
  Environmental                       —               Annual remediation expenses                    Reporting Currency (USD)                     <$1.0m                No Change
  Management
                                                      Aggregate remediation balance for              Reporting Currency (USD)                    $14.1 m                 ј 4.5%
                                                      known events
  Competitive                  TR-AP-520a.1           Total amount of monetary losses                Reporting Currency (USD)                       NIL                    NIL
  Behaviour                                           incurred as a result of legal
                                                      proceedings associated with
                                                      anti-competitive behaviour
                                                      regulations
  Health and Safety                   —               Accident frequency rate                        1.0 = 1 injury / illness per                   0.49                 љ 52.9%
                                                                                                     100 employees working
                                                                                                  40 hours/week, 50 weeks/year
                                                      Accident severity rate                        10.0 = 10 lost work days /                     12.80                 ј 3.6%
                                                                                                     100 employees working
                                                                                                  40 hours/week, 50 weeks/year
  Gender Diversity                    —               % of employees who are women(3)                      Percentage (%)                           27%                     —
                                                      % women in Critical Positions                        Percentage (%)                           16%                     —
                                                      % Women on the Board of Magna                        Percentage (%)                         42%(4)                 ј 9 bps
Notes:
(1) 2021 data with respect to Water Withdrawals, Emissions, Energy Management, and Waste Management is preliminary.
(2) Items indicated by a dash were not tracked in 2019.
(3) Wholly-owned operations only.
(4) As of May 3, 2022, the percentage of women on the Board will be 36%, assuming election of all nominees for Magna’s annual and special meeting of shareholders.




A-4         Annual Information Form
Int r od u ctio n
At Magna we are committed to making a difference through our products and processes, as well as care and concern for our people and
the communities in which they live.




Magna’s Climate Change Committment
We recognize the reality of climate change and its impact on the planet. As a result, we are focused on doing the right things today so that
our corporate interests do not come at the expense of the viability of life for the generations that follow. Although combating climate change
requires a collective global response, Magna is determined to play its part in addressing this existential threat to our planet. We took a
significant step in 2021, targeting carbon neutrality (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) in our European operations by 2025 and in our global
operations by 2030. To date, nine of our Divisions globally have achieved carbon neutrality.
We believe our ambitous commitment makes us an industry leader in North America and aligns us with industry leaders in Europe. Moreover,
we are focused on a science-based approach aligned with the objectives of the Paris Climate Agreement and intend to submit our emission
reduction targets for official validation by the Science-based Targets initiative (SBTi) by the second quarter of 2023.
Our progress to date with respect to carbon neutrality-is Detailed in this Sustainability Report.
Approach to Sustainable Value Creation
Overall, our approach to sustainable value creation involves:
  ◾ designing, engineering, manufacturing and delivering innovative product solutions for our customers, which achieve shared goals of
    reduced weight, lower fuel consumption and reduced carbon emissions;
  ◾ optimizing and innovating our manufacturing processes for resource and input efficiency, as well as product quality;
  ◾ enhancing the energy efficiency of our plants to reduce Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions;
  ◾ implementing our roadmap for the transition to 100% renewable energy to reduce our Scope 2 emissions;
  ◾ working on a roadmap for engaging our supply chain regarding Scope 3 emissions;
  ◾ treating our employees fairly and looking out for their health, safety and general well-being; and
  ◾ serving as a good community partner, particularly in the communities in which our employees live and work.


                                           This Sustainability Report aims to provide our stakeholders with a better understanding of how
               Governance                  we approach the creation of sustainable, long-term value and our management of sustainability-
                                           related risks. The report has been structured to align with the Task Force on Climate-related
                                           Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) framework, as well as the Sustainability Accounting Standards
                Strategy
                                           Board’s (“SASB”) Auto Parts accounting standard, where possible. While this report may not
                                           currently provide stakeholders with all of the information sought through the TCFD and SASB
                 Risk
              Management                   frameworks; we continue to evolve and enhance our disclosure as our collection and validation
                                           of the applicable data improves. While the TCFD and SASB Auto Parts frameworks primarily
                                           address climate-related factors, this Sustainability Report aims to go beyond such items to give
              Metrics and                  stakeholders a better understanding of the broad range of initiatives that define our approach to
               Targets
                                           sustainable value creation.



1.      Su st ain a b i l i ty G over n a nc e
1.1   Board Oversight
Magna’s Board of Directors is the company’s highest decision-making body, except to the extent certain rights have been reserved for
shareholders under applicable law or Magna’s articles of incorporation or by-laws. As such, the Board is responsible for the overall
stewardship of the company by: supervising the management of the business and affairs of Magna in accordance with the legal requirements
set out in applicable company law (Business Corporations Act (Ontario)), as well as other applicable law; and, jointly with Management,

                                                                                                         Magna International Inc.        A-5
seeking to create long-term shareholder value. The Board operates under a written Board Charter, in addition to applicable law, our articles
of incorporation and by-laws. The Board Charter, which has been filed on SEDAR, and is available in the Leadership & Governance section
of Magna’s website (www.magna.com), delineates Board oversight responsibilities including with respect to a number of areas relevant to
sustainability such as: corporate culture; corporate governance; strategy; risk; shareholder engagement; and fundamental corporate actions.
The Board takes an integrated and coordinated approach to oversight (including climate-related issues). This includes oversight of the
Company’s corporate culture, as well as its overall approach to corporate governance; capital allocation; major corporate policies; enterprise
risk management, including sustainability risks; and shareholder engagement. Climate-related and other sustainability issues are typically
considered by the Board at least annually through the Board’s strategic planning process. Typically, Magna’s Chief Technology Officer
identifies material “megatrends” impacting the automotive industry, including automotive and mobility trends arising from climate-related
issues. Significant opportunities and risks are then addressed by the CTO at the annual Board strategy meeting, while Operating Group
Presidents address the opportunities and risks applicable to their respective business units at the annual business planning meeting.
Guidance, feedback and other outputs from the strategy meeting are incorporated and integrated into business unit business plans for the
next business planning meeting. Sustainability issues may also arise before the Board in connection with its oversight of fundamental
corporate actions such as review/approval of material acquisitions/divestitures, three-year business plans and capital expenditures.
Additionally, the Board annually monitors our progress in reducing our carbon footprint and reviews/approves the company’s material
public disclosures, including our Annual Information Form / Annual Report on Form 40-F incorporating this Sustainability Report. In 2021,
we announced our carbon neutrality targets, discussed above.

  1.1.1    CGCNC Role
The Board carries out its duties in part through standing committees composed solely of independent directors. One such committee, the
Corporate Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee (“CGCNC”), supports the Board’s oversight of the company’s approach
to sustainability and climate change issues, including by assessing Magna’s overall approach to reduce its carbon footprint, environmental
compliance, occupational health and safety, as well as Magna’s actions to identify, monitor and mitigate any material risk exposures relating
to such areas.
Like the Board, the CGCNC maintains a written charter which outlines its specific roles and responsibilities. The CGCNC Charter has been
filed on SEDAR and is available in the Leadership & Governance section of Magna’s website (www.magna.com). Matters under the CGCNC’s
responsibility include: corporate governance, sustainability, talent management and other matters. The scope of the CGCNC’s oversight
role with respect to sustainability includes climate-related issues generally, as well as related elements such as environmental management
and compliance. As Magna defines “sustainability” in a broad and inclusive manner to include areas that go beyond climate-related issues,
the CGCNC’s role also extends to matters such as occupational health and safety, diversity and inclusion, as well as corporate social
responsibility. The CGCNC periodically reviews Magna’s policies, practices and public disclosures relating to sustainability topics, and
makes recommendations to the Board regarding such items. During 2021, the CGCNC received updates on Magna’s evolving sustainability
strategy. The Committee also reviewed, provided input into and approved the organization’s Sustainability Report and presented its
recommendations to the Board regarding the Board’s approval of the Sustainability Report. Additionally, the CGCNC received semi-annual
reporting relating to the performance of Magna’s environmental compliance and management program.

  1.1.2    Other Board Committees
In addition to the CGCNC, the Board maintains two other standing committees – the Audit Committee and the Technology Committee.
While neither of these committees have specific sustainability responsibilities, each may have a role with respect to sustainability risks and
opportunities that arise indirectly out of the committee’s primary role and responsibilities.
Magna’s Audit Committee supports the Board through its oversight of financial and audit-related matters, including financial risks and
disclosures. To the extent that climate-related or other sustainability risks are or could be financially material, the Audit Committee would be
involved through its consideration of the financial statement or other disclosure of the nature and scale of the risk.
The Technology Committee supports the Board’s overisight duties by advising it on technology trends, related opportunities and risks, R&D
and innovation, and technology-focused acquisitions, as well as the alignment between the company’s technology and its strategic priorities.
As such, the scope of the Technology Committee’s role includes products and processes that seek to realize opportunities created by
climate-related challenges.

1.2   Management
Climate-related issues are part of the CEO’s responsibility. As Magna’s highest-ranking member of management, the CEO guides and
directs Executive Management and Operating Group Presidents with respect to product portfolio and strategic planning, business planning,
capital expenditures, innovation/R&D, manufacturing productivity and efficiency, as well as other critical areas, including the setting of the
carbon neutrality targets (Scope 1 & Scope 2) announced by Magna in 2021. The CEO is also the highest executive responsible for
customer management, shareholder engagement/investor relations, as well as talent management. The criticality of climate sustainability to
the future of the automotive industry generally means that climate-related issues are interwoven through all of the foregoing areas of the

A-6       Annual Information Form
CEO’s responsibilities. At the same time, the importance of making demonstrable progress with climate sustainability goals requires CEO-
level engagement and direction to ensure organizational alignment.
To assist our CEO, Magna has designated one of its Operating Group presidents as an executive “champion” for climate-related sustainability
matters (the “Sustainability Champion”). The Sustainability Champion reports directly to Magna’s CEO on sustainability matters and helps
coordinate and align sustainability priorities across the company’s other Operating Groups. Operating Group management is responsible
for development of product strategies to address megatrends, industry trends, and business opportunities and risks, including those which
arise due to climate-related challenges.
We also have a bottom-up sustainability structure with respresentatives at each of our three main management levels (Divisional, Operating
Group and Corporate). Approximately 95% of our manufacturing Divisions have an energy management champion who works with members
of our Global Energy Team to identify and implement high-priority energy management projects. The Global Energy Team functions across
all of our Divisions and Operating Groups to share energy efficiency/management case studies and best practices. Each Operating Group
has a sustainability team comprised of a range of product, process and functional skillsets, coordinated through a Group “lead”. Operating
Group sustainability leads participate in a sustainability steering committee headed by the Sustainability Champion, which consists of
cross-functional corporate leaders representing operational improvement, environmental, purchasing, energy, real estate, R&D, legal/
corporate secretarial and finance, with other functions as needed. In connection with our evolving sustainability strategy and our commitment
to achieving the carbon neutrality targets set in 2021, our energy reduction progress and initiatives are reported to our Sustainability
Champion, helping to increase the visibility of these initiatives across our Operating Groups through the Sustainability Champion’s regular
interaction with other Operating Group Presidents.
A number of initiatives intended to help us achieve our carbon neutrality targets are well underway, including energy optimization initiatives
at most of our operating Divisions and a phased in transition to renewable electricity globally. For us, carbon offsets are a last resort to offset
Scope 1 emissions that cannot be displaced by other methods, not a primary means of achieving our targets.


                                             CARBON NEUTRALITY PRIORITIES

                                                                                    PRIORITY3
                                                        3                           Purchaseofcleancarbonoffsetsasa
                                                                                    lastresorttoaddressScope1
                                                                                    emissionsthatcannotbedisplaced
                                                  CarbonOffset
                                                    (Scope1)

                                                                                                 PRIORITY2
                                                                                                 A regionalportfolioapproachto
                                                                                                 renewableenergyincluding:Power
                                                        2                                        PurchaseAgreements(PPAs),
                                                                                                 RenewableEnergyCertificates(RECs)
                                                   Renewable‐e                                   andselfgeneration
                                                    (Scope2)



                                                                                                               PRIORITY1
                                                        1                                                      Energyreductionsthroughour
                                                                                                               GlobalEnergyTeam(GET)

                                                EnergyOptimization
                                                  (Scope1&2)




Our energy optimization activities are described in further detail in Section 2.4 of this Sustainability Report.
Aspects of sustainability beyond climate-change concerns are typically managed through a matrix structure in which corporate-wide
functions support initiatives implemented or managed by Operating Groups and Divisions. Examples of functional areas managed in this
manner include: environmental management and compliance; occupational health and safety; quality and operational improvement; talent
management, including diversity and inclusion; cybersecurity; data privacy; as well as supply chain.




                                                                                                                  Magna International Inc.     A-7
2.      Clima te- R el a ted O p p or t u n i t i e s
2.1   Corporate Strategy
The automotive industry is being defined by a number of global megatrends that have shaped our long-term strategy, including:

                                   Megatrend                                                 Impact on Automotive
                 Demographic Change & Individualism                 Product design will be influenced by aging population and growing
                                                                    individualization.
                 Digital Transformation                             Connectivity and digitization impact both product and process. New
                                                                    vehicle architectures that connect the subsystems along with
                                                                    software functionality creates additional value to products. Process is
 Society
                                                                    also impacted due to increased digitization, driven by increased
                                                                    requirements for productivity and quality.
                 Health & Well-Being                                ADAS and autonomy take rates will be driven both by consumer
                                                                    preferences as well as regulatory requirements tied to increased
                                                                    safety.
                 Urbanization                                       Continued growth in urban population will lead to changes in mobility
                                                                    as a result of increased density and congestion with an increase in
 Mobility                                                           electric vehicle adoption and new transport modalities.
                 New Mobility                                       Emerging new mobility eco-system offers a range of potential
                                                                    opportunities for new products and services.
                 Natural Resources, Energy & Environmental          Increased focus on the environment and climate change will drive
 Economy
                                                                    growth rates for electrification.
We have distilled the impacts of the global megatrends into four long-term strategic factors which we see defining the “Car of the
Future” – electrification, autonomy, new mobility and connectivity. We believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on opportunities in each
area:

                 We possess an enhanced e-Powertrain portfolio with a range of products that addresses the roadmap for the transition
                 to Electric Vehicles and has allowed us to win new EV business.




                 We possess full ADAS capability and complete ADAS system expertise. We take a systems level approach in developing
                 ADAS building blocks for OEM customers with a focus up to level 2+/3 ADAS capabilities.




                 We have expanded our collaboration ecosystem, continue to look for opportunities to leverage new business models,
                 and are a key enabler of OEM customers and new entrants in the New Mobility space.




                 We possess software-enabled functionality in our electronic control unit-related products. This functionality helps optimize
                 performance and efficiency in connected products, such as our connected powertrains, which can obtain route and
                 other information through cloud connectivity to identify optimal routes to avoid traffic and increase fuel savings.



We have developed our corporate strategy to realize the opportunities from these trends. Key elements of such strategy include:
Increasing capital deployment toward high-growth areas aligned with the “Car of the Future”
We are proactively managing our portfolio and evolving our product mix based on alignment with the Car of the Future. We seek to grow our
business and capabilities in areas which are positively impacted by the megatrends discussed earlier. Examples of such areas include
powertrain electrification, ADAS systems and battery enclosures, as well as our contract vehicle manufacturing operations. As illustrated
below, we believe that a substantial proportion of our product areas are not adversely impacted by the global megatrends, including our
body, chassis, lighting, active aerodynamics, dual clutch transmissions, mirrors, mechatronics and seating products. The strong returns
and cash flow from these product areas enable us to fund the R&D and capital investments required to realize the opportunities in
high-growth products which are benefiting directly from the global megatrends.


A-8     Annual Information Form
                                             •   eDrives                                   Magna Sales Over Time
                                             •   Battery Enclosures
                                  Positive   •   ADAS
                                  Impact     •   Contract Vehicle Manufacturing




           Impact of Megatrends
                                             •   New Business Models
                                             •   Lighting
                                             •   Active Aerodynamics
                                             •   Body & Chassis
                                  Aligned    •   Dual Clutch Transmissions
                                             •   Mirrors
                                             •   Mechatronics
                                             •   Seating
                                             •   Manual Transmissions
                                  Negative
                                             •   4WD/AWD
                                  Impact
                                             •   Fuel Tanks
                                                                                           Today                     Future




Lastly, there are elements of our product portfolio which are negatively impacted by the global megatrends and are expected to be less
directly relevant to the Car of the Future. Examples of such products include manual transmissions, mechanical AWD/4WD systems and fuel
tank systems. Despite their declining long-term strategic importance, our assets and expertise associated with these products remain
relevant to, and can be redeployed for, growing product areas aligned with the Car of the Future.
Driving Operational Excellence
We are committed to manufacturing excellence. We continue to elevate our approach to manufacturing by implementing "factory of the
future" initiatives including: enhanced use of big data and analytics; advanced robotics, additive manufacturing and augmented reality. The
ultimate goal is to achieve greater profitability through further enhanced quality, production efficiency, reduction of floor space and improved
return on investments. Critical elements of our approach to operational excellence include our World Class Manufacturing initiatives and
MAFACT operating system, which are discussed in “Section 6 – Description of the Business – Manufacturing & Engineering” in our AIF.
Additionally, our sustainability strategy dovetails with our efforts around operational excellence, due to the focus on energy optimization and
minimization of both water withdrawals, as well as waste streams to landfill.
Unlocking New Business Models and Markets
The new mobility landscape, which is generally urban, electrified, autonomous and connected, is creating new business models and
markets. We believe that our systems and complete vehicle knowledge, including elements of our portfolio such as electric vehicle ADAS
platforms, provide us with an advantage in pursuing such opportunities. In addition, our ability to use capital efficiently, launch programs
reliably and help speed products to market, makes Magna a key enabler of new entrants, as demonstrated by our arrangements with Fisker.
Our long-term strategy is well-aligned with climate change-related trends impacting the automotive industry, including vehicle electrification,
operational efficiency to minimize manufacturing inputs and waste outputs, as well as the pursuit of new mobility business models. We
cannot determine for certain how quickly the market for the declining products in our portfolio may deteriorate, but products such as
AWD/4WD systems appear to have continuing relevance for the next decade. However, we believe that our physical assets, human capital
and know-how related to the mechanical solutions can be repurposed as vehicle development plans migrate toward electrified AWD/4WD
solutions. We currently offer multiple alternatives to manual transmissions, including efficient dual-clutch, hybrid dual-clutch and dedicated
hybrid transmissions, as well as complete e-drive systems, and expect to be able to continue growing our market share in the drivetrain
market. Fuel tank systems are not a material part of our business, but also have continuing relevance for a number of years to come. The
physical assets, human capital and know-how related to fuel tank systems could be repurposed for adjacent product areas such as vehicle
hydrogen storage tank systems.

2.2   Products and Services
Consistent with the above long-term strategy, key climate change-relevant themes in our product portfolio include:




                                                                                                          Magna International Inc.         A-9
                      Optimizing Vehicle Weight, Powertrain Efficiency and Aerodynamics



                      We continue to support our OEM customers by offering solutions which enable them to deliver lighter vehicles,
                      improved/optimized powertrain efficiency and enhanced aerodynamics, including:
  ◾    Lightweight Products & Materials: OEMs are focused on reducing vehicle mass in order to: downsize engines, thereby reducing
       fuel consumption and tailpipe emissions for vehicles powered by internal combustion engines; and minimize power consumption/
       maximize driving range for EVs. We believe that the breadth of our engineering capabilities across all major sections of the vehicle,
       together with our full vehicle capabilities, provide us a competitive advantage in addressing OEMs’ lightweighting needs “holistically”.
       Moreover, our financial strength has enabled us to fund continuous innovation related to advanced materials, multi-material joining
       processes, manufacturing processes and lightweight products.
  ◾    Efficient Transmissions/e-Drive Systems: Irrespective of a vehicle’s power source – gas or diesel, hybrid or fully electric (battery or
       hydrogen fuel cell) – power needs to be transferred to the wheels through a transmission or e-drive system. Through our powertrain
       business, we offer customers a range of efficient dual-clutch transmissions (“DCTs”), including traditional DCTs for vehicles with an
       Internal Combustion Engine (“ICE”), hybrid DCTs featuring an integrated electric motor for start/stop or plug-in hybrid applications and
       dedicated hybrid transmissions used in applications with an electric motor. Additionally, we offer e-drive systems for fully electrified
       powertrains.
  ◾    Pure EVs: Pure EVs share many components with vehicles powered by an ICE. At the same time, there are many elements which are
       new or which need to be engineered differently for EVs. Multiple Magna Operating Groups are pursuing opportunities related to pure
       EVs, including:
       ◾ e-Drive systems, as discussed above, including through our Hasco joint venture in China that commenced high-volume serial
         production of integrated e-Drive systems in 2022, and our newly established joint venture with LG Electronics.
       ◾ Lightweight seat structures optimized to accommodate EV chassis.
       ◾ Battery enclosures.
       ◾ EV complete vehicle engineering, including integration, validation and testing, as well as assembly.

  ◾    Active Aerodynamics: Redirecting airflow to reduce air drag on vehicles assists in reducing fuel consumption and thus CO2
       emissions. Magna offers a growing range of active aerodynamics innovations, including active grille shutters, active air dams, active
       front deflectors, active liftgate spoilers and active tailgate, as well as underbody panels.
  ◾    Innovative, Lightweight, Energy-efficient Lighting: OEMs continue to seek innovative forward and rear-lighting solutions that
       allow increased styling flexibility, reduced weight compared to traditional lighting systems and energy efficiency. We continue to grow
       our lighting business – organically, as well as through joint ventures and acquisitions.

                      Incorporating Full Breadth of Magna Capabilities into New Mobility Solutions

                      New mobility solutions involve the convergence of electrification and vehicle autonomy trends. Over the medium- to
                      long-term, new mobility solutions are expected to be lightweight zero/low emission (“ZLEV”) vehicles with leading-edge
                      ADAS features. We possess broad capabilities to support new mobility, including through:
                        ◾ Magna’s Powertrain and Complete Vehicles Operating Groups, which have significant expertise in alternative
    energy propulsion and storage systems, respectively;
  ◾ electronics/ADAS features;
  ◾ our complete EV engineering, integration and testing capabilities;
  ◾ our ability to offer new mobility OEM customers such as Fisker an EV platform, electrical/electronic architecture, complete vehicle
    engineering and manufacturing, as well as a complete ADAS system and other products; and
  ◾ our ability to offer customers a versatile test environment for highly automated vehicles, including the entire test “chain” from virtual
    simulation to test rigs to trial runs on public roads.
New mobility solutions may enable us to take advantage of our complete systems knowledge and draw-in expertise from across our entire
product range, including:
  Body Exteriors & Structures:
  ◾ chassis architectures requiring leading-edge materials know-how;
  ◾ battery enclosures for EVs and hybrid-EVs;
  ◾ lightweight thermoplastic body panels and liftgates; and
  ◾ seamless sensor integration into the vehicle body.




A-10       Annual Information Form
  Power & Vision Systems:
  ◾   highly integrated e-drive systems; and
  ◾   full suite of sensing technologies, together with domain controllers.
  Seating Systems:
  ◾   reconfigurable seating solutions that address automated, connected, electric and shared vehicle solutions.
  Complete Vehicles:
  ◾   non-OEM branded (“white-label”) vehicles, engineered and assembled by Magna.
For a complete discussion of our product portfolio, including the ways in which it addresses these areas, see “Section 6 – Description of the
Business” in our AIF.

Section 2.3    Markets
The transition to a lower-carbon economy has provided, and is expected to continue to provide, opportunities to enter new product and
service markets. Some recent new products developed to take advantage of opportunities from such transition include:


                           ETELLIGENT COMMANDTM
                           EtelligentCommand is a PHEV/HEV system featuring a Dedicated Hybrid Drive DHD Plus at the front
                           and an eDrive Mid+ with torque vectoring at the rear, combined with advanced software and controls.
                           Various driving modes are available on command to enhance performance and drivability and provide
                           greater power handling and control. The Dedicated Hybrid Drive DHD Duo is a two e‐motor single or
                           multi speed system suitable for HEV application delivering greater performance, drivability and comfort
                           even when driving in congested traffic. Additional efficiency increases are available through an optional
                           voltage booster and innovative e‐coupling technology for ICE disconnection.


                           ETELLIGENT FORCETM
                           Magna’s EtelligentForce, is a battery electric 4WD powertrain system for pickup trucks and light
                           commercial vehicles. The product features Magna’s eDrive technology at the front of the vehicle
                           and its eBeam electric axle drive system in the rear. The system is designed to deliver the
                           environmental benefits of an electric powertrain, while maintainining full vehicle capabilities without
                           compromising payload or towing capacities of pickup trucks and light commercial vehicles. The
                           system is designed for high‐payload vehicles, capable of towing up to 14,500 pounds – on par with
                           its ICE counterparts in this truck segment. It can provide a total peak power of up to 430 kW ‐ 250kW
                           from the rear eBeam and 180kW from the front eDrive. The solution also eliminates the need for architectural
                           changes to the vehicle and is totally customizable for automakers to prioritize key performance
                           attributes. Magna’s eBeam replaces traditional beam axles, accommodating existing suspension
                           and brake systems, and avoiding the need for expensive redesign of existing truck platforms. These
                           benefits help automakers simplify the transition toward electrification of these vehicle segments.
                           In addition, with fewer moving parts than a traditional ICE powertrain, the EtelligentForce requires
                           less maintenance – a direct benefit to truck ownersoverthelifeofthevehicle.TheEtelligentForce,
                           whichistargetedforproductionin2025,willbepreparedforlaunchbyaspecializedteamat
                           Magna’snewEVcentreinTroy,Michigan.

                           ETELLIGENT REACHTM
                           Magna’s all‐electric connected powertrain, the EtelligentReach, is the latest innovation set to debut
                           on a new entrant vehicle in 2022. The complete system is comprised of two electric motors, inverters
                           and gearboxes, and leverages advanced software to maximize vehicle range and driving dynamics.
                           eDrive technology advancements and the holistic vehicle development approach of the
                           EtelligentReach achieve a range increase of up to 145 km/90 miles or 30% compared to certain
                           production BEV vehicles in this segment, which reduces range anxiety, and is a key differentiator in
                           the growing electrification space. Magna’s approach optimizes the interaction of individual eDrive
                           components and the entire vehicle with a software package that manages multiple vehicle functions.
                           On the new entrant vehicle, for example, EtelligentReach utilizes a functional, modular control unit that
                           integrates various powertrain and chassis functions. This includes a vehicle dynamics controller with
                           a disconnect system which increases efficiency while reducing CO2 emissions, and a longitudinal
                           torque vectoring function that can improve the safety margin by up to 10% by controlling each axle
                           individually in all road conditions, as well as significantly reduce steering effort during dynamic
                           cornering. Drivers can select from several distinctive driving modes ‐ further enhancing the driving
                           experience. Additional efficiency gains are achieved using silicon carbide within the inverter.

                                                                                                           Magna International Inc.       A-11
                           BATTERY ENCLOSURES
                           Magna’s battery enclosures will debut in 2022 on the all‐electric Ford F‐150 Lightning and GMC
                           Hummer EV, illustrating our ability to expand structural product opportunities as electrification
                           grows. The enclosures, which all electric vehicles require, house high‐voltage batteries, electrical
                           components, sensors and connectors, contributing to the structural and safety aspects of a
                           vehicle’s frame and protecting critical components from potential impact, heat and water. In
                           addition, the use of lightweight aluminum helps minimize added mass from the vehicle’s battery.


2.4    Resource Efficiency
  2.4.1    Energy
Our aggregate global energy spend in 2021 amounted to approximately $419 million broken down by type as follows:
  ◾ Electricity – approximately $346 million
  ◾ Natural Gas – approximately $56 million
  ◾ Other (Propane; Liquid Petrol; Diesel; District Heat; Steam) – $17 million

As part of our sustainability and operational efficiency efforts, we are focused on optimizing energy use, which may result in savings in overall
energy costs. However, as we continue to forecast growth in Sales and number of facilities over the medium-term, we anticipate that our
aggregate energy consumption may increase. Accordingly, we are focused on becoming more energy efficient (measured by energy
consumption relative to Sales) so that, at minimum, our rate of increase in energy consumption slows. In connection with our efforts to
promote energy efficiency, we developed interim 2021 energy reduction targets for each of our Operating Groups, which aggregated to
approximately 2% of our annual energy purchase based on MWh per USD of sales. We reduced our MWh per USD of sales by 4% in 2021
(compared to 2020) For 2022, each Operating Group has established new energy reduction targets for 2022 that range from 2% to 3.5%
compared to the prior year.
Approximately 95% of our Divisions have active energy teams pursuing energy efficiency measures in their respective Divisions. These
teams are supported at the corporate level by a Global Energy Team which helps identify and promote energy reduction initiatives, including
through: training courses designed to promote strategies for reduced energy use; regional benchmarking sessions; regular communication
through newsletters; an internal energy savings collaboration site; and best practice sharing.
Some of the incremental changes made by our Divisions to their facilities and processes to reduce our energy consumption and improve
energy efficiency include:
  ◾ Installation of LED lighting;
  ◾ Equipment start-up/shut-down/idling procedures to achieve energy-savings during production downtimes;
  ◾ Compressed air leak identification and repair initiatives;
  ◾ Use of ceiling fans to blend air temperatures evenly within our operations;
  ◾ Computer-controlled utility and HVAC systems to allow for improved performance and energy reduction;
  ◾ Installation of energy metering and monitoring systems;
  ◾ Door and dock seal repairs to reduce heat loss;
  ◾ High efficiency chiller and compressor upgrades;
  ◾ Integration of air economizers and heat recovery units into HVAC systems;
  ◾ Software-managed and occupancy-sensor-controlled lighting and energy efficient lighting retrofits;
  ◾ Use of solar panels at certain facilities;
  ◾ Recovery of waste heat from certain processes for use in other areas;
  ◾ Installation of variable frequency drives on motors and pumps; and
  ◾ Participation in energy savings and incentives programs offered by utilities providers in some jurisdictions in which we operate.

Our efforts to reduce energy consumption and operate facilities on a more energy efficient basis forms part of our formal MAFACT
system – the primary operational assessment audit tool used to support our World Class Manufacturing initiative. The MAFACT system
establishes World Class standards for achieving operational efficiencies, identifies benchmarks and promotes best practice sharing among
Divisions in Magna. The integration of energy management elements into a core operational assessment tool such as MAFACT is intended
to reinforce the importance of energy management throughout the organization and help realize potential cost savings. In 2021, we
completed energy projects across all of our Operating Groups which resulted in approximately 33,000 tons of CO2 equivalent in annual
savings. Given the importance of energy optimization in meeting our carbon neutrality targets and to further incentivize our Divisions, we
have established a separate approval category for energy efficiency and sustainability-related capital improvements. We have also developed
a phased-in renewable energy strategy focused on Europe and the U.S. first, followed by the other markets in which we operate. In 2021,
100% of our energy purchase in Austria was from renewable energy sources and evidenced by renewable energy certificates. In the
near – and medium-terms, adoption of renewable energy may increase our energy costs, but we are working to offset the impact of such
increases through energy use reductions. While we currently have a few examples of renewable energy self-generation at certain of our
facilities, self-generation is not a significant opportunity for us primarily since the vast majority of our facilities are leased.

A-12      Annual Information Form
  2.4.2    Water
We have implemented a 1.5% per year water reduction target, with the aim of reducing water use 15% by 2030, in each case referencing
2019 as the baseline year. While we are not a significant water user, achievement of water reductions would be expected to result in cost
savings, potentially by offsetting (in whole or in part) any increase in the rates charged by applicable water utilities. Overall, we do not
anticipate that any savings will be material.

  2.4.3    Waste
We have also implemented a zero waste to landfill (“ZWTL”) target, with the aim of eliminating landfill-bound waste by 2022. Waste sent to
landfill bears both an economic cost borne by us and an environmental cost borne by society as a whole. Although achievement of our
ZWTL target will help reduce or eliminate the economic cost, we do not anticipate any such savings will be material.

2.5   Resilience
The automotive industry as a whole is investing in innovations aimed at adapting mobility products and service solutions to a lower carbon
economy. The risk mitigation factors below in “Section 3 – Climate-Related Risks and Risk Mitigation” and initiatives to realize opportunities
discussed in this Section of the Sustainability Report, together with factors addressed in “Section 4 – Our Business & Strategy” of our AIF,
are expected to promote our ability to adapt and succeed in a lower carbon economy.



3.        Clima te- R el a ted R i sk s a n d R i s k M i t i g at i o n
Magna maintains both top-down and bottom-up processes for identifying and assessing sustainability-related risks within the governance
structure described in “Section 1 – Sustainability Governance at Magna” of this Sustainability Report. In order to fully understand the risks
set out below, you should also carefully consider the risk factors set out in “Section 5 – Risk Factors” in our AIF.

3.1   Transition Risks and Risk Mitigation
  3.1.1    Regulatory Policy Actions
Applicable near-term policy actions related to climate change generally fall into one of the following categories, each of which may have an
indirect effect on Magna:
  ◾   Average Fleet Emissions or Fuel Efficiency Regulations: governments in key auto producing regions have set challenging average
      vehicle fleet emissions or fuel efficiency targets which OEMs must meet, including the European Union, China and the U.S., as detailed
      below. We regularly monitor changes in regulation relating to emissions and fuel efficiency as part of our strategic planning processes:
      European Union: E.U. regulations generally require OEMs to have achieved E.U. fleet-wide average emissions of 95g CO2/km by
      2021, which corresponds to 4.1 litres/100 km of gas or 3.6 litres/100 km of diesel. Commencing in 2021, vehicle manufacturers with
      an average fleet economy in excess of the target must pay an excess emissions penalty for each vehicle registered within the E.U. The
      2021 average emissions level forms the baseline for a further 15% fleet-wide average emissions reduction from 2025 onwards; and
      37.5% from 2030 onwards. In addition, the E.U. is planning to aggressively increase such targets to a 55% reduction by 2030 and a
      100% reduction by 2035, with the relevant (Euro 7) legislation currently expected to be passed in July 2022, with an implementation
      date of 2025. Penalties levied on non-compliant OEMs may be passed on to vehicle-buying consumers, which could impact demand
      for such vehicles and thus demand for Magna products supplied for such programs. Additionally, E.U. regulations contain incentives
      aimed at promoting the development of ZLEVs. The CO2 emissions targets applying to any particular OEM will be relaxed if its share
      of ZLEVs registered within the E.U. in any year exceeds 15% from 2025 onwards, and 35% from 2030 onwards.
      China: In China, effective July 1, 2021, stringent China VI emissions regulations addressing particulate emissions were implemented,
      which could affect consumer demand for vehicles, or powertrain options for vehicles, that do meet the new emissions standard. For
      example, in 2019, one of our equity-accounted joint ventures in China experienced a significant drop in demand for one transmission
      model supplied to a Chinese OEM. One of the factors underlying the drop in demand was the fact that the transmission would not have
      met the China VI standard, had it been in effect at that time.
      United States: In the U.S., the current administration issued an executive order with a non-binding target of 50% of all new vehicles
      sold in 2030 to be zero-emission vehicles, including battery electric, plug-in hybrid electric, or fuel cell electric vehicles. Subsequently,
      the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) finalized new vehicle emissions standards for passenger cars and light-duty trucks
      with model years 2023-2026 which increase in stringency through that period, and would result in a fleetwide average fuel economy
      of approximately 40 mpg in 2026. More stringent emissions standards for model years 2027-2030 are expected to be introduced by
      the EPA in the near term. In addition, the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) issued new corporate Average
      Fuel Economy (CAFE) standards - regulating how far our vehicles must travel on a gallon of fuel. The new CAFE standards for
      passenger cars and light trucks manufactured in model years 2024-2026, would increase fuel efficiency requirements by 8% annually

                                                                                                           Magna International Inc.          A-13
       (compared to 1.5% annually under previous standards) for model years 2024-2026 and increase the estimated fleetwide average fuel
       economy by 12 miles per gallon for model year 2026 vehicles, relative to model year 2021.
       The tightening emissions standards in the European Union, China and the U.S. are intended to promote the transition to ZLEVs. OEMs
       have been spending significant sums in R&D in order to meet the higher regulatory standards. Although production of ZLEVs is
       accelerating due to regulatory requirements, to the extent that ZLEVs do not sell at the levels expected, production volumes may need
       to be reduced. Lower than forecast production poses a risk to our ability to recover pre-production expenses amortized in the piece-
       price of our product, as discussed above.
  ◾    Phase-Out of New ICE Vehicles: In addition to more stringent fleet emissions and fuel efficiency standards, the number of national
       and subnational jurisdictions committing to, or accelerating existing commitments to, phase-out of the sale or registration of new ICE
       engines is growing. Several countries in Europe have set target dates by which only zero-emission passenger vehicle sales or
       registrations would be permitted, including:
          ◾ 2025: Netherlands; Norway
          ◾ 2030: Denmark; Iceland; Ireland: Germany; Slovenia
          ◾ 2035: Italy
          ◾ 2040: France; Spain

       Moreover, once implemented, the new Euro 7 emissions standards discussed above, which would require 100% reduction in CO2
       emissions would effectively ban the sale of new gasoline and diesel fueled vehicles in EU member countries by 2035.
       The United Kingdom has accelerated its plans to phase out ICE passenger cars and vans, with all vehicles required to have a significant
       zero emissions capability (e.g. plug-in and full hybrids) from 2030, and be 100% zero emissions from 2035. Similarly, Canada has
       accelerated its mandatory phase out of ICE and diesel powered vehicles through a new regulation that requires all new sales of
       vehicles and light-duty trucks to be zero emissions by 2035; with interim targets for 2025 and 2030 expected to be introduced as well.
       Given the long lead times for vehicle development such proposals and emerging regulation are expected to increasingly impact OEM
       and automotive supplier product planning and development this decade.
  ◾    Vehicle Restrictions in Congested Urban Centres: municipal governments in a number of cities around the world have introduced
       restrictions on personal-use vehicles in congested urban centres, in an effort to reduce CO2 emissions and improve urban air quality.
       Examples of the types of restrictions include: car-free zones; toll charges; and use restrictions by license plate. Continued expansion
       of such initiatives could reduce the demand for personal-use vehicles, which could affect our profitability. As a result of measurable air
       quality improvements in many cities during COVID-19-related mandatory lockdowns/stay-at-home orders, an expansion of restrictions
       on personal-use vehicles in urban centres is likely.
We attempt to mitigate applicable policy risks relating to climate change-related regulation in a number of ways, including:
  ◾ monitoring and evaluating global regulatory developments;
  ◾ early-stage interaction with our OEM customers to understand their product priorities and regulatory compliance requirements;
  ◾ in-house R&D, combined with investment strategies in technological start-ups; and
  ◾ strategic planning processes at both Operating Group and Corporate levels, including Board oversight of strategic plans.

In terms of direct policy actions affecting our operations, we anticipate continued strengthening of environmental regulations related to
industrial emissions and discharge of pollutants to air, water and ground. We currently face strict environmental regulations in the countries
where we operate and have developed a global environmental management program in order to comply with or exceed regulatory standards.
Our environmental management program is regularly updated to address changing environmental laws and regulations. Refer to
“Section 4.1 – Environmental Stewardship” in this Sustainability Report for a description of the program.
In considering the potential impact of the above or other climate-related policy actions, readers are encouraged to review the following risk
factors in “Section 5 – Risk Factors” in our AIF:
  ◾ Regional Volume Declines                                              ◾ Market Shifts
  ◾ Consumer Take Rate Shifts                                             ◾ Customer Purchase Orders
  ◾ Impairments                                                           ◾ Customer Pricing Pressure/Contractual Arrangements
  ◾ Changes in Laws                                                       ◾ Environmental Compliance

Over the medium-to long-term, carbon pricing initiatives may present a risk to our profitability. According to the World Bank, in 2021 there
were 65 carbon pricing initiatives implemented or scheduled for implementation in 45 countries and 34 sub-national jurisdictions, which
would cover emissions representing 21.5% of global GHG emissions. We are pursuing energy reduction measures and developing carbon
neutrality strategies for our manufacturing facilities. However, over the medium- to long-term, carbon pricing initiatives could affect our
profitability to the extent we are unable to implement cost-saving or energy reduction measures within a timeframe and/or at a cost which
enables us to offset or avoid the cost of carbon pricing initiatives.

  3.1.2     Customer-Driven Policy Actions
A number of our OEM customers have set carbon-neutrality targets and are challenging Tier 1 Suppliers to support such targets. Some
such OEM targets and expectations are more aggressive than our own carbon neutrality targets. In some cases, we are being asked to

A-14       Annual Information Form
quote the supply of future programs based on 100% renewable energy use for production. Although we expect to meet or exceed our
customers’ expectations, the inability to do so within the timeframes expected could result in the loss of some future business.

  3.1.3    Climate-Related Litigation
We do not currently believe that climate-change related litigation represents a significant legal risk for us. However, if OEMs are adversely
impacted by climate-change litigation, there is a possibility that Tier 1 automotive suppliers like Magna could face additional pricing pressure.
Readers are encouraged to review the “Customer Pricing Pressure” risk factor in “Section 5 – Risk Factors” in our AIF.

  3.1.4    Technology
Investments in automotive technologies that support the transition to ZLEVs can be significant, particularly in product areas such as battery
systems for hybrid and EVs. While our product strategy does not currently include battery systems or other components which generate or
store energy for ZLEVs, we have been awarded several battery enclosure programs and currently offer a range of electrified drivetrain
products, hybrid dual-clutch transmissions (“HDTs”), dedicated hybrid transmissions (“DHTs”), as well as complete electric-drive (“e-Drive”)
systems. We have also expanded our product offering into other areas relevant to ZLEVs, – for example, in conjunction with a joint venture
partner, we can offer customers a complete EV platform. Our R&D spending for electrification solutions has been significant over the last few
years and could continue to be in coming years as electrification-related technologies continue to evolve. Additionally, our OEM customers
are making significant investments in the development of ZLEVs, which is impacting their profitability and could lead to increased pricing
pressure on us.
As ZLEVs increase their proportion of the overall vehicle market over the medium – to long-term, we expect our sales of manual transmissions
and traditional DCTs to decline, and sales of HDTs, DHTs and e-Drive systems to increase. The increasing adoption of electrified drivetrain
solutions adversely impacts our AWD and 4WD businesses over the long-term, since it is possible to achieve AWD through the use of
electric motors in hybrid or fully-electrified drivetrains. However, OEM product plans show mechanical AWD and 4WD programs extending
out for approximately the next decade. We seek to offset displacement of mechanical AWD and 4WD systems through increased sales of
electrified product offerings such as e-Drive systems.
Overall, we believe that the range of products we offer our OEM customers provides us with a competitive advantage and an effective hedge
against the market uncertainties associated with the transition to ZLEVs. As illustrated below, a substantial majority of our products are
“agnostic” with respect to the type of vehicle propulsion system used, and therefore remain relevant to ZLEVs:

                                                                                                                 Included in Magna's portfolio



                  EV             Power Electronics –                         E-Drivetrain                   Battery Pack
                                 EV, HV Hybrid



                                 Interior
                                 Systems                   Body                             Sensors
                                                                                                               ECUs/DCUs
                                                           Structure                        (ADAS)
                                 and Seating

          Powertrain-                                                                                                           Complete
            Agnostic                                                                                                            Vehicle
                                 Body Exterior             Driving                                                              Engineering
                                                                                            Electronics –       Thermal
                                 (incl. Lighting           Systems                                                              and
                                                                                            Other               Management
                                 and Mirrors)              (incl. chassis)                                                      Manufacturing



                                                                                                            Exhaust
                                                                             Engine
                  ICE            Transmission
                                                                             Systems
                                                                                                            Regulation
                                                                                                            Components




In the case of drivetrain products, we view the know-how gained from our mechanical drivetrain expertise as being critical to our ability to
deliver innovative electrified solutions that meet our customers’ needs. In addition to continuing to offer a range of mechanical and electrified
drivetrain products, we aim to mitigate technology transition risks through:
  ◾ early-stage interaction with our OEM customers to understand their product priorities and regulatory compliance requirements;
  ◾ in-house R&D, combined with investment strategies in technological start-ups; and
  ◾ strategic planning processes at both Operating Group and Corporate levels, including Board oversight of strategic plans.




                                                                                                            Magna International Inc.             A-15
In considering the potential impact of the above or other climate-related policy actions, readers are encouraged to review the following risk
factors in “Section 5 – Risk Factors” in our AIF:
  ◾ Intense Competition                                                  ◾ Changes in Laws
  ◾ Consumer “Take Rate” Shifts                                          ◾ Market Shifts
  ◾ Emergence of potentially-disruptive EV OEMs                          ◾ Dependence on Outsourcing
  ◾ Customer Purchase Orders                                             ◾ Impairments
  ◾ Restructuring Costs                                                  ◾ Customer Pricing Pressure/Contractual Arrangements
  ◾ Technology and Innovation                                            ◾ Investments in Technology Companies
                                                                         ◾ Intellectual Property Risks

  3.1.5   Market
Some of the risks impacting the market for our products in the transition to a lower carbon economy are described above under
“Section 3.1.1 – Regulatory Policy Actions” and “Section 3.1.4 – Technology”. Additionally, there are potential risks to the demand for
personal mobility vehicles, and thus for our products, from technology-driven shared mobility solutions such as ride hailing and ride sharing.
To date, such shared mobility solutions have not had a material impact on the demand for new vehicles and no such adverse effect is
expected in the near- to medium-term. In any event, our own strategy related to new mobility seeks to mitigate risks to our business and
realize opportunities based on the breadth of capabilities we can offer new mobility customers.
Additionally, in order to enhance our understanding of potential shifts in consumer behavior, we conduct our own analysis of various factors
that are expected to drive future personal and shared mobility trends, including through:
  ◾ monitoring and analysis of social, digital, demographic, regulatory, industry, geopolitical and other trends which may create demand
    for and drive development of new automotive and mobility technologies;
  ◾ review of academic research;
  ◾ collection and screening of ideas submitted through innovation programs; and
  ◾ early-stage interaction with our OEM customers and new mobility market entrants to understand their product priorities.

We do not currently anticipate long-term supply constraints on key commodities required by us in our business, including steel, aluminum
or resin. However, production processes for steel and aluminum are carbon intensive, with relatively scarce supply of low-carbon alternatives.
As the entire industry’s carbon-neutrality efforts increase, the price of low-carbon steel and aluminum may increase in the near- and
medium-terms until the supply of low-carbon product is sufficient to meet growing demand. In the near- and medium-term, the increasing
production of ZLEVs may also strain supplies of the rare earth minerals and other metals required for vehicle battery systems, which we do
not supply, including nickel, cobalt and lithium used in EV batteries, copper for EV charging infrastructure and rare earth metals for EV motor
magnets. However, such supply constraints could help spur the development of alternative battery technologies or low carbon fuels and/or
promote technological breakthroughs that could facilitate market penetration of hydrogen fuel cell or other technologies. We intend to
continue developing and offering solutions such as e-Drive systems which are neutral as to electric power source (battery or hydrogen fuel
cell stack) in order to mitigate potential risks related to supply constraints of rare earth minerals or other commodities needed for current
ZLEV power source technologies.
In considering the potential impact of market risks, readers are encouraged to review the following risk factors in “Section 5 – Risk Factors”
in our AIF:
  ◾ Intense Competition                                                  ◾ Technology and Innovation
  ◾ Consumer “Take Rate” Shifts                                          ◾ Market Shifts
  ◾ Supply Disruptions                                                   ◾ Dependence on Outsourcing
  ◾ Quote/Pricing Assumptions                                            ◾ Customer Pricing Pressure/Contractual Arrangements
  ◾ Commodity Price Volatility                                           ◾ Investments in Technology Companies

  3.1.6   Reputation
Since light vehicles are contributors to global GHG emissions, Tier 1 suppliers like Magna may face reputational risks from participation in
the automotive industry. Examples of such risk types include potential loss of business from sustainability-focused customers, reduced
investor demand for our shares, and challenges attracting talent. A number of our OEM customers are embedding sustainability criteria in
their sourcing decisions and could reduce purchases from us if they perceive Magna to lag other suppliers with respect to sustainability.
Stakeholders, including investors and employees, as well as prospective employees are increasingly focused on companies’ sustainability
efforts. Investors may sell shares of investee companies perceived to be less sustainable. In addition, millennial and other components of
the workforce want to work in companies they perceive as sustainable, making it difficult for companies to attract such talent if the company
is perceived as lagging in sustainability. However, OEMs and Tier 1 Suppliers have been proactively adapting to climate change and
transitioning to a lower carbon economy, as evidenced by the significant spending on R&D and technological innovation to reduce CO2
emissions, particularly through electrification and powertrain efficiency, as well as the setting of carbon neutrality targets in their own
operations. At the same time, particular OEMs may be viewed as more or less sustainable based on their sustainability strategies and
commitment to transitioning to a lower-carbon economy. Equally, particular vehicle models or even entire vehicle segments may be perceived
to be more or less sustainable. As a supplier of a broad range of systems to all major OEMs, we do not anticipate any consequences to our

A-16      Annual Information Form
reputation by virtue of the fact that we may supply to any particular OEM, vehicle or vehicle segment. In any event, we believe that our R&D
and technological innovation, which is focused on lightweighting, improved fuel economy and lower emissions, together with our
sustainability strategy, including our carbon neutrality commitments, serve to mitigate potential reputational risks.

3.2   Physical Risks and Risk Mitigation
  3.2.1   Acute
With the increased frequency and severity of extreme weather events associated with Climate change, including floods, windstorms,
wildfires, tornados, tsunamis, hailstorms and other natural weather hazards, we face the risk that such an event could cause significant
damage to one or more of our facilities or those of our customers and/or sub-suppliers. While our primary concern in an acute climate event
affecting one of our facilities would be the safety and well-being of our employees, property damage and business interruption would
represent the primary financial risk.
An acute climate event that significantly damages one of our facilities, could disrupt our production and/or prevent us from supplying
products to our customers. Such an event could lead to us incurring a number of costs, many of which may be unrecoverable, including:
costs related to the physical repair of any damage to our facility; costs related to premium freight or re-sourcing of supply; penalties or
business interruption claims by our customers; loss of future business and reputational damage; and higher insurance costs going forward.
Extreme climate events could also disrupt supply chains for the entire industry over the near-, medium- and long-term. For example, a rare
and extreme storm impacted the U.S. state of Texas in February 2021 disrupting oil production and thus supplies of resins and materials
required for automotive seating. Such events can cause shortages of critical materials, which in turn drives prices higher. Efforts to mitigate
the impact of such events often result in higher near-term costs until disruption of the affected material has been resolved, due to factors
such as premium freight costs for substitute materials. As the frequency of such events increases, we may be forced to maintain higher
inventories of various materials and components required for production, to minimize potential disruptions.
We maintain a global property risk control program to support our efforts to mitigate risks to our employees’ safety, physical property risks
and potential for business interruption due to extreme weather events, including hurricanes, tornadoes, flooding and earthquakes. The
program, which includes risk engineering with support from a third party property risk engineering consulting firm, includes the following
elements to promote the physical resiliency of our facilities and minimize the risk of disruption to our operations: pre-screening of facility site
selection; acquisition risk assessments; periodic facility inspections; facility construction design review and recommendations; and training
and education. In certain circumstances, the program extends the risk assessment to our direct suppliers by identifying and evaluating
potential exposures to our direct supply chain (including natural hazards) which could disrupt business operations. Where such supply chain
exposures are identified, a more detailed assessment may be performed to better understand the supply chain risk, including further on-site
assessment, where practicable.
In considering the potential impact of acute physical risks, readers are encouraged to review the following risk factors in “Section 5 – Risk
Factors” in our AIF:
  ◾   Supply Disruptions                                                   ◾   Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
  ◾   Regional Energy Shortages                                            ◾   Climate Change Risks
An extreme weather event that damages any of our manufacturing Divisions and results in injuries or fatalities among employees at such
Division could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and could result in legal claims being brought against us.
Climate change considerations may impact the availability of and premiums for insurance coverage in general, and in particular, for properties
in high-risk locations. Additionally, we may need to self-insure a higher level of risk, which could result in a material adverse effect on
profitability in the event of an extreme weather event which causes damage to one or more of our facilities.

  3.2.2   Chronic
As part of our property risk control program, we have retained an advisor to map our global footprint against identified earthquake zones,
wind exposed/hurricane zones, flood exposed zones, wildfire zones and areas with low water security, in order to assist us with footprint
planning, as well as our understanding of, and efforts to address, potential risks associated with such types of natural catastrophes. This
footprint mapping exercise provides the following conclusions:
  ◾ Property Risk Concentrations: There are ten geographic regions (in Austria, Canada, Germany, Mexico and the U.S.) in which we
    have concentrations of property/asset risk, meaning multiple locations within a 35 km radius, and comprising approximately 45% of
    the total insured value (“TIV”) under our property risk program. All of the regions of concentrated property/asset value are considered
    to be “Low” seismic hazard zones and are not exposed to tropical cyclones.
  ◾ Seismic Zones: We have operations in Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Slovak Republic, Morocco, India, Turkey, Japan, Italy, U.S.,
    Romania, China and Mexico comprising 5.85% of the TIV under our property risk program, which are located in regions of “Moderately
    High” or greater seismic hazard. None of our operations are in regions where the seismic hazard is considered “Extreme”.

                                                                                                           Magna International Inc.          A-17
  ◾    Tropical Cyclone Zones: Operations in certain parts of Mexico, Japan, China, India, Korea and the U.S. comprising 7.0% of the TIV
       under our property risk program are located in hurricane risk Zone 1 to Zone 5, as per Munich Re’s Natural Hazards Assessment
       Network (NATHAN) categorization. TIV by Tropical Cyclone Zones are as follows:

                             Munich Re (NATHAN) Tropical Cyclone Zone                                Proportion of TIV
                             Zone 5: > 300 km/h                                                                    NIL
                             Zone 4: 252-300 km/h                                                             <0.01%
                             Zone 3: 213-251 km/h                                                               0.40%
                             Zone 2: 185-212 km/h                                                               0.40%
                             Zone 1: 142-184 km/h                                                                2.4%
                             Zone 0: 76-141 km/h                                                                22.3%
                             No hazard                                                                          74.3%

  ◾    Flood Zones: Flood risk is typically categorized as 50-year, 100-year, 200-year and 500-year flood risks. Definitions of these categories
       based on Swiss Re’s CatNet Global Flood Zone (GFZ) categorization and the proportion by TIV of our facilities that fall within a five
       kilometre radius for each category are as follows:

                                                                                                     Proportion of TIV
                             Category                         Flood Probability                     within 5 km Radius
                              50 year    1 in 50 (2%) chance of occurring in a year                              1.6%
                             100 year    1 in 100 (1%) chance of occurring in a year                             4.4%
                             200 year    1 in 200 (0.5%) chance of occurring in a year                           4.1%
                             500 year    1 in 500 (0.2%) chance of occurring in a year                           4.8%

Climate change is associated with a rise in sea levels, which places properties located within a five kilometre radius of the current coastline
at risk of coastal flooding. A total of 13 of our Divisions are located five kilometres or closer to a coastline and thus may be at higher risk from
the effects of climate-change related sea rise:

                             No. of Divisions                 Location(s)                     Body of Water
                                    2           Michigan, U.S.                       Lake Michigan
                                    1           Ohio, U.S.                           Lake Erie
                                    1           Ontario, Canada                      Lake Ontario
                                    1           Liverpool, U.K.                      River Mersey
                                    1           Bordeaux, France                     Garonne River
                                    1           Livorno, Italy                       Ligurian Sea
                                    1           Bari, Italy                          Adriatic Sea
                                    1           Golcuk Izmit, Turkey                 Lake Sapanca
                                    1           Tangier, Morocco                     Atlantic Ocean
                                    1           Guangzhou, China                     Huangou River
                                    1           Hangzhou, China                      East China Sea
                                    1           Taizhou, China                       East China Sea

  ◾    Wildfires: Only 2% of our Divisions (located in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Serbia and Spain), representing approximately 1% of TIV, are
       considered as being exposed to significant wildfire risk due to reduced precipitation (drought) conditions.

  ◾    Water Security

Water scarcity is a chronic condition in a number of regions of the world, and it is expected to be amplified due to the effects of climate
change. As part of our PRM program we conducted an assessment of water security risk in 2021. Water security suggests the reliability/
security of an acceptable quantity and quality of water, since water is a critical input in many production processes as well as the lifeblood
of sprinkler protection systems. A reduction or failure of water supply could cause a significant impact on operations in the affected region.
The methodology for determining water security exposure was based on the "Baseline Water Stress" 4 of the World Resources Institute
(WRI) Aqueduct Global Maps 3.0, that measures the ratio of water withdrawals to available renewable surface and groundwater at the
catchment scale. Water withdrawals include domestic, industrial, irrigation, and livestock consumptive and non-consumptive uses. Available
renewable water supplies include the impact of upstream consumptive water users and large dams on downstream water availability. The

A-18       Annual Information Form
indicator used is calculated by inverting the "Baseline Water Stress" scores and converted to a 0-100 scale to represent "Water Availability"
as a percentage. Low values represent water stressed areas, due to either high water withdrawals or low water supplies.

Our assessment showed that we have 61 locations in regions deemed to have "low" water security, comprising approximately 14% of TIV.
The assessment indicated exposure locations in China, Germany, India, Italy, Mexico, Spain and the United States. However, Mexico
represents the most significant region for us in terms of exposure to water security risk as 29 of the 61 locations (48%) are located in Mexico,
representing approximately 70% of the TIV in low water security regions. While we currently attempt to mitigate the impact of water scarcity
risks through water reduction and re-use activities, including the use of treated waste water for irrigation of green areas on a site, the water
security analysis will be used for additional discussions with our risk engineering consultant, including potential additional recommendations
for action plans to mitigate water security risks in the affected regions.

In considering the potential impact of chronic physical risks, readers are encouraged to review the following risk factors in “Section 5 – Risk
Factors” in our AIF:
  ◾   Supply Disruptions                                                 ◾   Regional Energy Shortages
  ◾   Climate Change Risks



4 . Non- Clima te E l emen ts of Su s t ai n ab i l i t y
4.1   Environmental Stewardship



       250+
                                             Magna strives to be an industry leader in health, safety and environmental practices in all
                                             operations through technological innovation and process efficiencies to minimize the impact of
                                             our operations on the environment and to provide safe and healthful working conditions. In
                                             furtherance of this objective, Magna’s Health, Safety and Environmental Policy (“HSE Policy”)
       FACILITIES ISO 14001                  commits to, among other things:
            CERTIFIED
                                                ◾
                                                complying with, and exceeding where reasonably possible, all applicable health, safety
                                                and environmental laws, regulations and conforming with our internal standards based on
                                                generally accepted environmental practices and industry codes of practice;



         25+
                                              ◾ regularly evaluating and monitoring past and present business activities impacting on
                                                health, safety and environmental matters;
                                              ◾ improving the efficient use of natural resources, including energy and water;
                                              ◾ minimizing waste streams and emissions;
      FACILITIES ISO 50001                    ◾ implementing environmental sustainability targets as defined in the Magna Environmental
            CERTIFIED                           Principles;
                                              ◾ utilizing innovative design and engineering to reduce the environmental impact of our
                                                products during vehicle operation and at end of life;
  ◾ ensuring that a systematic review program is implemented and monitored at all times for each of our operations, with a goal of
    continuous improvement in health, safety and environmental matters; and
  ◾ reporting to the Board at least annually.

The full text of the HSE Policy is located on Magna’s website (www.magna.com).




                                                                                                         Magna International Inc.         A-19
  4.1.1   Environmental Compliance
Magna is subject to a wide range of environmental laws and regulations relating to emissions, soil and ground water quality, wastewater
discharge, waste management and storage of hazardous substances. Magna maintains a global environmental program which consists of
both internal and third party audits and inspections of our facilities for compliance with local regulations, internal corporate environmental
requirements and industry best practices as detailed below:

            Audits &                          Risk Assessment &                                   Oversight,
            Inspections                           Action Plan                           Performance Tracking & Reporting
                                       Each ﬁnding identiﬁed in an audit or               Magna’s Environmental Department
                                       inspection is assigned a risk score,               provides ongoing assistance to
                                       with the risk scores of all ﬁndings                Division personnel in resolving action
                                       combined to establish an overall                   plan items, including by reviewing
                                       environmental performance rating for               and approving action plans that have
                                       the Division                                       been submitted to close-out
                                                                                          identiﬁed risks
                                       The Division is provided a report
                                       containing recommendations which                   Audit/Inspection ﬁndings are also
                                       are prioritized based on the level of              communicated to our Operating
                                       risk identiﬁed in the risk assessment              Group management to enhance
                                       The Division is required to develop a              oversight and commitment to
                                       corrective action plan to address the              resolving action items
                                       identiﬁed risk                                     A performance review takes place
                                                                                          quarterly with Operating Group
                                                                                          management
                                                                                          An escalation process is in place to
                                                                                          deal with ﬁndings that are not being
                                                                                          resolved on a timely basis, with
                                                                                          additional environmental risk
                                                                                          awareness training provided to the
                                                                                          relevant Division, where necessary

                                                                                          Magna’s Environmental Department
                                                                                          presents periodic environmental
                                                                                          compliance updates to the CGCNC


General environmental awareness training is provided to employees by Division management as well as Magna’s Environmental Department
as part of ISO 14001 certification compliance. In addition, Magna’s Environmental Department holds regular conferences for representatives
of our manufacturing facilities in order to:
   ◾ reinforce Magna’s commitment to environmental responsibility;
   ◾ communicate changes in local and regional regulations; and
   ◾ share best practices with respect to environmental protection, compliance and sustainability initiatives.


  4.1.2   Hazardous Waste and Industrial Emissions
We operate a number of manufacturing facilities that use environmentally-sensitive processes and hazardous materials. We believe that all
of these operations meet, in all material respects, applicable governmental standards for management of hazardous waste and industrial
emissions. Occasionally our operations may receive a notice of violation or similar communication from local regulators during routine
reviews. We have in the past and will continue in the future to address any such notices promptly. Based on our preliminary data,
approximately 7% of the aggregate waste generated by Magna in 2021 was hazardous. We attempt to reduce the amount of hazardous
waste that ends up in secure landfills through: recycling, reuse or energy recovery initiatives. Approximately 90.5% of the hazardous waste
generated by Magna in 2021 was diverted from secure landfills through such initiatives.




A-20      Annual Information Form
4.2   Fairness and Concern for Employees
                                        4.2.1   Our Commitment to Magna Employees
                                        We are committed to an operating philosophy based on fairness and concern for people. This
                                        philosophy is part of our “Fair Enterprise” culture in which employees and management share in the
                                        responsibility of ensuring our company’s success. Our Employee’s Charter, a foundational
                                        document in our business, sets out this philosophy through the following principles:

                                           ◾ Job Security – Being competitive by making a better product for a better price is the best way
                                             to enhance job security. Magna is committed to working together with employees to help
                                             protect their job security. To assist employees Magna will provide job counselling, training and
                                             employee assistance programs.
                                           ◾ A Safe & Healthful Workplace – Magna is committed to providing employees with a working
                                             environment which is safe and healthful.
                                           ◾ Fair Treatment – Magna offers equal opportunities based on an individual’s qualifications and
                                             performance, free from discrimination or favouritism.
              GERMANY                      ◾ Competitive Wages & Benefits – Magna will provide employees with information which enables
                                             them to compare their total compensation, including wages and benefits, with those earned
                                             by employees of their direct competitors and local companies their Division competes with for
                                             people. If total compensation is found not to be competitive, it will be adjusted.
                                           ◾ Employee Equity & Profit Participation – Magna believes that every employee should share in
                                             the financial success of the company.
                                           ◾ Communication & Information – Through regular monthly meetings between management and
                                             employees, continuous improvement meetings and through various publications and videos,
                                             we keep our employees informed about company and industry developments. We also
                                             conduct regular employee opinion surveys to help facilitate employee engagement and to
                                             receive valuable feedback from employees to help drive continuous improvement.
                                           ◾ The Hotline – Should an employee have a problem, or feel the above principles are not being
                                             met, we encourage them to contact the Hotline to register their complaint(s). Those using the
                                             Hotline do not have to give their name, but if they choose to do so, it will be held in strict
                                             confidence. Hotline Investigators will respond to those using the Hotline. The Hotline is
                                             committed to investigating and resolving all concerns or complaints and must report the
                                             outcome to Magna’s Global Human Resources Department. We also maintain a confidential
                                             and anonymous whistle-blower hotline for employees and other stakeholders that is overseen
                                             by our Audit Committee. See Section 4.5 – “Corporate Ethics and Compliance” below for
                                             further details.
                                        We also maintain a Global Labour Standards Policy, which codifies our existing practices consistent
                                        with our Fair Enterprise culture. This Policy provides a framework for our commitment to fundamental
                                        human rights and international standards that help support positive labour relations. In particular,
                                        the Global Labour Standards Policy sets out key commitments with regard to:
                                           ◾ maintaining respectful work environments where our employees feel safe and welcome, with
                                             opportunities for personal and professional growth;
                                           ◾ promoting the importance of diversity, inclusion and respect for one another, regardless of
    personal differences;
  ◾ not tolerating harassment of any kind, including physical, sexual, psychological or verbal abuse;
  ◾ ensuring employees do not face discrimination in accordance with the protections afforded by applicable law, including discrimination
    based on race, nationality or social origin, colour, sex, religion, gender identity, disability or sexual orientation;
  ◾ condemning child labour;
  ◾ rejecting forced or compulsory labour;
  ◾ maintaining safe and healthy workplaces; and
  ◾ providing employees with appropriate rest and leisure time.

We publish a Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement setting out the steps Magna has taken to address the risk of slavery and human
trafficking in our operations and supply chain. The statement can be found in the “Financial Reports & Public Filings” section of our website,
at www.magna.com.
Our commitment to our employees continued to garner recognition, including:
  ◾ U.S.: Forbes – Best Employers



                                                                                                       Magna International Inc.         A-21
  ◾ Germany: Financial Times – Diversity Leader
  ◾ Canada: Universum – Most Attractive Employers
  ◾ China: 51job – Top 100 Excellence Employer of China


  4.2.2    Actions to Protect Employee Economic Well-Being in response to COVID-19
COVID-19 continued to disrupt production in 2021, through increased absenteeism and occasional temporary layoffs of employees. To
minimize the economic impact felt by our employees, we took a number of steps, including:
  ◾ maintaining employee benefits coverages through the temporary layoff period;
  ◾ providing additional flexibility regarding compensated days available to employees during periods of downtime through utilization of
    accrued vacation days, and other types of paid leave, where possible;
  ◾ temporarily modifying our existing disability and sick leave plans to help provide coverage during periods of required quarantine,
    isolation and contact tracing;
  ◾ providing free access to rapid COVID-19 testing; and
  ◾ providing regular communication to employees, including with respect to Company programs to support their physical and mental
    health needs.

  4.2.3    Collective Rights
We are committed to providing workplace environments that promote the dignified, ethical and respectful treatment of our employees, as
reflected in the standards contained in our Global Labour Standards Policy and our Code of Conduct and Ethics (“Code”).
Our Global Labour Standards Policy articulates our respect for employees’ right to associate freely and to choose for themselves whether
or not they wish to be represented by a third party in accordance with local laws. Employees at: four of our Canadian Divisions are covered
by collective agreements between Magna and Unifor; seven of our Divisions in the United States are represented by the International Union,
United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America (UAW); a number of our Divisions in China, India, Mexico and
the United Kingdom are currently covered by collective bargaining agreements with various unions in these jurisdictions; and employees in
a number of our Divisions across continental Europe are covered by national industry-wide tariff agreements relating to compensation and
employment conditions and are also members of in-house employee associations, works councils and/or trade unions.

  4.2.4    Fairness Committees and Employee Advocates
As a further example of our Employee’s Charter principle of Fair Treatment, we maintain Fairness Committees in many of our North American
and European manufacturing facilities, as well as at various manufacturing facilities in India and China. These Fairness Committees enable
employees to have many of their concerns resolved by a peer review committee comprised of both management and fellow employees.
Most of our North American manufacturing facilities also have an Employee Advocate who works with our employees and management to
help ensure that any concerns that arise in the workplace are addressed quickly and in accordance with our Employee’s Charter, Global
Labour Standards Policy and Operational Principles.

  4.2.5    Leadership Development / Talent Management
We have implemented, and continue to enhance, our Leadership Development System to help identify, train and develop future leaders with
the skills and expertise needed to manage a complex, global business. We have also based our talent management strategy on our current
business objectives and strategy and our understanding of the transformation taking place in the automotive industry. Given that an
effective workforce will increasingly be required to be lean and digitally adept, we are focused on building such a workforce through attraction
and recruitment, professional development, succession planning, promoting diversity and inclusion and preservation of our Fair Enterprise
culture.
2021 was a year marked by the seamless transition of Magna’s leadership from Donald J. Walker to Seetarama S. Kotagiri. During 2021,
Magna’s leadership development and succession planning processes were also drawn upon to facilitate other significant senior leadership
role successions, such as the promotion of Vincent J. Galifi from Chief Financial Officer to President, Patrick W.D. McCann from Senior
Vice-President, Finance to Chief Financial Officer, as well as Anton Mayer from Executive Vice-President, Research & Development to Chief
Technology Officer, all effective as of January 1, 2022.

4.3    Diversity and Inclusion in our Workplaces
Magna is committed to attracting, retaining and developing under-represented talent across the globe. In order to pursue this commitment,
Magna’s identified strategic pillars for Diversity and Inclusion (“D&I”) success are reviewed by our Executive Management with the Chairs of
our Diversity and Inclusion (DI) Council. Periodic updates are provided to the Board of Directors about how the company is progressing the
D&I strategy.
Our key D&I priorities are as follows:

A-22      Annual Information Form
  4.3.1   Creating an Inclusive Workplace
Our employees are critical stakeholders in our business. We believe the principle of Fair Treatment, outlined in our Employee’s Charter – one
which we reinforce through employee meetings, training and communications – has been a key element in fostering an inclusive workplace
at Magna. Any employee who feels that we are not living up to the principles of the Charter can seek redress through the Magna Hotline.
We seek to abide by all applicable labour and employment laws, including those prohibiting discrimination and harassment and those
providing for the reasonable accommodation of differences. We are committed to providing equal employment and career advancement
opportunities, without discrimination based on sex, race, ethnic background, religion, disability or any other personal characteristic protected
by law. This is addressed in our Code documentation and training, which all Magna employees must complete.

  4.3.2   Promoting Awareness
Our Executive Management continues to reinforce the importance of an inclusive and diverse organization. We continue to roll out facilitated
workshops to all leadership levels to better equip leaders with tools and resources to drive inclusive behaviour. We also initiated “listening
sessions” to understand racial barriers and issues faced by diverse employees. We promote and embed diversity through our talent
attraction and management processes. We have also implemented diversity and inclusion training for certain employees and have made
various D&I tools and resources available for all employees. To further advance our D&I progress, we have implemented three employee-led,
volunteer resource communities: Race & Ethnicity (EDGE); LGBQT+ and Allies (PRIDE); and the Women’s eXchange. These communities
support the execution of Magna’s D&I strategy, raise awareness and help foster a more inclusive environment. By the end of 2022, a fourth
employee resource community will be launched focusing on young professionals. The employee resource communities provide, among
other things, opportunities for mentoring and career development.

  4.3.3   Leveraging Strategic Partnerships
We continue to enhance our capabilities by working with diversity and inclusion thought leaders, associations and non-profit organizations
dedicated to the advancement of women, racial minorities and employees of diverse backgrounds; promotion of inclusive work cultures; as
well as strategies and actions to address the needs of a diverse workforce. These partnerships also help us to benchmark our activities and
progress, as well as provide insight into best practices and emerging topics for our D&I agenda. Recognizing the importance of improving
gender diversity within key technical career streams and to support the development of the next generation of the talent in science,
technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM), we have formed strategic partnerships with a number of organizations that promote
gender diversity in technical career streams. Our current strategic partnerships include: Build a Dream; Centre for Automotive Diversity,
Inclusion & Advancement (CADIA); Catalyst; Engineers Canada; FIRST Robotics – Girls in STEM; Gartner, Inc.; her Career; Institute of
Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE); Inforum; KnowledgeStart; Ontario Society of Professional Engineers; Society of Automotive
Engineers (SAE) International; The Art of Leadership for Women; The Knowledge Society; Women in Automotive; Women in Manufacturing;
and Women’s Executive Network (WXN). We also participate in various automotive advisory groups to ensure the focus on Diversity and
Inclusion in the industry remains strong.

  4.3.4   Gender Diversity
We are continuing to progress our agenda to increase the number of women in Magna. On a global basis, approximately 27% of the
employees in our wholly-owned operations are women. A total of approximately 4,300 employees in our wholly-owned operations occupy
critical roles with 705 of such employees, or 16%, being women. Both the percentage of women in our wholly-owned operations, and the
percentage of women in critical roles increased slightly from the previous year. Underrepresentation of women in our workforce is most
pronounced in IT, operations and product engineering career streams, which is a consistent trend throughout the automotive industry. We
recognize that there are improvements to be made and we are pursuing strategies to accelerate the progression of women, in director and
managerial level roles, and in our most critical operational and technical roles, where there is the greatest level of underrepresentation.
As part of our succession planning program we continue to identify high-potential, diverse talent candidates and implement accelerated
development plans to support their progression to advanced roles. During talent and succession discussions, there is an increased level of
focus on the number of women and diverse candidates nominated into each of our succession pools.
In addition, the Board as a whole continues to advocate for improved gender representation and other diversity in leadership and other
critical roles, as well as STEM career streams. In addition to their strong advocacy, the female directors of the Board, currently representing
38% of our Board of Directors, have also sought opportunities to mentor and share their experiences with the company’s high-performing
female employees. Recognizing the important example set by the Board with respect to its own composition, the Board has adopted a
Board Diversity Policy (located in the Board Charter) targeting gender parity by December 31, 2023, subject to a minimum of not less than
30% female director prior to that time. Consistent with the recommendations of the Canadian Coalition for Good Governance, gender parity
will be achieved if the balance between male and female directors ranges between 40% and 60% over a rolling three-year timeframe.




                                                                                                         Magna International Inc.         A-23
4.4    Occupational Health and Safety
  4.4.1    Actions to Protect Employee Health and Safety in Response to COVID-19
In response to COVID-19, we developed and implemented COVID-19 protocols, assessment tools and guidance documents to support our
objective of responsibly managing the health and safety of our employees. In 2020, we developed and implemented a “Smart Start
Playbook”, a guide which includes a streamlined set of checklists and practical recommendations based on guidelines from the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention, as well as the World Health Organization. Our medical and health and safety staff continue to comply with
applicable legal requirements and coordinate with public health authorities, as well as the medical directors of our OEM customers. Lessons
learned, insights gained and best practices developed continue to assist us in managing the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic, including
the emergence of newer and more highly transmissible variants. In 2021, the development and availability of vaccines and testing became
a key element of the Playbook, which included significant efforts to communicate with employees regarding the benefits of vaccination to
minimize transmission, facilitate a safe work environment, and protect employees and the communities in which they live. In many of our
operating jurisdictions, we established vaccination clinics, taking into account country specific requirements to provide employees and their
family members accessibility to vaccines.

  4.4.2    Health and Safety Standards and Compliance
Our commitment to providing a safe and healthful work environment is fulfilled through a regular program of health and safety audits and
inspections of our global facilities. These audits and inspections cover health, safety, industrial-hygiene, industrial ergonomics and
emergency preparedness policies and action plans. Audits are designed to address documentation requirements, while inspections assess
physical hazards. Audits and inspections are conducted on-site and followed with a report requiring the facility to develop an action plan to
address deficiencies or best practices. The action plans are reviewed quarterly by senior Operating Group management.
The compliance program incorporates international and regional standards, including: ISO 45001, Canadian Standards Association (CSA),
American National Standards Institute (ANSI), Conformité Européenne (CE), as well as country-specific standards. Audits and inspections
are conducted by specialists with knowledge of Magna’s standards and country-specific requirements. Legislative changes, accident
trends and changes to industry standards are incorporated into the program as part of the annual review of the program and updates of
audit requirements are conducted every three years. The key elements of the program are detailed below:


             Audits &                          Risk Assessment &                                  Oversight,
             Inspections                           Action Plan                          Performance Tracking & Reporting

                                        Each action item identiﬁed in an audit            Magna’s Health and Safety
                                        or inspection is assigned a risk score,           Department provides ongoing
                                        with the risk scores of all action items          assistance to Division personnel in
                                        combined to establish an overall                  resolving action plan items and also
                                        health and safety performance rating              reviewing action items that have
                                        for the Division                                  been submitted for closure from
                                                                                          Divisions
                                        The Division is provided a report
                                        containing recommendations which                  Audit/Inspection ﬁndings are also
                                        are prioritized based on the level of             communicated to our Operating
                                        risk identiﬁed in the risk assessment             Group management to enhance
                                        The Division is required to develop a             oversight and commitment to
                                        corrective action plan to address the             resolving action items
                                        identiﬁed risk                                    A performance review takes place
                                                                                          quarterly with Operating Group
                                                                                          management
                                                                                          An escalation process is in place to
                                                                                          deal with action items that are not
                                                                                          being resolved on a timely basis, with
                                                                                          additional health and safety risk
                                                                                          awareness training provided to the
                                                                                          relevant Division, where necessary

                                                                                          Magna’s Health and Safety
                                                                                          Department presents periodic health
                                                                                          and safety compliance updates to
                                                                                          the CGCNC

Our Health and Safety Department holds regular conferences with representatives of our Divisions to reinforce our commitment to providing
a safe and healthful work environment, as well as to share best practices with respect to occupational health and safety. An employee who
believes we have not fulfilled our promise to provide a safe and healthful working environment can seek redress through the Magna Hotline.

A-24      Annual Information Form
  4.4.3   Ergonomics Program
A key program for supporting employee well-being is our ergonomics program which aims to reduce the risk of musculoskeletal injuries.
Managed by each Division’s ergonomic committee and with the support and guidance of corporate ergonomists, the program regularly
evaluates Division performance against a set of established criteria.

4.5   Corporate Ethics and Compliance
  4.5.1   Code of Conduct and Ethics
We are committed to conducting business in a legal and ethical manner globally. Our Code, which applies equally to all of our directors,
executive officers and employees, articulates our compliance-oriented values and expectations. The principles of the Code have been and
continue to be reinforced by our Chief Executive Officer, Executive Management, Operating Group management and the Board.
The Code addresses standards of conduct in a number of specific areas, including:
  ◾ how to report suspected violations of the Code, and prohibiting retaliation against employees who report such violations in good faith.
  ◾ respect for human rights, diversity and inclusion;
  ◾ conducting business with integrity, fairness and respect;
  ◾ giving and receiving gifts and entertainment;
  ◾ complying with all laws and regulations, including anti-corruption/bribery and antitrust/competition laws;
  ◾ lobbying and political contributions;
  ◾ full, accurate and timely public disclosures, including financial reporting;
  ◾ prohibiting insider trading;
  ◾ environmental responsibility;
  ◾ occupational health and safety;
  ◾ managing conflicts of interest;
  ◾ careful communication, and protecting confidential and personal information; and
  ◾ compliance with related corporate policies.

The Code, which is disclosed on the corporate governance section of our website (www.magna.com) and posted on our employee intranet
in 26 different languages, is reviewed regularly with all amendments approved by the Board. We have also supplemented the requirements
of the Code through the adoption of policies covering specific topics, including: bribery and improper payments, tooling practices, gifts and
entertainment, anti-retaliation, careful communication, conflicts of interest, sanctions and trade embargoes, antitrust and competition, and
the conduct of internal ethics investigations (all of which are also available on our website (www.magna.com)).

  4.5.2   Ethics and Legal Compliance Program
                                            In order to help our employees understand the values, standards and principles underlying our
                                            Code, we have implemented an ethics and legal compliance (“ELC”) program overseen by the
                                            Audit Committee, which includes training of employees (both web-based training and live
                                            through an online classroom platform). We have also developed specialized compliance training
                                            modules which target specific functional audiences and high-risk regions. In addition to
                                            providing training on ELC topics generally, these specialized programs are designed to be
                                            interactive and incorporate real-life scenarios and exercises, which we believe amplify our
                                            compliance expectations and resonate more powerfully with participants.
The global implementation of the ELC program is supervised by the Magna Compliance Council (“Compliance Council”), a body that
includes key corporate officers representing our finance, legal, human resources, operations, internal audit, sales and marketing, IT and ELC
functions. The Compliance Council is tasked with, among other things, providing overall direction for our compliance program, approving
key initiatives and ensuring that the required elements of our compliance program are being carried out globally by our cross-functional
Operating Group Compliance Committees.
In March 2022, Magna was selected as a 2022 World’s Most Ethical Companies honoree by Ethisphere, a global leader in defining and
advancing standards of ethical business practice.




            35,500                                          100%                                         204,000
           employees completed                          of customer facing                               new employees have
          annual Code of Conduct                                                                         received compliance
                                                   employees completed antitrust
             e-learning in 2021                                                                         onboarding since 2015
                                                        training since 2015


                                                                                                       Magna International Inc.        A-25
  4.5.3    Magna Hotline
The Magna Hotline is a whistle-blower hotline. The Hotline is confidential and reporters can remain anonymous (except where local law
requires disclosure of a reporter’s identity), and is available for employees and other stakeholders such as customers and suppliers to make
submissions by phone or online at any time in 27 languages. Submissions are received and tracked by an independent third party service
provider. Non-HR submissions to the Magna Hotline are reviewed by our Internal Audit Department and, when appropriate, an investigation
is conducted in accordance with our Policy on Internal Ethics Investigations. Investigations are conducted by Magna’s Internal Audit
Department, Corporate Security team, In-House lawyers and/or external counsel (where applicable). We maintain an Investigations Oversight
Committee, a sub-committee of the Compliance Council, which meets quarterly (and on an ad hoc basis, as needed) to review such
investigations to ensure consistency of discipline and promote early awareness and oversight. The Audit Committee receives quarterly
presentations from the Vice-President, Internal Audit regarding Magna Hotline activity and details of ELC, fraud, financial reporting and other
non-HR-related reports.

4.6    Data and Cybersecurity/Privacy
  4.6.1    Enterprise Cybersecurity
Our enterprise cybersecurity strategy was developed by our Information Security, Risk and Compliance Department (“ISRC”) which ultimately
reports to our EVP and Chief Digital and Information Officer. The strategy has been designed using guiding principles from our Code as well
as enterprise risk considerations and aligns with industry standards including the National Institute of Standards and Technology, relevant
ISO standards, and applicable customer requirements. Our Board has risk oversight responsibility for Magna’s enterprise IT/information
security systems and cybersecurity program and receives reports regarding the program at periodic meetings.
Our cybersecurity initiatives are based on five key considerations:
  ◾ Identify – develop an organizational understanding of cybersecurity risk to systems, people, assets, data, and capabilities;
  ◾ Protect – develop and implement appropriate safeguards to ensure against cybersecurity risk and continue to deliver critical services;
  ◾ Detect – internal and external 24 × 7 monitoring of all information traffic for cyber-attacks, including ransomware and other malware;
  ◾ Respond – our Security Operations Centre has appropriate incident response plans/processes and the necessary resources and
    expertise to respond to detected threats; and
  ◾ Recover – our Security Operations Centre works with IT operations to recover as quickly as possible by rebuilding affected systems
    and restoring data back-ups.
We are committed to working with our customers and other stakeholders to ensure that appropriate cybersecurity standards and
requirements are continually monitored and implemented as required. In addition, we ensure that we comply with all governmental rules and
regulations regarding cybersecurity or privacy regulations (such as GDPR as defined and detailed below), which directly affect cybersecurity
requirements. Our selection process for third party (e.g. Cloud-based) services includes a due diligence approach that ensures that such
services are evaluated using industry standard security assurance approaches to assess and address the risks associated with third party
technology services and aligns with our overall approach to cybersecurity.
We regularly evaluate and adjust our information security management strategy based on a variety of considerations including risk
assessments, continuous monitoring and periodic independent cybersecurity maturity evaluations. This enables the ISRC to identify and
prioritize responses to residual risk arising from changes to our business or the ever-changing threat landscape. Magna has developed and
implemented centralized enterprise cybersecurity policies, compliance measures, as well as training and awareness programs designed to
ensure that our cybersecurity strategy is executed to minimize our exposure.
Governance of cybersecurity over our shared global telecommunications and computer infrastructure is centralized under the ISRC. The
ISRC facilitates identification of our risk exposures and mandates the implementation of appropriate security controls. We have processes
in place to ensure that our IT systems receive appropriate upgrades, including patching and other protective measures, in a timely manner.

  4.6.2    Product-Embedded and Solution Software Cybersecurity
In addition to the above centralized initiatives, our decentralized operating model assigns cybersecurity accountability to our Operating
Groups with respect to risk/security issues inherent in products. However, the ISRC provides various standards-based approaches to assist
our Operating Groups in assessing their respective product cybersecurity risk and maturity. From this assessment, our Divisions and
Operating Groups are then able to determine appropriate cyber solutions that may be required. Our Technology Committee supports the
Board through the committee’s risk oversight responsibility for Magna’s product-embedded or solution software cybersecurity.

  4.6.3    Privacy
Magna is committed to preserving the privacy of our stakeholders in accordance with applicable laws. Our Code articulates our approach
to the privacy of our employees and protection of their personal information. We only collect, use and disclose personal information for
legitimate business or employment purposes, as required by law, or with an individual’s consent. In addition, like any other asset, confidential
information which includes trade secrets and proprietary information is a valuable part of our business and we aim to safeguard it.

A-26      Annual Information Form
Magna has established a data privacy organization and program in our divisions in the European Union, as well as Brazil, Thailand and
China. The program includes the issuance of policies and procedures, employee training, gap assessments and the implementation of a
data privacy management system.
In addition to our general privacy and confidentiality commitments, our Global Data Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) has been established.
The Privacy Policy is designed to guide our compliance with, among others, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), China’s
Personal Information Protection Law (“PIPL”), the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”) and Thailand’s Personal Data Protection
Act (“PDPA”).
The Privacy Policy sets out general data protection principles, responsibilities of data controllers and processors, circumstances under
which personal data can be transferred, rights of data subjects and actions that must be taken in case of data breach, as well as addressing
data retention periods. The Privacy Policy is accompanied by a variety of formal and comprehensive procedures, developed and overseen
by our Compliance Council.
A training program has been implemented to address general data privacy awareness for all employees and provide more specific rules for
those employees who are handling personal data as part of their daily work. Finally, those employees across our organization responsible
for handling privacy requests by data subjects or for addressing data breaches have been provided with the tailored training and resources
to carry out such responsibilities.
Furthermore, Magna continues to monitor legislative and regulatory developments in the fast-changing data privacy landscape in other
regions with Magna operations.

4.7    Supply Chain Responsibility
  4.7.1     Supplier Code of Conduct
We have introduced a Supplier Code of Conduct and Ethics (“Supplier Code”) which outlines the principles we apply internally at Magna
through our Code, as well as expectations we have for every company that supplies goods or services to Magna, relating to, among other
things:
   ◾ ethical business conduct, such as compliance with antitrust/competition, anti-corruption/bribery and export controls laws; conflict
     minerals reporting; avoidance and reporting of conflicts of interest; and protection of Magna intellectual property and confidential
     information;
   ◾ employee rights, including those rights set out in our Employee’s Charter, Global Working Conditions and Global Labour Standards
     Policy; and
   ◾ environmental responsibility and compliance.

The Supplier Code forms an integral part of our overall contractual relationship with our suppliers. We expect the standards set out in the
Supplier Code to be met by our suppliers, even in jurisdictions where meeting such standards may not be considered part of the usual
business culture and a failure to do so can result in the termination by Magna of the supply relationship. The full text of our Supplier Code is
available on our website (www.magna.com).
We continue to support and participate in industry efforts to develop common standards relating to business ethics, environmental
standards, working conditions and employee rights. We will continue to engage with our suppliers to raise awareness of the importance of
sustainability in our supply chain.

  4.7.2     Global Working Conditions in our Supply Chain
We expect that our supply chain will adhere to our Global Working Conditions and our Supplier Code, which prohibit the use of child,
underage, slave or forced labour. Our Global Working Conditions are an integral part of our supplier package that emphasize the importance
of maintaining global working conditions and standards that result in dignified and respectful treatment of all employees within all our global
operating locations, as well as those of our supply chain. A failure by any of our suppliers to comply with its terms can result in the
termination by Magna of the supply relationship.

  4.7.3     Supply Chain Management
      4.7.3.1   General
Magna’s supply chain management group focuses on a number of elements that we believe are integral to world class supply chain
management, such as: standardized supplier quality and delivery performance ratings; specific roles and responsibilities; processes and
standards; global training; and risk management. The supplier quality and delivery performance ratings have been established to help
optimize business award decisions. We use cross-functional sourcing teams to help ensure compliance with our internal standards when
we place new business within our supply base. In order to promote awareness of the key elements of our supply chain risk management
program, including the requirements in our Supplier Code, we provide a global training program on an ongoing basis to internal purchasing
employees.

                                                                                                         Magna International Inc.         A-27
We continue to increase digitization of our supply chain management, including focusing on spend analytics and online transportation risk
tracking, as well as electronic tagging and tracing of certain assets.
As part of our strategy to improve sustainability performance across our supply chain, we intend to introduce an ESG component into our
program award criteria. We are in the process of evaluating the relevant key performance indicators (KPIs) that will form part of the ratings,
but expect that such KPIs will, at a minimum, include a suppliers CDP and SAQ (discussed below) scores, as well as selected HSE
certificates.

    4.7.3.2 Enhancing Transparency into Our Supply Chain
In order to enhance transparency into our supply chain, we have introduced two key supplier engagement initiatives with respect to our
supply chain:
   ◾ We participate in the CDP Supply Chain Program for Climate Change, engaging key suppliers to report on their energy usage and
     emissions – a critical step in better understanding our Scope 3 emissions with a view to establishing Science-based Scope 3 emissions
     targets; and
   ◾ We have recently engaged, for the first time on a global basis, key suppliers to respond to self-assessment questionnaires through
     NQC, a third party supply chain management organization who will be responsible for data collection and analysis via their
     SupplierAssurance platform. The self-assessment questionnaires (currently SAQ 4.0) which is a standard automotive industry
     sustainability questionnaire developed by global OEMs. The SAQ 4.0, which Magna completes for requesting OEM customers annually,
     requires information, including documentation, relating to several topics, including, among other things: sustainability management;
     working conditions and human rights; health and safety; business ethics; environmental compliance; supplier management; and
     responsible sourcing of raw materials.
We are also monitoring emerging supply chain regulation, including the German Supply Chain Due Diligence
(Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz (LkSG)) (the “German Act”) which is set to come into force January 1, 2023, and which imposes a duty
on companies to make reasonable due diligence efforts to determine if there are violations of human rights or violations of environmental
obligations in their own business operations or in the their supply chain. We have established a cross-functional working group that includes
representatives from our compliance, legal and purchasing functions and meets regularly to analyze and provide guidance on the coming
requirements of the German Act. The working group has established a project plan for compliance with the German Act based on a
completed gap-analysis of Magna’s relevant processes and policies. The working group reports its activities and progress to a Steering
Committee comprised of members of Magna senior leadership led by Magna’s Global Vice President, Procurement.
In addition, Magna is monitoring developments related to the publication, in February 2022, of a draft E.U. Corporate Sustainability Due
Diligence regulation that, like the German Act, would mandate supply chain due diligence relating to human rights and environmental
matters.
    4.7.3.3   Supplier Reviews
We review production suppliers in order to assess their overall quality, performance and financial health. We use a scorecard to provide
ongoing monitoring and assessment of suppliers, which tracks (among other things) whether suppliers have certain industry-recognized
environmental and health and safety certifications, such as ISO 14001 and ISO 18001. No suppliers were terminated in 2021 as a result of
a violation of working conditions or human rights.
    4.7.3.4   Phytosanitation Program
We maintain a phytosanitation program aimed at preventing the introduction and spread of plant diseases (i.e., pests and mold) through the
cross-border import/export process. Our phytosanitation policy which applies to suppliers and shippers aligns with the International Plant
Protection Convention (IPPC) standard for treatment of wood packaging material (e.g., wooden pallets), and includes the requirements of
ISPM-15 (International Standards for Phytosanitary Measures). Our phytosanitation program includes training sessions for internal employees
and suppliers, as well as reviews aimed at confirming compliance with our policy.
    4.7.3.5   Supplier Diversity
To support the supplier diversity efforts which form part of our supply chain management program, we participate as a corporate member
of several industry-recognized suppler diversity organizations, including the National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC),
Michigan Minority Supplier Development Council (MMSDC), Great Lakes Women’s Business Council (GL-WBC), the Canadian Aboriginal
and Minority Supplier Council (CAMSC), National Veteran Business Development Council (NVBDC), Women’s Business Enterprise National
Council (WBENC), Women Business Enterprises Canada Council (WBE Canada), the National LGBT Chamber of Commerce (NGLCC),
Disability: IN, and WEConnect International. In addition, we are supporters of the Michigan Hispanic Chamber of Commerce (MHCC), the
Asian Pacific American Chamber of Commerce (APACC), the Detroit LGBT Chamber of Commerce, and The National Business League. We
are also involved with a number of supplier diversity advocacy events, conferences, and procurement fairs, including many organized by our
OEM customers, such as GM Supplier Connections, Stellantis MatchMaker, BMW Supplier Diversity Conference, Toyota Opportunity
Exchange and Honda Network Partnership. We are proud to have received several customer awards for our supplier diversity efforts from
GM and also received a diversty award from supplier diversity leader – WBE Canada.

A-28      Annual Information Form
      4.7.3.6   Conflict Minerals Reporting
Consistent with the approach taken by our customers, suppliers and other fellow members of the Automotive Industry Action Group with
respect to “conflict minerals”, we are engaged in an annual process of determining whether any products which we make or buy contain
such “conflict minerals”. Our latest conflict minerals report is available on our website www.magna.com and on the SEC’s EDGAR website
(www.sec.gov/edgar). We continue to engage with our suppliers to increase awareness, and accuracy, of “conflict minerals” reporting
requirements and, through our membership in the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), support continuing cross-industry efforts to identify
and validate conflict-free smelters and refiners. We also report to requesting OEM customers with respect to Cobalt and Mica.

4.8    Contributing to Communities in Which we Operate
  4.8.1     Commitment to Communities and Society
Magna recognizes the importance of giving back to society. We have a long history of supporting many global social and charitable causes,
primarily in the communities around the world in which our employees live and work. While much of our corporate giving is to general
philanthropic causes, we have identified seven United Nations Sustainable Development Goals that most directly relate to our business.
Examples of Magna’s activities and accomplishments with respect to each relevant Development Goal is as follows:

                                ◾   Since 2017, more than $1M has been raised through employee donations and Magna’s matching
                                    program through annual participation in the World Vision Global 6K for Water, which aims to bring
                                    life-changing clean water to communities in need. In October 2021, The Suppliers Partnership for the
                                    Environment (SP) – an association of global automakers and their suppliers working together to advance
                                    environmental sustainability through the automotive supply chain – awarded Magna SP’s Community
                                    Impact Award for our support of the Global 6K for Water challenge
   Ensure healthy lives
    and promote well-           ◾   During 2020, Magna and its employees around the world mobilized to fight against COVID-19. Many
  being for all at all ages         manufacturing sites quickly pivoted to produce much-needed PPE, such as face masks, face shields
                                    and medical gowns. Others contributed parts for ventilator carts and one plant in China fulfilled an
                                    emergency request to build 1,700 ambulance transmissions in just eight days. In all, nearly half a million
                                    items of PPE were produced and distributed by Magna to governments, medical facilities and
                                    communities impacted by COVID-19
                                ◾   Magna’s corporate wellness initiatives help support the ongoing physical and mental health of employees
                                    globally
                                ◾   Magna has contributed over $25M toward medical infrastructure and over $1M to the Red Cross and
                                    other organizations to aid with global disaster relief efforts. Magna’s Employee Disaster Relief Fund
                                    provides financial assistance to eligible employees and their families in the event they are victims of a
                                    disaster. In 2021, the program helped 18 employees in Canada, China, Czech Republic, Mexico, Russia,
                                    and the United States
                                ◾   Magna locations around the globe organize food drives and fundraisers to support local foodbanks and
                                    to address food security
                                ◾   Magna sponsors and actively participates in FIRST Robotics globally to encourage students to consider
                                    careers in science, technology and engineering. FIRST organizes mentor based programs that help
                                    participants build science, engineering and technology skills while also fostering self confidence,
                                    communication skills and leadership.
                                ◾   Magna embraces a culture of learning, including a pilot program that pays for employees to pursue
   Ensure inclusive and             job-related certificate programs and university degrees.
     equitable quality          ◾   Employees can access Magna-sponsored scholarships for their children to pursue university degrees
      education and             ◾   We have partnerships in several countries with universities and technical institutions to develop a talent
     promote lifelong               pipeline and help promote skilled trades development
  learning opportunities
                                ◾   Magna sponsors several regional and international skills competitions through WorldSkills to enhance
          for all
                                    technical trades development and growth opportunities for students
                                ◾   Magna’s Women’s eXchange Employee Resource Community strives to empower, develop and
                                    recognize its female employees and encourage students to pursue STEM careers
                                ◾   Magna’s Board has adopted a Board Diversity Policy targeting gender parity by December 31, 2023,
                                    subject to a minimum of not less than 30% female directors prior to that time.
                                ◾   Since 2016, Magna has invested more than $1.5 billion with women-owned businesses as part of its
     Achieve gender                 overall supplier diversity program
  equality and empower          ◾   Magna celebrates and honors the many contributions of women around the world, including annually
   all women and girls              celebrating International Women’s Day through live global events for employees to connect with and
                                    honor outstanding women in the company.


                                                                                                            Magna International Inc.         A-29
                             ◾   Magna completed hundreds of energy/sustainability projects in 2021, resulting in significant and ongoing
                                 energy, emission, and costs savings throughout its global operations. Some examples of sustainable
                                 projects in our company are:
                                 ◾   Magna’s paint plant in Hoce-Slivnica, Slovenia, uses solar panels on the roof and environmentally
                                     friendly transport trucks
       Build resilient           ◾   Magna Steyr’s full vehicle manufacturing facility in Graz, Austria uses geothermal heating and cooling
 infrastructure, promote             that uses groundwater to provide heating in the winter and cooling in the summer
       inclusive and             ◾   Approximately 1.3 million gallons of rainwater are recycled and used at Magna’s Powertrain office in
        sustainable                  Untergruppenbach, Germany to run restroom facilities and to maintain as a reserve in the event of a
   industrialization and             fire
     foster innovation
                             ◾   Magna’s race and ethnicity-focused employee resource community supports employee-led learning
                                 opportunities to foster open dialogue and understanding
                             ◾   Unconscious bias training is required for all managers and available to any Magna employee
                             ◾   Magna partners with various United Way agencies in North America to support a broad number of
                                 organizations that are delivering community-based solutions to address poverty and inequalities
     Reduce inequality       ◾   Magna has partnered with other industry leaders to support a variety of poverty-reduction efforts in the
     within and among            Greater Detroit Area, including support for Pope Francis Center, an organization that provides vital
          countries              services to the city’s homeless population
                             ◾   We have implemented a zero waste to landfill target, with the aim of eliminating landfill bound waste by
                                 2022. More than 88% of total waste outputs from operations in 2021 were recycled or diverted from
                                 landfills, rising to over 91% if energy recovery is included
                             ◾   In 2021, about 14% of our global electricity buy was from renewable electricity sources (8% of our global
                                 energy purchase was renewable)
   Ensure sustainable        ◾   Magna’s complete vehicle manufacturing facility in Graz, Austria will achieve carbon neutrality in 2022,
    consumption and              and has already reduced CO2 emissions by 12,000 tons since 2013
   production patterns       ◾   Magna is pursuing several packaging and logistics initiatives and aligning with industry partners to limit
                                 the overall use of materials and to increase transportation efficiency across the supply chain
                             ◾   Magna is committed to carbon neutrality (Scope 1 and Scope 2) by 2025 in its European operations and
                                 by 2030 in its global operations
                             ◾   Magna has committed to setting Science-based Targets by 2023, further reinforcing its commitment to
                                 achieving carbon neutrality by 2030
                             ◾   Nine of our divisions have already achieved carbon neutrality
  Take urgent action to      ◾   In addition to pursuing energy reduction efforts and purchasing green energy, Magna is investing in clean
    combat climate               carbon offset programs to counterbalance Scope 1 emissions that cannot be mitigated in its operations.
     change and its
                             ◾   Magna invested in a geothermal power plant in Turkey in order to offset 6,862 metric tons of CO2
        impacts
                                 emissions and the plant will generate about 51 GWh of clean energy and avoid 32,000 tons of CO2 per
                                 year
                             ◾   Magna is a financial sponsor of the Technical Office of the newly-formed International Sustainability
                                 Standards Board (ISSB) that will establish a comprehensive global baseline of climate change-related
                                 disclosure standards.



5.      Su st ain a b i l i ty M etr i cs
In this Sustainability Report we report according to the SASB framework. SASB establishes and maintains industry-specific standards that
assist companies in disclosing sustainability information to investors. SASB metrics indicated below are identified by the relevant SASB
Auto Parts Sustainability Accounting Standard code. We caution readers that our processes to collect and validate the energy, emissions
and water data shown below are not as mature as those related to financial data, but we are committed to enhancing both the data
collection/validation processes and thus the quality of the data, in the coming years.
Readers are cautioned that COVID-19 significantly impacted our operations during 2020, including temporary suspension of production at
our manufacturing facilities at different times during 2020 and implementation of work-from-home arrangements for employees globally. As
a result, many of the 2020 metrics that follow are not reflective of a typical operational year for Magna and the extent of any improvement in
such metrics from prior years is not necessarily indicative of expected performance in such metrics in future years.



A-30      Annual Information Form
5.1      Energy Management and Emissions
   5.1.1     Energy
Energy management data is set out below.

  SASB Accounting Metric (TR-AP-130a.1)                                                                      2021(1)                     2020(2)                 2019
  Aggregate amount of energy consumed by Magna                                                        19,493,920 GJ                   18,169,048 GJ          23,020,389 GJ
                                                                                                      5,414,978 MWh                   5,045,958 MWh          6,394,553 MWh
  Percentage of energy consumed by Magna that was supplied from grid
  electricity                                                                                                 58%                         59%                    55%
                                                                                                                   (4)                          (4)
  Percentage of energy consumed by Magna that is renewable energy                                           8.2%                         7.1%                    NT(3)
Notes:
(1) Preliminary data.
(2) Data for 2020 may not be indicative of current energy levels due to COVID-19-related production shutdowns impacting our facilities in 2020.
(3) Not tracked prior to 2020.
(4) The percentage of renewable electricity purchased in 2021 was 14% (11.9% in 2020).

Energy intensity relative to Sales is as follows:

                                                                                                           2021                          2020                    2019
  Energy Intensity (MWh/Sales (USDm))                                                              149 MWh/USDm                 155 MWh/USDm                 162 MWh/USDm

In connection with our efforts to promote energy efficiency, each of our Operating Groups developed interim 2021 energy intensity reduction
targets. On an consolidated basis, such targets amounted to approximately 2% of our energy intensity (MWh/Sales) per year. In 2021, we
lowered our energy intensity by 6 MWh/USDm compared to 2020, a 4% reduction, despite increased levels of production from the prior
year that had been heavily impacted by COVID-19 related shutdowns.

   5.1.2     Emissions
Energy consumed can be converted to CO2 emissions based on regional conversion factors. In order to help us and our stakeholders better
assess trends related to the emissions we generate, we track emissions “intensity” on the basis of total sales, employee headcount and
aggregate square footage of our facilities and offices. These intensity metrics assist us in determining whether we are becoming more
efficient by normalizing emissions on a per dollar of sales, per employee and per square footage basis. The raw data for Scope 1 & 2
emissions, together with intensity metrics are set out below.

                                                                                                                  2021                      2020(2)                2019
                                                                                                                                (1)
  Scope 1 & 2 emissions (metric tons)                                                                          1,613,922                  1,620,090              2,126,678
  Sales (USD, millions)                                                                                            36,242                       32,647             39,431
  Sales Intensity (CO2 metric tons/$ Sales)                                                                   0.0000445                   0.0000496             0.0000539
  Employees                                                                                                       158,000                   158,000               165,000
  Employee Intensity (metric tons/employee)                                                                          10.21                       10.25               12.89
  Square Footage (million sq. ft)                                                                                        83.5                         83.8               86.6
  Square Footage Intensity (metric tons/sq. ft.)                                                                   0.0193                       0.0193             0.0246
Notes:
(1) Preliminary data.
(2) Data for 2020 may not be indicative of current emissions levels due to COVID 19 related production shutdowns impacting our facilities in 2020.


5.2      Water and Waste Management
   5.2.1     Water

  Description                                                                                                 2021(1)                     2020(2)                2019
  Water withdrawals (ML)                                                                                      6,922                       6,351                  7,621
Notes:
(1) Preliminary data.
(2) Data for 2020 may not be indicative of current water usage levels due to COVID-19-related production shutdowns impacting our facilities in 2020.

We have implemented a 1.5% per year water reduction target, with the aim of reducing water use 15% by 2030, in each case referencing
2019 as the baseline year.

                                                                                                                                      Magna International Inc.            A-31
   5.2.2     Waste Management
Waste reduction and scrap elimination are important considerations in our manufacturing activities, including as part of our efforts to achieve
World Class Manufacturing objectives in our facilities globally. We have implemented a zero waste to landfill target, with the aim of eliminating
landfill-bound waste by 2022.
Waste data is set out below:

  SASB Accounting Metric (TR-AP-150a.1)                                                                                2021(1)                                2020(2)
  Aggregate amount of waste generated from manufacturing by Magna                                                   1,144,018 t                             965,677 t
  Percentage of waste generated by Magna that is hazardous                                                             7.0%(3)                               4.9%(3)
  Percentage of waste generated by Magna that was recycled                                                            88.4%(4)                              91.5%(4)
Notes:
(1) Preliminary data.
(2) Data for 2020 may not be indicative of current waste generation levels due to COVID-19-related production shutdowns impacting our facilities in 2020.
(3) Approximately 91% of such hazardous waste was diverted from secure landfills through recycling, reuse, or energy recovery initiatives in 2021 (84% in 2020).
(4) For 2021, this figure would be 91.2% if energy recovery was also included as a category of recycled waste (94.8% in 2020).


5.3      Environmental Remediation
The aggregate costs incurred in complying with environmental laws and regulations, including the costs of clean-up and remediation, have
not had a material adverse effect on Magna to date and are set out below.

  Description                                                                                                                            2021          2020         2019
  Annual remediation expenses                                                                                                          <$1.0m        <$1.0m        <$1.0m
  Aggregate remediation balance for known events                                                                                        $14.1        $10.8m        $13.4m

5.4      Product Safety
Magna is at risk for product warranty, product liability and recall costs, and is currently experiencing increased customer pressure to assume
greater warranty responsibility. Certain customers seek to impose partial responsibility for warranty costs where the underlying root cause
of a product or system failure cannot be determined. For most types of products, we only account for existing or probable product warranty
claims. However, for certain complete vehicle assembly, powertrain systems and electronics contracts, Magna also records an estimate of
future warranty-related costs based on the terms of the specific customer agreements and/or Magna’s warranty experience. Product liability
and recall provisions are established based on Magna’s best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle existing claims, which typically
take into account: the number of units that may be returned; the cost of the product being replaced; labour to remove and replace the
defective part; and the customer’s administrative costs relating to the recall. Where applicable, such provisions are booked net of recoveries
from sub-suppliers and along with related insurance recoveries. Due to the uncertain nature of the net costs, actual product liability costs
could be materially different from our best estimates of future costs. In 2021, our warranty accrual decreased by $37 million compared to
2020. See Note 14 of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, which have been filed on SEDAR and
are on Magna’s website (www.magna.com).

5.5      Fuel Efficiency
Our product strategy, which is discussed in “Section 4 – Our Business & Strategy – Our Corporate Strategy” of this AIF, includes as a core
element the supply of product solutions which support our customers’ objectives of increased fuel efficiency and reduced vehicle CO2
emissions. We do not currently track total revenue from products designed to increase fuel efficiency and/or reduce emissions.

5.6      Materials Sourcing
The SASB Auto Parts Standard identifies critical materials as defined by the U.S. National Research Council (NRC) of which cobalt,
magnesium, tantalum and tungsten are most relevant to our products. We do not purchase such materials in their raw form, however, they
may be present in components and sub-assemblies that we purchase. Our key purchased raw materials are steel, resin and aluminum, and
our key purchased components include: stampings, electronics, chips, molded parts, die casting, forging, coverstock, and wire harnesses.
See the discussion in “Section 6 – Description of the Business – Manufacturing & Engineering – Key Commodities and Raw Materials” of our AIF.
We address strategic risks regarding critical materials with more limited supply and key commodities/raw materials in a number of ways,
including: diversification of suppliers; carrying excess inventory, where appropriate; and, designing and engineering our products to minimize
the use of scarce/limited materials, where not constrained by customer specifications. The current shortage of semiconductors is discussed
in greater detail in “Section 4 – Our Business & Strategy – Macroeconomic, Political and Other Trends” and “Section 5 – Risk Factors” of our
AIF.

A-32         Annual Information Form
With respect to reputational risk related to critical materials, we maintain a conflict minerals program, including an annual process of
determining whether any of our products contain conflict minerals, and through our membership in the responsible mineral initiative (RMI)
supporting continuing cross-industry efforts to identify conflict-free smelters and refiners. We also report to requesting OEM customers with
respect to Cobalt and Mica.

5.7      Competitive Behaviour
Magna’s policy is to comply with all applicable laws, including antitrust and competition laws. Our Corporate Ethics and Compliance
Program is described in Section 4.5 − “Corporate Ethics and Compliance” of this Sustainability Report.
We previously completed a global review focused on antitrust risk and do not currently anticipate any material liabilities in connection with
the review. See “Section 10 – Legal Proceedings” of this AIF with respect to our anti-trust investigation being conducted by the Brazilian
Federal Competition Authority.

  SASB Accounting Metric (TR-AP-520a.1)                                                                                   2021                2020                2019
  Total amount of monetary losses incurred as a result of legal proceedings associated
  with anti-competitive behaviour regulations                                                                              NIL                 NIL                 NIL

5.8      Health & Safety
We are committed to providing a safe and healthful workplace for our employees. This commitment is fulfilled through a regular program of
health and safety audits and inspections of our global facilities. In connection with our health and safety program we track the frequency and
severity of workplace accidents and conduct post-accident reviews to develop action plans to reduce/eliminate similar accidents in the
future.

  Description                                                                                                             2021               2020(4)              2019
                                   (1)(3)
  Accident Frequency Rate                                                                                                 0.49                0.42                1.04
  Accident Severity Rate(2)(3)                                                                                           12.80                5.11               12.35
Notes:
(1) Frequency 1.0 translates to 1 injury or illness per 100 employees working 40 hours/week, 50 weeks/year.
(2) Severity 10.0 translates to 10 lost work days per 100 employees working 40 hours/week, 50 weeks/year.
(3) Global production facilities and certain engineering locations.
(4) Data for 2020 may not be indicative of current accident frequency and severity rates due to COVID-19-related production shutdowns impacting our facilities in 2020.

The occurrence of injuries and fatalities is a matter of significant concern for both management and the Board. The CGCNC reviews the
circumstances related to significant injuries and all fatalities of employees or third parties on Magna properties and reports same to the
Board. Unfortunately, one member of the Magna family lost his life in an industrial accident at one of our Ontario facilities in 2021. There was
one employee fatality at a Magna facility in 2020, and no employee fatalities at a Magna facility in 2019.

5.9      Diversity
Diversity within our employee population is important to us and we strive to create an inclusive work environment throughout our company.
As part of our efforts to promote an inclusive workplace, we track metrics relating to gender diversity in our workforce.

  Description                                                                                                                                 2021                2020
  Percentage of global employees who are women (wholly-owned operations)                                                                       27%                 26%
                                                                                                                                                       (1)
  Women in critical roles                                                                                                                      16%                 15%
  Women on the Board of Magna                                                                                                                  42%(2)              36%
Notes:
(1) 705 women in critical roles out of 4300 such roles.
(2) As of May 3, 2022, the percentage of women on the Board will be 36%, assuming election of all nominees for Magna’s annual and special meeting of shareholders.


5.10      Reporting
In addition to this Sustainability Report, we participate in CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project), a not-for-profit project designed to
provide investors with information relating to corporate GHG emissions, water use and perceived corporate risk due to climate change. Our
current CDP submission is available on our website at www.magna.com. We also file a conflict minerals report, available on www.sec.gov/
edgar, in accordance with SEC requirements, and publish a slavery and human trafficking statement on our website, at www.magna.com.
Magna also provides sustainability reporting directly to our customers. These assessments are supplier requirements and typically follow
common reporting templates approved by automotive industry associations in North America (Automotive Industry Action Group) and
Europe (CSR Europe/Drive Sustainability).

                                                                                                                                 Magna International Inc.                 A-33
We also continue to monitor the acceleration of climate/sustainability reporting initiatives by regulators and standard setters, including:
 ◾ the European Union’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD);
 ◾ the International Sustainability Board (ISSB) publication of a climate-related disclosures prototype; and
 ◾ initiatives by securities law regulators to mandate climate disclosure, including a recent proposal from Canadian securities regulators,
    and proposed rule changes from the U.S. SEC.




A-34     Annual Information Form
Magna International Inc.
337 Magna Drive
Aurora, Ontario
Canada L4G 7K1
Telephone: (905) 726-2462
EX-3 5 d256677dex3.htm EX-3
                                                                                                         Exhibit 3

                                          LOGO

                                                                                         Magna International Inc.
                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Position
                                                                                               December 31, 2021
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Position

Unless otherwise noted, all amounts in this Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Position [“MD&A”] are in
U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts are in millions of U.S. dollars, except per share figures, which are in U.S. dollars. When we use the terms “we”,
“us”, “our” or “Magna”, we are referring to Magna International Inc. and its subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities, unless the context otherwise
requires.

This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2021
included in our 2021 Annual Report to Shareholders.

This MD&A may contain statements that are forward looking. Refer to the “Forward-Looking Statements” section in this MD&A for a more detailed
discussion of our use of forward-looking statements.

This MD&A has been prepared as at March 3, 2022.


USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
In addition to results presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America [“U.S. GAAP”], this report
includes the use of Adjusted earnings (loss) before interest and taxes [“Adjusted EBIT”], Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales, Adjusted diluted
earnings per share, Return on Invested Capital, Adjusted Return on Invested Capital and Return on Equity [collectively, the “Non-GAAP Measures”].
We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide additional information that is useful to investors in understanding our underlying performance
and trends through the same financial measures employed by our management. Readers should be aware that Non-GAAP Measures have no
standardized meaning under U.S. GAAP and accordingly may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures by other companies. We believe
that Return on Invested Capital and Return on Equity are useful to both management and investors in their analysis of our results of operations and
reflect our ability to generate returns. Similarly, we believe that Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales, Adjusted diluted earnings per
share and Adjusted Return on Invested Capital provide useful information to our investors for measuring our operational performance as they exclude
certain items that are not reflective of ongoing operating profit and facilitate a comparison with prior periods. The presentation of any Non-GAAP
Measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our related financial results prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Non-GAAP
financial measures are presented together with the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, and a reconciliation to the most directly
comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, can be found in the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation” section of this MD&A.


HIGHLIGHTS
PRODUCTION
•     Throughout 2021, the automotive industry experienced supply constraints, in particular semiconductor chip shortages, which negatively impacted
      global light vehicle production. Largely due to the supply constraints, our customers’ production schedules were at times unpredictable, causing
      labour and other operational inefficiencies at our facilities. Our results in 2021 were also negatively impacted by inflationary cost increases in
      production inputs including commodities, labour and freight.
•     During 2020, COVID-19 had a significant impact on the automotive industry and our business, largely as a result of the unprecedented, industry-
      wide production suspensions in the first half of 2020.


SALES & EARNINGS
•     Global light vehicle production increased 4% in 2021, including an increase of 1% in North America and a decrease of 3% in Europe, our two
      largest markets. In addition, light vehicle production increased 5% in China.
•     Total sales increased 11% to $36.2 billion, compared to $32.6 billion in 2020, primarily reflecting the launch of new programs, the net
      strengthening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, net business combinations, higher global light vehicle production and higher assembly
      volumes.
•     Diluted earnings per share were $5.00 in 2021, compared to $2.52 in 2020. The increase in earnings was primarily due to higher contribution on
      higher sales, partially offset by the factors discussed below under “Results of Operations – Earnings Per Share”.
•     We recorded $101 million in restructuring and impairment charges in 2021. These and other factors included in Other expense, net in 2021 are
      discussed under “Results of Operations – Other Expense, Net”.
•     Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $5.13, compared to $3.95 in 2020.
CASH & CAPITAL
•   Cash from operating activities was $2.9 billion, compared to $3.3 billion in 2020, largely reflecting an investment in operating assets and
    liabilities in 2021 compared to generation of cash from operating assets and liabilities in 2020. Our increase in net income was partially offset by
    lower items not involving current cash flows, in particular the non-cash impairment charges recorded in 2020.
•   We continued to invest in our business, including:
     •     $1.4 billion for fixed assets;
     •     $517 million associated with the formation of a new joint venture with LG Electronics [“LG”];
     •     $403 million in investment and other asset spending; and
     •     $81 million for public and private equity investments, acquisitions and business combinations.
•   We returned over $1 billion to shareholders in 2021 through $517 million in share repurchases and $514 million in dividends.
•   Our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend by 5% to $0.45 per share reflecting its continued confidence in Magna’s future.

                                                                                                    Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 1
STRATEGIC UPDATES – ELECTRIFICATION, NEW OEMS AND ADAS
•     Electrification – we continue to advance our position in electrification in order to capitalize on the global shift towards vehicle electrification,
      including:
        •     Completing our joint venture transaction with LG to manufacture e-motors, inverters and on-board chargers, as well as complete e-drive
              systems for certain automakers.
        •     Winning two additional integrated e-drive programs, including both primary and secondary drive systems.
        •     Being awarded a new program from Daimler for a family of dual-clutch transmissions, including hybrid variants.
        •     Launching our first battery enclosures business for General Motors on a new electric vehicle model.
•     New OEMs – the global shift to electrification has fostered the emergence of a number of new, electric vehicle [“EV”] focused OEMs. We
      continue to pursue opportunities and grow our business with such OEMs. Achievements include:
        •     The launch of the Arcfox α-S, the second vehicle in BJEV’s Arcfox brand, in our complete vehicle manufacturing joint venture operation
              with BJEV.
        •     Reaching the second milestone in our cooperation with Fisker Inc. [“Fisker”], signing a long-term manufacturing agreement for the
              production of the Fisker Ocean SUV at our assembly facility in Graz, Austria. Manufacturing is scheduled to begin in November of 2022.
•     ADAS – we continue to progress with developing our advanced driver assistance systems business, as evidenced by:
        •     The award of a new program for advanced front cameras from a European-based global OEM.
        •     The addition of more than 120 employees from Optimus Ride, to enhance Magna’s capabilities in ADAS.
        •     The award of an industry-first integrated driver and occupant monitoring system with a German-based automaker.


ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES
•     We disposed of three Body Exteriors & Structures operations based in Germany.
•     We reached a binding agreement to dispose of our seating operations in Brazil.
•     We acquired Klein Automotive, a metalforming operation in the Czech Republic.
•     In July, we entered an agreement for the acquisition of Veoneer, Inc. [“Veoneer”]. Subsequent to our agreement, Qualcomm Incorporated
      [“Qualcomm”] made a separate proposal to acquire Veoneer. In October, the Board of Directors of Veoneer determined that the proposal by
      Qualcomm to acquire Veoneer was a superior proposal considering the terms of the merger agreement between us and Veoneer. Consequently,
      Veoneer terminated its merger agreement with us.


LEADERSHIP
•     Our Board approved the following management changes effective January 1, 2022:
        •     Vince Galifi, previously Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer was appointed as President.
        •     Pat McCann, previously Senior Vice-President, Finance was promoted to Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer.
        •     Anton Mayer, previously Executive Vice-President, Research & Development was promoted to Executive Vice-President and Chief
              Technology Officer.


OTHER
•     We committed to achieving carbon neutrality in our operations (Scope 1 and 2) in Europe by 2025 and globally by 2030.


OVERVIEW

OUR BUSINESS(1)
Magna is more than one of the world’s largest suppliers in the automotive space. We are a mobility technology company with a global, entrepreneurial-
minded team of over 158,000 employees(2) and an organizational structure designed to innovate like a startup. With 60+ years of expertise, and a
systems approach to design, engineering and manufacturing that touches nearly every aspect of the vehicle, we are positioned to support advancing
mobility in a transforming industry. Our global network includes 343 manufacturing operations and 91 product development, engineering and sales
centres spanning 28 countries. Our common shares trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange (MG) and the New York Stock Exchange (MGA).


1 Manufacturing operations, product development, engineering and sales centres include certain operations accounted for under the equity method.
2 Number of employees includes over 149,000 employees at our wholly owned or controlled entities and over 9,000 employees at certain operations
    accounted for under the equity method.
2 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements in this MD&A may constitute “forward-looking information” or “forward-looking statements” (collectively, “forward-looking
statements”). Any such forward-looking statements are intended to provide information about management’s current expectations and plans and may not
be appropriate for other purposes. Forward-looking statements may include financial and other projections, as well as statements regarding our future
plans, strategic objectives or economic performance, or the assumptions underlying any of the foregoing, and other statements that are not recitations of
historical fact. We use words such as “may”, “would”, “could”, “should”, “will”, “likely”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “intend”, “plan”, “aim”,
“forecast”, “outlook”, “project”, “estimate”, “target” and similar expressions suggesting future outcomes or events to identify forward-looking
statements.

Forward-looking statements in this document include, but are not limited to, statements relating to: our ability to capitalize on growth in vehicle
electrification and ADAS; our ability to capitalize on opportunities with new electric vehicle focused OEMs; our carbon neutrality commitments.

Forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and are based on assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our
experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors we believe are
appropriate in the circumstances. While we believe we have a reasonable basis for making any such forward-looking statements, they are not a
guarantee of future performance or outcomes. Whether actual results and developments conform to our expectations and predictions is subject to a
number of risks, assumptions and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and the effects of which can be difficult to predict, including the
risk factors which are described later in this MD&A.


INDUSTRY TRENDS

Our operating results are primarily dependent on the levels of North American, European and Chinese car and light truck production by our customers.
While we supply systems and components to every major original equipment manufacturer [“OEM”], we do not supply systems and components for
every vehicle, nor is the value of our content consistent from one vehicle to the next. As a result, customer and program mix relative to market trends, as
well as the value of our content on specific vehicle production programs, are also important drivers of our results.

Ordinarily, OEM production volumes are aligned with vehicle sales levels and thus affected by changes in such levels. Aside from vehicle sales levels,
production volumes are typically impacted by a range of factors, including: general economic and political conditions; labour disruptions; free trade
arrangements; tariffs; relative currency values; commodities prices; supply chain and infrastructure; availability and relative cost of skilled labour;
regulatory considerations, including those related to environmental emissions and safety standards; and other factors. Additionally, COVID-19 can
impact vehicle production volumes, including through: mandatory stay-at-home orders which restrict production; elevated employee absenteeism; and
supply chain disruptions, such as the semiconductor chip shortage currently impacting global vehicle production volumes.

Overall vehicle sales levels are significantly affected by changes in consumer confidence levels, which may in turn be impacted by consumer
perceptions and general trends related to the job, housing and stock markets, as well as other macroeconomic and political factors. Other factors which
typically impact vehicle sales levels and thus production volumes include: interest rates and/or availability of credit; fuel and energy prices; relative
currency values; regulatory restrictions on use of vehicles in certain megacities; and other factors. Additionally, COVID-19 can impact vehicle sales
through: mandatory stay-at-home orders which restrict operations of car dealerships, as well as through a deterioration of consumer confidence.

While the foregoing economic, political and other factors are part of the general context in which the global automotive industry operates, there were a
number of significant industry trends that impacted us during 2021, including:
•     supply chain disruptions, including the global shortage of semiconductor chips that materially affected global automotive production volumes, as
      well as shortages of certain commodities;
•     operational inefficiencies related to “start-stop” production due to semiconductor chip and other supply disruptions at our customers’ facilities;
•     the COVID-19 pandemic, including the impact of shipping capacity constraints, and labour shortages in the value chain;
•     inflationary price increases in the value chain;
•     energy supply disruptions, including unplanned production shutdowns of some of our, our sub-suppliers’ and customers’ manufacturing facilities
      in China due to electricity rationing.

We continue to implement a business strategy which is rooted in our best assessment as to the rate and direction of change in the automotive industry,
including with respect to trends related to vehicle electrification and advanced driver assistance systems, as well as future mobility business models. Our
short and medium-term operational success, as well as our ability to create long-term value through our business strategy, are subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties which are discussed later in this MD&A.

                                                                                                      Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 3
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

AVERAGE FOREIGN EXCHANGE

                                                                                                                     2021           2020        Change

            1 Canadian dollar equals U.S. dollars                                                                    0.798          0.746          +7%
            1 euro equals U.S. dollars                                                                               1.183          1.141          +4%
            1 Chinese renminbi equals U.S. dollars                                                                   0.155          0.145          +7%

The preceding table reflects the average foreign exchange rates between the most common currencies in which we conduct business and our U.S. dollar
reporting currency.

The results of operations for which the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using the average exchange rates for the
relevant period. Throughout this MD&A, reference is made to the impact of translation of foreign operations on reported U.S. dollar amounts where
relevant.


LIGHT VEHICLE PRODUCTION VOLUMES
Our operating results are mostly dependent on light vehicle production in the regions reflected in the table below:


Light Vehicle Production Volumes (thousands of units)

                                                                                2021                          2020                                 Change
                                                                      North                        North                               North
                                                                     America   Europe     China   America    Europe         China     America       Europe   China

For the three months ended:
     March 31                                                         3,753     4,902     6,048     3,777     4,699      3,222               -1%       +4%   +88%
     June 30                                                          3,212     4,111     5,715     1,241     2,083      5,839             +159%      +97%    -2%
     September 30                                                     2,931     3,051     5,467     3,945     4,276      6,265              -26%      -29%   -13%
     December 31                                                      3,249     3,894     7,272     4,040     5,396      8,101              -20%      -28%   -10%
Full Year                                                            13,145    15,958    24,502    13,003    16,454     23,427               +1%       -3%    +5%

Overall, global light vehicle production increased 4% in 2021, however, both 2020 and 2021 were impacted by significant global events which led to
significant variability in production volumes throughout both years. Light vehicle production volumes were severely impacted by COVID-19 pandemic
related production shutdowns in the first half of 2020, while the second half of 2020 saw a strong rebound. In each of the first three quarters of 2021
there was sequential weakening of light vehicle production volumes as the semiconductor chip shortage became progressively worse. The fourth quarter
of 2021 saw some sequential recovery, however global production volumes were still lower compared to the fourth quarter of 2020.

4 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021

SALES

                                                                           LOGO
Sales increased 11% or $3.59 billion to $36.24 billion for 2021 compared to $32.65 billion for 2020 primarily as a result of higher global light vehicle
production and higher assembly volumes, including the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020 partially offset by the negative impact
of production disruptions due to semiconductor chip shortages during 2021. In addition, sales increased due to:
•     the launch of programs during or subsequent to 2020;
•     the net strengthening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, which increased reported U.S. dollar sales by $983 million; and
•     net business combinations during 2021 which increased sales by $942 million.

These factors were partially offset by:
•     the end of production of certain programs; and
•     net customer price concessions subsequent to 2020.


COST OF GOODS SOLD

                                                                                                               2021         2020       Change

            Material                                                                                         $21,817      $19,750      $2,067
            Direct labour                                                                                      2,781        2,498         283
            Overhead                                                                                           6,499        5,959         540
            Cost of goods sold                                                                               $31,097      $28,207      $2,890

Cost of goods sold increased $2.89 billion to $31.10 billion for 2021 compared to $28.21 billion for 2020, primarily due to:
•     higher material, direct labour and overhead associated with higher sales;
•     the net strengthening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, which increased reported U.S. dollar cost of goods sold by $833 million;
•     net business combinations during 2021;
•     higher commodity, freight and energy costs in proportion to sales;
•     higher labour and other operational inefficiencies in proportion to sales due to the unpredictability of our customers’ production schedules in 2021;
      and
•     higher launch costs.

These factors were partially offset by:
•     cost savings and operating efficiencies, including as a result of implemented restructuring actions;
•     lower net application engineering costs related to three upcoming ADAS program launches; and
•     lower net warranty costs of $83 million.


DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION
Depreciation and amortization increased $146 million to $1.51 billion for 2021 compared to $1.37 billion for 2020 primarily due to:
•     net business combinations during 2021 which increased depreciation and amortization by $45 million;
•     the net strengthening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, which increased reported U.S. dollar depreciation and amortization by
      $42 million; and
•     increased capital deployed at new and existing facilities to support the launch of programs subsequent to 2020.

                                                                                                      Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 5
SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE [“SG&A”]
SG&A expense increased $130 million to $1.72 billion for 2021 compared to $1.59 billion for 2020, primarily as a result of:
•     a $45 million provision on an engineering services contract with the automotive unit of Evergrande in our Complete Vehicles segment;
•     the net strengthening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, which increased reported U.S. dollar SG&A expense by $44 million;
•     net business combinations during 2021 which increased SG&A by $44 million;
•     higher consulting costs;
•     higher labour and benefit costs;
•     costs incurred at new facilities; and
•     higher incentive compensation and employee profit sharing due to improved financial performance.

These factors were partially offset by:
•     a favourable value-added tax settlement in Brazil during 2021;
•     transactional foreign exchange gains in 2021 compared to transactional foreign exchange losses in 2020; and
•     higher royalty and licencing income.


INTEREST EXPENSE, NET
Net interest expense decreased $8 million to $78 million for 2021 compared to $86 million for 2020 primarily as a result of interest income recognized
on a favourable value-added tax settlement in Brazil during 2021 and interest earned on higher cash balances, partially offset by an increase in long-term
borrowings due to the issuance of $750 million of 2.45% fixed rate Senior notes during the second quarter of 2020.


EQUITY INCOME
Equity income decreased $41 million to $148 million for 2021 compared to $189 million for 2020, primarily as a result of the reorganization of certain
transmission joint ventures which resulted in these entities no longer being equity-accounted for, and net business combinations during 2021, partially
offset by earnings on higher sales at certain other equity-accounted entities.


OTHER EXPENSE, NET

                                                                                                                       2021      2020

                  Restructuring and impairments (1)                                                                   $ 101      $269
                  Net losses (gains) on investments (2)                                                                   2       (32)
                  Merger agreement termination fee (3)                                                                 (100)      —
                  Gain on business combinations (4)                                                                     (40)      —
                  Loss on sale of business (5)                                                                           75       —
                  Impairments and loss on sale of equity-accounted investments (6)                                      —         347
                  Other expense, net                                                                                  $ 38       $584

(1)   Restructuring and impairments
      For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded restructuring and impairment charges of $67 million [$52 million after tax] in our Power &
      Vision segment, $18 million [$17 million after tax] in our Seating Systems segment and $16 million [$14 million after tax] in our Body
      Exteriors & Structures segment.
      During 2020, we recorded restructuring and impairment charges of $123 million [$118 million after tax] in our Body Exteriors & Structures
      segment, $115 million [$90 million after tax] in our Power & Vision segment and $31 million [$29 million after tax] in our Seating Systems
      segment. Of the total charges, $168 million was related to restructuring plans implemented by us to right-size our business in response to the
      impact that COVID-19 was expected to have on vehicle production volumes over the short to medium term. These restructuring plans included
      plant closures and workforce reductions which were substantially completed by December 31, 2021.

6 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
(2)   Net losses (gains) on investments
      For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded unrealized losses of $6 million [$12 million after tax] on the revaluation of public and private
      equity investments and unrealized gains of $4 million [$3 million after tax] related to the revaluation of public company warrants.
      During 2020, we recorded unrealized gains of $34 million [$29 million after tax] on the revaluation of our private equity investments and a
      non-cash impairment charge of $2 million [$2 million after tax] related to a private equity investment, which was included in our Corporate
      segment.
(3)   Merger agreement termination fee
      In the fourth quarter of 2021, Veoneer, Inc. [“Veoneer”] terminated its merger agreement with us. In connection with the termination of the merger
      agreement, Veoneer paid us a termination fee which, net of our associated transaction costs, amounted to $100 million [$75 million after tax].
(4)   Gain on business combinations
      During 2021, we acquired a 65% equity interest and a controlling financial interest in Chongqing Hongli Zhixin Scientific Technology
      Development Group LLC. [“Hongli”]. The acquisition included an additional 15% equity interest in two entities that we previously equity
      accounted for. On the change in basis of accounting we recognized a $22 million gain [$22 million after tax].
      During 2021, substantially all of the assets of our European joint venture with Ford Motor Company [“Ford”], Getrag Ford Transmission GmbH
      [“GFT”], were distributed to either Ford or us, which resulted in us recording a gain of $18 million [$18 million after tax]. As part of the
      distribution, we received GFT’s non-controlling interest in a Chinese joint venture, a facility in Europe and cash.
      See Note 5, “Business Combinations”, to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report.
(5)   Loss on sale of business
      During 2021, we sold three Body Exteriors & Structures operations in Germany. Under the terms of the arrangement, we provided the buyer with
      $41 million of funding, resulting in a loss on disposal of $75 million [$75 million after tax].
(6)   Impairments and loss on sale of equity-accounted investments
      The following table summarizes the impairment charges and loss on sale recorded for certain investments in our Power & Vision segment in 2020:

                        Impairment of Getrag (Jiangxi) Transmission Co., Ltd. [“GJT”] (i)                                  $337
                        Loss on sale and impairment of Dongfeng Getrag Transmission Co. Ltd. [“DGT”] (ii)                    10
                        Total impairments and loss on sale of equity-accounted investments                                  347
                        Tax effect on Other Expense, net                                                                    (53)
                        Loss attributable to non-controlling interests                                                      (75)
                        Non-cash impairment charge included in Net income attributable to Magna International Inc.         $219

      (i)    An impairment for GJT was recorded based on pricing pressure in the China market as well as declines in volume and sales projections for
             the foreseeable future. In the fourth quarter of 2020, the governing documents related to GJT were revised, providing us with a controlling
             financial interest and as a result, we began consolidating GJT on December 29, 2020. See Note 5, “Business Combinations”, to the
             consolidated financial statements included in this Report.
      (ii)   During 2020, we recorded a $10 million [$10 million after tax] loss on the sale of our 50% interest in DGT.

                                                                                                    Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 7
INCOME FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES
Income from operations before income taxes was $1.95 billion for 2021 compared to $1.01 billion for 2020. This $942 million increase is a result of the
following changes, each as discussed above:

                                                                                                             2021             2020        Change

            Sales                                                                                          $36,242           $32,647      $3,595
            Costs and expenses
                Cost of goods sold                                                                          31,097            28,207       2,890
                Depreciation and amortization                                                                1,512             1,366         146
                Selling, general & administrative                                                            1,717             1,587         130
                Interest expense, net                                                                           78                86          (8)
                Equity income                                                                                 (148)             (189)         41
                Other expense, net                                                                              38               584        (546)
            Income from operations before income taxes                                                     $ 1,948           $ 1,006      $ 942


INCOME TAXES

                                                                                                                      2021                     2020

      Income taxes as reported                                                                                 $395          20.3%      $329          32.7%
      Tax effect on Other expense, net                                                                          (14)         (1.1)        80          (7.0)
      Adjustments to Deferred Tax Valuation Allowances                                                           13           0.6        —            —
                                                                                                               $394          19.8%      $409          25.7%

During 2021 we recorded adjustments to valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. As a result of a restructuring in Germany and unrealized
capital gains in Canada we released a portion of our valuation allowances. These effects were partially offset by new valuation allowances against
deferred tax assets in the Czech Republic and Italy due to cumulative losses in recent years. The net effect of these adjustments was a reduction in
income tax expense of $13 million [“Adjustments to Deferred Tax Valuation Allowances”].

Excluding the tax effect on Other expense, net, and the Adjustments to Deferred Tax Valuation Allowances our effective income tax rate decreased to
19.8% for 2021 compared to 25.7% for 2020 primarily as a result of:
•     higher favourable changes in our reserves for uncertain tax positions;
•     lower losses not benefited in Europe and South America;
•     lower accrued tax on undistributed foreign earnings; and
•     an increase in research and development credits.

These factors were partially offset by an unfavourable re-measurement of deferred tax assets of a China subsidiary.


(INCOME) LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
Income attributable to non-controlling interests was $39 million for 2021 compared to a loss attributable to non-controlling interests of $80 million for
2020. This $119 million change was substantially due to an impairment charge attributable to non-controlling interests of $75 million recorded in 2020
and a $28 million increase as a result of consolidating certain transmission joint ventures that were previously equity-accounted for. In addition,
improved net income at our non-wholly owned operations in China and the acquisition of Hongli during 2021 contributed to this increase.


NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
Net income attributable to Magna International Inc. increased $757 million to $1.514 billion for 2021 compared to $757 million for 2020 as a result of
an increase in income from operations before income taxes of $942 million, partially offset by an increase of $119 million in income attributable to
non-controlling interests and an increase in income taxes of $66 million.

8 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                     LOGO                                                                           LOGO

                                                                                                            2021         2020       % Change

            Earnings per Common Share
                Basic                                                                                      $ 5.04      $ 2.52          +100%
                Diluted                                                                                    $ 5.00      $ 2.52           +98%
            Weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding (millions)
                Basic                                                                                       300.6       299.7           —
                Diluted                                                                                     302.8       300.4           +1%
            Adjusted diluted earnings per share                                                            $ 5.13      $ 3.95           +30%

Diluted earnings per share was $5.00 for 2021 compared to $2.52 for 2020. The $2.48 increase was substantially a result of higher net income
attributable to Magna International Inc., as discussed above, partially offset by an increase in the weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding
during 2021. The increase in the weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding was primarily due to the exercise of stock options during or
subsequent to 2020 and an increase in diluted shares related to outstanding stock options as a result of the increase in our share price. This increase was
partially offset by the purchase and cancellation of Common Shares, during or subsequent to 2020, pursuant to our normal course issuer bids.

Other expense, net, after tax, and Adjustments to Deferred Tax Valuation Allowances negatively impacted diluted earnings per share by $0.13 in 2021,
and $1.43 in 2020, respectively, as discussed in the “Other expense, net”, “Income Taxes” and “(Income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests”
sections above.

Adjusted diluted earnings per share, as reconciled in the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation” section, was $5.13 for 2021 compared to
$3.95 for 2020, an increase of $1.18.

                                                                                                      Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 9
NON-GAAP PERFORMANCE MEASURES - FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021

ADJUSTED EBIT AS A PERCENTAGE OF SALES

                                                                           LOGO
The table below shows the change in Magna’s Sales and Adjusted EBIT by segment and the impact each segment’s changes have on Magna’s Adjusted
EBIT as a percentage of sales for 2021 compared to 2020:

                                                                                                                           Adjusted EBIT
                                                                                                             Adjusted      as a percentage
                                                                                                   Sales      EBIT             of sales

            2020                                                                                 $32,647     $ 1,676                  5.1%
            Increase (decrease) related to:
                 Body Exteriors & Structures                                                         927           3                -0.1%
                 Power & Vision                                                                    1,620         243                +0.4%
                 Seating Systems                                                                     436          45                +0.1%
                 Complete Vehicles                                                                   691          13                -0.1%
                 Corporate and Other                                                                 (79)         84                +0.3%
            2021                                                                                 $36,242     $ 2,064                 5.7%

Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales increased to 5.7% for 2021 compared to 5.1% for 2020, primarily due to:
•     the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020;
•     cost savings and operating efficiencies, including as a result of implemented restructuring actions;
•     lower net application engineering costs related to three upcoming ADAS program launches;
•     lower net warranty costs;
•     higher tooling contribution; and
•     amortization related to the initial value of public company warrants.

These factors were partially offset by:
•     the negative impact of production disruptions due to semiconductor chip shortages during 2021, including higher labour and other operational
      inefficiencies as a result of the unpredictability of our customers’ production schedules;
•     higher production costs in proportion to sales, including commodity, freight and energy costs;
•     the benefit of COVID-19 related government employee support programs during 2020;
•     higher launch costs;
•     a provision on an engineering services contract with the automotive unit of Evergrande in our Complete Vehicles segment;
•     higher employee profit sharing and incentive compensation due to improved financial performance;
•     higher pre-operating costs incurred at new facilities;
•     a favourable engineering program resolution in 2020 in our Complete Vehicle segment; and
•     net customer price concessions subsequent to 2020.

10 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL
                                      LOGO                                                                        LOGO
Adjusted Return on Invested Capital increased to 10.3% for 2021 compared to 7.9% for 2020 as a result of an increase in Adjusted After-tax operating
profits partially offset by higher Average Invested Capital. Other expense, net, after tax and Adjustments to Deferred Tax Valuation Allowances
negatively impacted Return on Invested Capital by 0.2% in 2021 and by 3.2% in 2020.

Average Invested Capital increased $161 million to $16.01 billion 2021 compared to $15.84 billion for 2020 primarily due to:
•     the net strengthening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar;
•     net business combinations during 2021;
•     recognition of the initial value and subsequent revaluation of the vested portion of the public company warrants in 2021; and
•     investments in and favourable revaluations of certain public and private equity investments.

These factors were partially offset by:
•     a decrease in average non-cash working capital;
•     average depreciation expense on fixed assets in excess of our average investment in fixed assets; and
•     the impairment of assets recorded during 2020.


RETURN ON EQUITY

                                                                             LOGO
Return on Equity was 12.5% for 2021 compared to 7.0% for 2020. This increase was due to higher net income attributable to Magna, partially offset by
higher average shareholders’ equity. Other expense, net, after tax and Adjustments to Deferred Tax Valuation Allowances negatively impacted Return on
Equity by 0.3% in 2021 and by 4.0% in 2020.

                                                                                                     Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 11
SEGMENT ANALYSIS

We are a global supplier in the automotive space. Our systems approach to design, engineering and manufacturing touches nearly every aspect of the
vehicle, including body and chassis structures, exterior systems and modules, trim and engineered glass, active aerodynamics, energy storage systems,
electrified and conventional powertrain technologies, powertrain subsystems and components, ADAS and automated driving, control modules,
mechatronics, mirrors and overhead consoles, lighting, complete seats, seating structural products, seat foam and seat trim. We also have complete
vehicle engineering and contract manufacturing expertise.

Our reporting segments are: Body Exteriors & Structures; Power & Vision; Seating Systems; and Complete Vehicles.

                                                                                                             Sales                             Adjusted EBIT
                                                                                                   2021       2020         Change       2021       2020     Change

Body Exteriors & Structures                                                                     $14,477 $13,550 $ 927 $ 820 $ 817 $ 3
Power & Vision                                                                                   11,342   9,722  1,620    738    495   243
Seating Systems                                                                                   4,891   4,455    436    152    107    45
Complete Vehicles                                                                                 6,106   5,415    691    287    274    13
Corporate and Other                                                                                (574)   (495)   (79)    67    (17)   84
Total reportable segments                                                                       $36,242 $32,647 $3,595 $2,064 $1,676 $ 388


BODY EXTERIORS & STRUCTURES

                                                                                                   2021           2020              Change

            Sales                                                                              $14,477        $13,550           $927             +7%
            Adjusted EBIT                                                                      $     820      $      817        $   3          —
            Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales                                                   5.7%            6.0%                      -0.3%


                                                                          LOGO

Sales – Body Exteriors & Structures
Sales increased 7% or $927 million to $14.48 billion for 2021 compared to $13.55 billion for 2020, primarily as a result of higher global light vehicle
production, including the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020 partially offset by production disruptions due to semiconductor chip
shortages during 2021. In addition, sales increased due to:
•     the launch of programs during or subsequent to 2020, including the:
       •      Ford Bronco Sport;
       •      GM full-size SUV’s;
       •      Jeep Grand Cherokee L; and
       •      Ford Mustang Mach E; and
•     the net strengthening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, which increased reported U.S. dollar sales by $354 million.

These factors were partially offset by:
•     the end of production of certain programs;
•     the sale of three operations in Germany during 2021, which decreased sales by $220 million; and
•     net customer price concessions subsequent to 2020.

12 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                      LOGO                                                                        LOGO


Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales – Body Exteriors & Structures
Adjusted EBIT increased $3 million to $820 million for 2021 compared to $817 million for 2020 while Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales
decreased to 5.7% compared to 6.0%. Adjusted EBIT was higher primarily as a result of earnings on higher sales. Excluding this factor, Adjusted EBIT
and Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales were lower primarily due to:
•     the negative impact of production disruptions due to semiconductor chip shortages during 2021, including higher labour and other operational
      inefficiencies as a result of the unpredictability of our customers’ production schedules;
•     higher launch costs;
•     higher pre-operating costs incurred at new facilities;
•     higher production costs in proportion to sales, including freight and energy costs;
•     higher net unfavourable commercial items;
•     higher net warranty costs of $23 million;
•     higher employee profit sharing and incentive compensation due to improved financial performance; and
•     net customer price concessions subsequent to 2020.

These factors were partially offset by:
•     cost savings and operating efficiencies, including as a result of implemented restructuring actions;
•     higher tooling contribution; and
•     the net strengthening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, which had a favourable $22 million impact on reported U.S. dollar Adjusted
      EBIT.


POWER & VISION

                                                                                                        2021       2020             Change

      Sales                                                                                         $11,342       $9,722       $1,620        +17%
      Adjusted EBIT                                                                                 $     738     $ 495        $ 243         +49%
      Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales                                                              6.5%       5.1%                    1.4%

                                                                                                     Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 13
                                                                          LOGO
Sales – Power & Vision
Sales increased 17% or $1.62 billion to $11.34 billion for 2021 compared to $9.72 billion for 2020, primarily as a result of higher global light vehicle
production, including the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020 partially offset by production disruptions due to semiconductor chip
shortages during 2021. In addition, sales increased due to:
•     business combinations during 2021, which increased sales by $741 million;
•     the launch of programs during or subsequent to 2020, including the:
       •      GM full-size SUV’s;
       •      Jeep Grand Cherokee L;
       •      Dongfeng T5 EVO; and
       •      Renault Samsung XM3; and
•     the net strengthening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, which increased reported U.S. dollar sales by $348 million.

These factors were partially offset by net customer price concessions subsequent to 2020.

                                      LOGO                                                                          LOGO


Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales – Power & Vision
Adjusted EBIT increased $243 million to $738 million for 2021 compared to $495 million 2020 and Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales increased to
6.5% from 5.1%. Adjusted EBIT was higher primarily as a result of earnings on higher sales. In addition, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT as a
percentage of sales were higher primarily due to:
•     lower net warranty costs of $106 million;
•     lower net application engineering costs related to three upcoming ADAS program launches;
•     cost savings and operating efficiencies, including as a result of implemented restructuring actions; and
•     the net strengthening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, which had a favourable $32 million impact on reported U.S. dollar Adjusted
      EBIT.

These factors were partially offset by:
•     the negative impact of production disruptions due to semiconductor chip shortages during 2021, including higher labour and other operational
      inefficiencies as a result of the unpredictability of our customers’ production schedules;
•     higher production costs in proportion to sales, including commodity, freight and energy costs;
•     higher electrification spending;
•     business combinations during 2021, which negatively impacted Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales;
•     higher employee profit sharing and incentive compensation due to improved financial performance; and
•     net customer price concessions subsequent to 2020.

14 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
SEATING SYSTEMS

                                                                                                   2021          2020            Change

            Sales                                                                                 $4,891       $4,455       $436          +10%
            Adjusted EBIT                                                                         $ 152        $ 107        $ 45          +42%
            Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales                                                   3.1%          2.4%                   +0.7%


                                                                           LOGO

Sales – Seating Systems
Sales increased 10% or $436 million to $4.89 billion for 2021 compared to $4.46 billion for 2020, primarily due to:
•     the acquisition of Hongli during 2021 which increased sales by $426 million;
•     the launch of programs during or subsequent to 2020, including the:
       •      Jeep Grand Cherokee L;
       •      Skoda Enyaq; and
       •      Chevrolet Bolt EUV; and
•     the net strengthening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, which increased reported U.S. dollar sales by $66 million.

These factors were partially offset by:
•     an unfavourable mix of global light vehicle production including the negative impact of production disruptions due to semiconductor chip
      shortages during 2021 partially offset by the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020;
•     the end of production of certain programs; and
•     and net customer price concessions subsequent to 2020.

                                                                                                    Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 15
                                      LOGO                                                                           LOGO


Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales – Seating Systems
The negative impact of production disruptions during 2021, including semiconductor chip shortages, was more pronounced in our Seating Systems
segment compared to our other reporting segments due to the mix of programs impacted. Adjusted EBIT increased $45 million to $152 million for 2021
compared to $107 million for 2020 and Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales increased to 3.1% from 2.4%. Adjusted EBIT was higher primarily as a
result of earnings on higher sales. In addition, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales were higher primarily due to:
•     favourable commercial settlements during 2021;
•     the acquisition of Hongli during 2021;
•     cost savings and operating efficiencies, including as a result of implemented restructuring actions; and
•     productivity and efficiency improvements at certain underperforming facilities.

These factors were partially offset by:
•     the negative impact of production disruptions during 2021, including higher labour and other operational inefficiencies as a result of the
      unpredictability of our customers’ production schedules;
•     higher employee profit sharing and incentive compensation due to improved financial performance;
•     higher production costs in proportion to sales, including freight and energy costs;
•     higher launch costs; and
•     net customer price concessions subsequent to 2020.


COMPLETE VEHICLES

                                                                                                   2021           2020           Change

            Complete Vehicle Assembly Volumes (thousands of units)(i)                              125.6          109.5      16.1         +15%
            Sales                                                                                $6,106          $5,415     $ 691         +13%
            Adjusted EBIT                                                                        $ 287           $ 274      $ 13           +5%
            Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales                                                   4.7%           5.1%                  -0.4%


(i)   Vehicles produced at our Complete Vehicle operations are included in Europe Light Vehicle Production volumes.

                                      LOGO                                                                           LOGO


Sales – Complete Vehicles
Sales increased 13% or $691 million to $6.11 billion for 2021 compared to $5.42 billion for 2020 primarily as a result of a 15% increase in assembly
volumes, including the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 partially offset by the negative impact of production disruptions due to
semiconductor chip shortages during 2021. In addition, sales were positively impacted by a $233 million increase in reported U.S. dollar sales as a result
of the strengthening of the euro against the U.S. dollar.

16 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                     LOGO                                                                        LOGO


Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales – Complete Vehicles
Adjusted EBIT increased $13 million to $287 million for 2021 compared to $274 million for 2020 while Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales
decreased to 4.7% from 5.1%. Adjusted EBIT increased primarily due to higher earnings due to higher assembly volumes, net of contractual fixed cost
recoveries on certain programs. Excluding this factor, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales were lower primarily due to:
•     a $45 million provision on an engineering services contract with the automotive unit of Evergrande;
•     a favourable engineering program resolution in 2020;
•     higher production costs in proportion to sales, including freight and energy costs; and
•     higher employee profit sharing and incentive compensation due to improved financial performance.

These factors were partially offset by higher favourable government research and development incentives in 2021, higher margins on engineering
programs, and the strengthening of the euro against the U.S. dollar, which had a favourable $12 million impact on reported U.S. dollar Adjusted EBIT.


CORPORATE AND OTHER
Adjusted EBIT was earnings of $67 million for 2021 compared to a loss of $17 million for 2020. The $84 million improvement was primarily the result
of:
•     amortization related to the initial value of public company warrants;
•     lower incentive compensation and employee profit sharing;
•     lower transactional foreign exchange losses in 2021 compared to 2020;
•     lower labour and benefits;
•     an increase in fees received from our divisions; and
•     a loss on sale of assets during 2020.

                                                                                                  Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 17
FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                                                                           LOGO
                                                                                                                   2021       2020      Change

            Net income                                                                                           $1,553     $ 677
            Items not involving current cash flows                                                                1,576      1,976
                                                                                                                  3,129      2,653      $ 476
            Changes in operating assets and liabilities                                                            (189)       625        (814)
            Cash provided from operating activities                                                              $2,940     $3,278      $ (338)


Cash provided from operating activities
Comparing 2021 to 2020, cash provided from operating activities decreased $338 million. The negative impact of production disruptions due to
semiconductor chip shortages during 2021, including higher labour and other operational inefficiencies as a result of the unpredictability of our
customers’ production schedules resulted in lower cash generation than would be expected from the increase in production volumes. Specifically, we
used $3.21 billion of additional cash for materials and overhead, $709 million for labour partially offset by collecting an additional $3.74 billion from
our customers.


Changes in operating assets and liabilities
During 2021, we used $189 million for operating assets and liabilities, primarily as result of increased production inventory related to supply chain and
customers disruptions.

These uses of cash were partially offset by:
•     an increase in accounts payable;
•     an increase in taxes payable; and
•     a decrease in production and other receivables as a result of lower operating activity in the month of December 2021 compared to the month of
      December 2020.

18 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
INVESTING ACTIVITIES

                                                                          LOGO
                                                                                                             2021         2020       Change

            Fixed asset additions                                                                          $(1,372)      $(1,145)
            Increase in investments, other assets and intangible assets                                       (403)         (331)
            Increase in public and private equity investments                                                  (68)         (132)
            Fixed assets, investments, other assets and intangible assets additions                         (1,843)       (1,608)
            Increase in equity method investments                                                             (517)          —
            Funding provided on sale of business                                                               (41)            9
            Business combinations                                                                              (13)           91
            Settlement of long-term receivable from non-consolidated joint venture                              50           —
            Proceeds from dispositions                                                                          81           108
            Cash used for investing activities                                                             $(2,283)      $(1,400)    $ (883)

Cash used for investing activities in 2021 was $883 million higher compared to 2020, primarily due to $517 million used to fund the acquisition of a
49% non-controlling interest in LG Magna e-Powertrain Co., Ltd. [“LME”], a $235 million increase in fixed assets, investments, other assets and
intangible assets, and $13 million net cash paid for business combinations in 2021 compared to $91 million in net cash received in 2020. These factors
were partially offset by a $50 million cash receipt from a non-consolidated joint venture during 2021.


FINANCING ACTIVITIES

                                                                                                                  2021     2020     Change

            Issues of debt                                                                                    $    55     $ 854
            Decrease in short-term borrowings                                                                    (101)      (31)
            Repayments of debt                                                                                   (121)     (140)
            Issue of Common Shares on exercise of stock options                                                   146        81
            Tax withholdings on vesting of equity awards                                                          (13)      (13)
            Repurchase of Common Shares                                                                          (517)     (203)
            Contributions to subsidiaries by non-controlling interests                                              8        18
            Dividends paid to non-controlling interest                                                            (49)      (18)
            Dividends paid                                                                                       (514)     (467)
            Cash (used for) provided from financing activities                                                $(1,106)    $ 81      $(1,187)

The decrease in issues of debt relates primarily to the issuance of $750 million of 2.45% fixed-rate Senior Notes during 2020.

During 2021 we repurchased 6.0 million Common Shares under normal course issuer bids for aggregate cash consideration of $517 million. During
2020 we repurchased 5.1 million Common Shares under normal course issuer bids for aggregate cash consideration of $203 million.

Cash dividends paid per Common Share were $1.72 for 2021, for a total of $514 million compared to $1.60 for 2020, for a total of $467 million.

                                                                                                   Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 19
FINANCING RESOURCES

                                                                                                                    2021        2020      Change

            Liabilities
                 Long-term debt due within one year                                                               $ 455       $ 129
                 Current portion of operating lease liabilities                                                      274         241
                 Long-term debt                                                                                    3,538       3,973
                 Operating lease liabilities                                                                       1,406       1,656
                                                                                                                  $5,673      $5,999      $ (326)

Financial liabilities decreased $326 million to $5.67 billion as at December 31, 2021 primarily as a result of a reduction in operating lease liabilities.
During 2021, $336 million of Senior Notes due December 15, 2022, was reclassified from long-term debt to long-term debt due within one year.


CASH RESOURCES
In 2021, our cash resources decreased by $426 million to $2.9 billion, primarily as a result of cash used for investing and financing activities, partially
offset by cash provided from operating activities, as discussed above. In addition to our cash resources at December 31, 2021, we had term and
operating lines of credit totaling $3.8 billion, of which $3.5 billion was unused and available. On December 10, 2021, we amended our U.S.
$750 million 364-day syndicated revolving credit facility, including an extension of the maturity date to December 9, 2022. The facility can be drawn in
U.S. dollars or Canadian dollars. As of December 31, 2021, we had not borrowed any funds under this credit facility.


MAXIMUM NUMBER OF SHARES ISSUABLE
The following table presents the maximum number of shares that would be outstanding if all of the outstanding options at March 3, 2022 were
exercised:

                   Common Shares                                                                                             296,643,367
                   Stock options (i)                                                                                           6,090,512
                                                                                                                             302,733,879

(i)   Options to purchase Common Shares are exercisable by the holder in accordance with the vesting provisions and upon payment of the exercise
      price as may be determined from time to time pursuant to our stock option plans.


CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
A purchase obligation is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on us and that specifies all
significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of
the transaction. Consistent with our customer obligations, substantially all of our purchases are made under purchase orders with our suppliers which are
requirements based and accordingly do not specify minimum quantities. Other long-term liabilities are defined as long-term liabilities that are recorded
on our consolidated balance sheet. Based on this definition, the following table includes only those contracts which include fixed or minimum
obligations.

At December 31, 2021, we had contractual obligations requiring annual payments as follows:

                                                                                                                    2023-      2025-
                                                                                                          2022      2024       2026      Thereafter    Total

Operating leases                                                                                        $ 300      $ 502      $ 381      $     835    $ 2,018
Long-term debt                                                                                            455       1,460       651          1,427      3,993
Unconditional purchase obligations:
     Materials and services                                                                              2,407        573        477          13        3,470
     Capital                                                                                             1,028        189         64          31        1,312
Total contractual obligations                                                                           $4,190     $2,724     $1,573     $ 2,306      $10,793

20 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
Our unfunded obligations with respect to employee future benefit plans, which have been actuarially determined, were $651 million at December 31,
2021. These obligations are as follows:

                                                                                                                     Termination and
                                                                                       Pension       Retirement       Long Service
                                                                                       Liability      Liability       Arrangements          Total

      Projected benefit obligation                                                     $ 689         $    27         $         467        $1,183
      Less plan assets                                                                   (532)            —                    —            (532)
      Unfunded amount                                                                  $ 157         $    27         $         467        $ 651


Foreign Currency Activities
Our North American operations negotiate sales contracts with OEMs for payment in U.S. dollars, Canadian dollars and Mexican pesos. Materials and
equipment are purchased in various currencies depending upon competitive factors, including relative currency values. Our North American operations
use labour and materials which are paid for in U.S. dollars, Canadian dollars and Mexican pesos. Our Mexican operations generally use the U.S. dollar
as the functional currency.

Our European operations negotiate sales contracts with OEMs for payment principally in euros. Our European operations’ material, equipment and
labour are paid for principally in euros and U.S. dollars.

Our Asian operations negotiate sales contracts with OEMs for payment principally in Chinese renminbi. Our Asian operations’ material, equipment and
labour are paid for principally in Chinese renminbi.

We employ hedging programs, primarily through the use of foreign exchange forward contracts, in an effort to manage our foreign exchange exposure,
which arises when manufacturing facilities have committed to the delivery of products for which the selling price or material purchases have been
quoted in foreign currencies and for labour in countries where their local currency is not their functional currency. These commitments represent our
contractual obligations to deliver products over the duration of the product programs, which can last a number of years. The amount and timing of the
forward contracts will be dependent upon a number of factors, including anticipated production delivery schedules and anticipated production costs,
which may be paid in the foreign currency. Despite these measures, significant long-term fluctuations in relative currency values, in particular a
significant change in the relative values of the U.S. dollar, Canadian dollar, euro, Chinese renminbi and Mexican peso, could have an adverse effect on
our profitability and financial condition (as discussed throughout this MD&A).

                                                                                                   Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 21
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES RECONCILIATION

The reconciliation of Non-GAAP financial measures is as follows:


ADJUSTED EBIT

                                                                                                                      2021         2020

                  Net Income                                                                                         $1,553      $ 677
                  Add :
                       Interest Expense, net                                                                             78          86
                       Other Expense, net                                                                                38         584
                       Income Taxes                                                                                     395         329
                  Adjusted EBIT                                                                                      $2,064      $1,676


ADJUSTED EBIT AS A PERCENTAGE OF SALES

                                                                                                              2021              2020

                  Sales                                                                                     $36,242            $32,647
                  Adjusted EBIT                                                                             $ 2,064            $ 1,676
                  Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of sales                                                         5.7%              5.1%


ADJUSTED DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                                                      2021        2020

                  Net income attributable to Magna International Inc.                                                $1,514      $ 757
                  Add :
                       Other Expense, net                                                                                38         584
                       Tax effect on Other Expense, net                                                                  14         (80)
                       Adjustments to Deferred Tax Valuation Allowances                                                 (13)        —
                       Loss attributable to non-controlling interests related to Other Expense, net                     —           (75)
                  Adjusted net income attributable to Magna International Inc.                                       $1,553      $1,186
                  Diluted weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding during the period
                    (millions)                                                                                        302.8       300.4
                  Adjusted diluted earnings per share                                                                $ 5.13      $ 3.95


RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL AND ADJUSTED RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL
Return on Invested Capital is calculated as After-tax operating profits divided by Average Invested Capital for the period. Adjusted Return on Invested
Capital is calculated as Adjusted After-tax operating profits divided by Average Invested Capital for the period. Average Invested Capital for the twelve
month period is averaged on a five-fiscal quarter basis.

                                                                                                                      2021        2020
                  Net Income                                                                                         $1,553      $ 677
                  Add :
                       Interest Expense, net                                                                             78          86
                       Income taxes on Interest Expense, net at Magna’s effective income tax rate:                      (15)        (20)
                  After-tax operating profits                                                                         1,616         743
                  Other Expense, net                                                                                     38         584
                  Tax effect on Other Expense, net                                                                       14         (80)
                  Adjustments to Deferred Tax Valuation Allowances                                                      (13)        —
                  Adjusted After-tax operating profits                                                               $1,655      $1,247

22 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                            2021             2020

                  Total Assets                                                                           $ 29,086        $28,605
                       Excluding:
                            Cash and cash equivalents                                                       (2,948)          (3,268)
                            Deferred tax assets                                                               (421)            (372)
                  Less Current Liabilities                                                                 (10,401)          (9,743)
                       Excluding:
                            Long-term debt due within one year                                                455            129
                            Current portion of operating lease liabilities                                    274            241
                  Invested Capital                                                                       $ 16,045        $15,592

                                                                                                            2021             2020

                  After-tax operating profits                                                            $ 1,616         $     743
                  Average Invested Capital                                                               $ 16,005        $15,844
                  Return on Invested Capital                                                                  10.1%             4.7%

                                                                                                            2021             2020

                  Adjusted After-tax operating profits                                                   $ 1,655         $ 1,247
                  Average Invested Capital                                                               $ 16,005        $15,844
                  Adjusted Return on Invested Capital                                                         10.3%             7.9%


RETURN ON EQUITY

                                                                                                           2021              2020

                  Net income attributable to Magna International Inc.                                    $ 1,514         $     757
                  Average Shareholders’ Equity                                                           $12,121         $10,751
                  Return on Equity                                                                           12.5%              7.0%


SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

NORMAL COURSE ISSUER BID
Subsequent to December 31, 2021, we purchased 1,600,500 Common Shares for cancellation and 165,773 Common Shares to satisfy stock-based
compensation awards each under our existing normal course issuer bid for cash consideration of $132 million.


SENIOR NOTES REDEMPTION
On February 28, 2022, we redeemed for cash the entire aggregate principle amount outstanding of the Cdn$425 million 3.100% Senior Notes due 2022
[“the Notes”]. The redemption price for the Notes was Cdn$430 million, resulting in a loss on early extinguishment of Cdn$5 million that reflects the
payment of the premium to redeem the Notes and the write-off of the unamortized debt issuance costs.

                                                                                                 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 23
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1, “Significant Accounting Policies”, to the consolidated financial statements
included in this Report. The preparation of the audited consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, as of the date of the
consolidated financial statements. These estimates and assumptions are based on our historical experience, and various other assumptions we believe to
be reasonable in the circumstances. Since these estimates and assumptions are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, actual results in these areas
may differ significantly from our estimates.

We believe the following critical accounting policies and estimates affect the more subjective or complex judgements and estimates used in the
preparation of our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Management has discussed the development and selection of the
following critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee has reviewed our disclosure relating
to critical accounting policies in this MD&A.


REVENUE RECOGNITION - COMPLETE VEHICLE ASSEMBLY ARRANGEMENTS
The Company’s complete vehicle assembly contracts with customers are complex and often include promises to transfer multiple products and services,
some of which may be implicitly contracted for. For these complex arrangements, each good or service is evaluated to determine whether it represents a
distinct performance obligation, and whether it should be characterized as revenue or reimbursement of costs incurred. The total transaction price is then
allocated to the distinct performance obligations based on the expected cost plus a margin approach and recognized as revenue.

Significant interpretation and judgment is sometimes required to determine the appropriate accounting for these contracts including: (i) combining
contracts that may impact the allocation of the transaction price between products and services; (ii) determining whether performance obligations are
considered distinct and are required to be accounted for separately or combined; and (iii) the allocation of the transaction price to each distinct
performance obligation and determining when to recognize revenue.


IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENTS – GOODWILL, LONG-LIVED ASSETS, AND EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENTS
We review goodwill at the reporting unit level for impairment in the fourth quarter of each year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that goodwill might be impaired. Goodwill impairment is assessed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to the underlying carrying
value of the reporting unit’s net assets, including goodwill. If a reporting unit’s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an impairment is recognized
based on that difference. The fair value of a reporting unit is determined using the estimated discounted future cash flows of the reporting unit.

In addition to our review of goodwill, we evaluate fixed assets and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist.
Indicators of impairment include the bankruptcy of a significant customer or the early termination, loss, renegotiation of the terms of, significant volume
decrease in, or delay in the implementation of, any significant production contract. If the sum of the future cash flows expected to result from the asset,
undiscounted and without interest charges, is less than the reported value of the asset, an asset impairment may be recognized in the consolidated
financial statements. The amount of impairment to be recognized is calculated by subtracting the fair value of the asset from the reported value of the
asset.

As of December 31, 2021, we had equity method investments of $1.0 billion. We monitor our investments for indicators of other-than-temporary
declines in value on an ongoing basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. If we determine that an other-than-temporary decline in value has occurred, we
recognize an impairment loss, which is measured as the difference between the book value and the fair value of the investment.

We believe that accounting estimates related to goodwill, long-lived asset, and equity method investment impairment assessments are “critical
accounting estimates” because: (i) they are subject to significant measurement uncertainty and are susceptible to change as management is required to
make forward-looking assumptions regarding the impact of improvement plans on current operations, in-sourcing and other new business opportunities,
program pricing and cost assumptions on current and future business, the timing of new program launches and future forecasted production volumes;
and (ii) any resulting impairment loss could have a material impact on our consolidated net income and on the amount of assets reported in our
consolidated balance sheet.


WARRANTY
We record product warranty costs, which include product liability and recall costs. Under most customer agreements, we only account for existing or
probable claims on product default issues when amounts related to such issues are probable and reasonably estimable. Under certain complete vehicle
assembly, powertrain systems, and electronics contracts, we record an estimate of future warranty-related costs based on the terms of the specific
customer agreements and/or the Company’s warranty experience.

24 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
Product liability and recall provisions are established based on our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle existing claims, which typically take
into account: the number of units that may be returned; the cost of the product being replaced; labour to remove and replace the defective part; and the
customer’s administrative costs relating to the recall. In making this estimate, judgement is also required as to the ultimate negotiated sharing of the cost
between us, the customer and, in some cases a supplier. Where applicable, insurance recoveries related to such provisions are also recorded.

Due to the uncertain nature of the net costs, actual product liability costs could be materially different from our best estimates of future costs.


INCOME TAXES
The determination of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. Significant judgement and estimates
are required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. We recognize
tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities,
based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the
largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.

At December 31, 2021, we had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $142 million excluding interest and penalties, of which $126 million, if recognized,
would affect our effective tax rate. The gross unrecognized tax benefits differ from the amount that would affect our effective tax rate due primarily to
the impact of the valuation allowances on deferred tax assets.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences between financial statement
carrying value of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and tax loss and credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Accounting standards require that we
assess whether valuation allowances should be established or maintained against our deferred income tax assets, based on consideration of all available
evidence, using a “more-likely-than-not” standard. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are: history of losses, forecasts of future
pre-tax income and tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the deferred tax assets. On a quarterly basis, we evaluate the realizability
of deferred tax assets by assessing our valuation allowances and by adjusting the amount of such allowances as necessary. We use tax planning strategies
to realize deferred tax assets in order to avoid the potential loss of these tax benefits. Changes in our estimates, due to unforeseen events or otherwise,
could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Refer to Note 10, “Income Taxes” of the notes to the consolidated
financial statements for additional information.


EMPLOYEE FUTURE BENEFIT PLANS
The determination of the obligation and expense for defined benefit pension, termination and long service arrangements and other post-retirement
benefits, such as retiree healthcare and medical benefits, is dependent on the selection of certain assumptions used by actuaries in calculating such
amounts. Those assumptions include, among others, the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and rates of increase in
compensation costs. Actual results that differ from the assumptions used are accumulated and amortized over future periods and therefore impact the
recognized expense in future periods. Significant changes in assumptions or significant plan amendments could materially affect our future employee
benefit obligations and future expense.

At December 31, 2021, we had past service costs and actuarial experience losses of $214 million included in accumulated other comprehensive income
that will be amortized to future employee benefit expense over the expected average remaining service life of employees or over the expected average
life expectancy of retired employees, depending on the status of the plan.


COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

From time to time, we may be contingently liable for litigation, legal and/or regulatory actions and proceedings and other claims. Refer to Note 22,
“Contingencies” of our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, which describes these claims.

For a discussion of risk factors relating to legal and other claims/actions against us, refer to “Item 5. Risk Factors” in our Annual Information Form and
Annual Report on Form 40-F, each in respect of the year ended December 31, 2021.

                                                                                                       Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 25
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended [the
“Exchange Act”]), are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to senior management,
including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to enable them to make timely decisions regarding
required disclosure of such information. We have conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2021, under the
supervision, and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as this term is defined in the rules adopted by
Canadian securities regulatory authorities and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission [“SEC”]) are effective as of December 31, 2021.


MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. Additionally, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management used the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission [“COSO”] Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Based
on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting and concluded that, as at December 31, 2021, such internal control over financial reporting is effective. The Company’s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, has been audited by Deloitte LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, who also audited the
Company’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. Deloitte LLP expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. This report precedes our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2021.


CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.


RISK FACTORS

Our short and medium-term operational success, as well as our ability to create long-term value through our business strategy, are subject to risks and
uncertainties. The following are the more significant of such risks:


RISKS RELATED TO THE AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY
•     Economic Cyclicality: The global automotive industry is cyclical, with the potential for regional differences in timing of expansion and
      contraction of economic cycles. A worsening of economic, political, or other conditions in North America, Europe or China, including as a result
      of COVID-19, increasing inflation and/or rising interest rates, may result in lower consumer confidence, which typically translates into lower
      vehicle sales and production levels. A significant decline in vehicle production volumes from current levels could have a material adverse effect
      on our profitability and financial condition.
•     Regional Volumes Declines: North America, Europe and China are key automotive producing regions for us, and our operating results are
      primarily dependent on car and light truck production by our customers in these regions. A significant or sustained decline in vehicle production
      volumes in any or all of these geographic regions could have a material adverse effect on our operations, sales and profitability.
•     Intense Competition: The automotive supply industry is highly competitive and becoming more so. Some of our competitors have higher or
      more rapidly growing market share than we do in certain product or geographic markets. Additionally, a number of established electronics and
      semiconductor companies have entered or expanded their presence in the automotive industry, while disruptive technology innovators have been
      introducing novel product and service solutions which traditional automotive suppliers may not be able to match. Failure to successfully compete
      with existing or new competitors, including failure to grow our electronics or electric vehicle (“EV”) content at or above the rate of growth of
      vehicle production, could affect our ability to fully implement our corporate strategy.

26 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
•   Trade Agreements: The global growth of the automotive industry has been aided by the free movement of goods, services, people and capital
    through bilateral and regional trade agreements, particularly in North America and Europe. Introduction of measures which impede free trade
    could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
•   Trade Disputes/Tariffs: International trade disputes could, among other things, reduce demand for and production of vehicles, disrupt global
    supply chains, distort commodity pricing, impair the ability of automotive suppliers and vehicle manufacturers to make efficient long-term
    investment decisions, create volatility in relative foreign exchange rates, and contribute to stock market volatility. The imposition of tariffs and/or
    escalation of trade disputes which interfere with automotive supply chains could have an adverse effect on our operations and profitability.


CUSTOMER AND SUPPLIER RELATED RISKS
•   Customer Concentration: Although we supply parts to all of the leading OEMs, a significant majority of our sales are to six customers: BMW,
    Daimler, General Motors, Stellantis, Ford and Volkswagen. In light of the amount of business we currently have with these six customers, our
    opportunities for incremental growth with them in North America, Europe and China may be limited. While we continue to diversify our business,
    including to derive increased revenue from emergent EV-focused OEMs and through new business models, there is no assurance we will be
    successful. Shifts in market share away from our top customers could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
•   Emergence of Potentially Disruptive EV OEMs: With the accelerating trend toward vehicle electrification, a number of potentially disruptive,
    EV-focused OEMs have emerged, particularly in China. It is too early to predict which of these emergent EV-focused OEMs will succeed in the
    long-term, whether independently or through cooperative relationships with each other or with any of our traditional OEM customers. Vehicle
    electrification is an important component of our strategy, including through development and supply of electric drive systems and products that
    support electrification, such as battery enclosures, as well as complete vehicle engineering and contract vehicle manufacturing. While we are
    developing business relationships with some of the emergent EV-focused OEMs, we do not have relations with all, nor are such relationships as
    well established as those with our traditional customers. The failure to sufficiently grow our sales to emergent OEMs which achieve significant
    commercial success could adversely impact our long-term strategy. At the same time, conducting business with recently established OEMs poses
    risks and challenges, including due to their limited operating history and (in some cases) financial and capital resources, which may elevate
    counterparty risk, as well as uncertainties regarding consumer/market acceptance of their vehicles. It remains too early to determine whether our
    commercial experience with such emergent EV-focused OEMs will be similar to our experience with established OEMs.
•   Customer Consolidation and Cooperation: There have been a number of examples of OEM consolidation in recent years, including the merger
    of PSA and Fiat Chrysler to form Stellantis. Additionally, competing OEMs are increasingly cooperating and collaborating in different ways to
    save costs, including through joint purchasing activities, platform sharing, powertrain sharing, joint R&D and regional joint ventures. While OEM
    consolidation and cooperation may present opportunities, they also present a risk that we could lose future business or experience even greater
    pricing pressure on certain production programs, either of which could have an adverse effect on our profitability.
•   Market Shifts: While we supply parts for a wide variety of vehicles produced globally, we do not supply parts for all vehicles produced, nor is
    the number or value of parts evenly distributed among the vehicles for which we do supply parts. Shifts in market shares away from vehicles on
    which we have significant content, as well as vehicle segments in which our sales may be more heavily concentrated, could have a material
    adverse effect on our profitability.
•   Consumer Take Rate Shifts: Shifts in consumer preferences may impact “take rates” for certain types of products we sell. Examples of such
    products include: manual and dual-clutch transmissions; all-wheel drive systems; power liftgates; active aerodynamics systems; advanced driver
    assistance systems; and complete vehicles with certain option packages or option choices. Where shifts in consumer preferences result in higher
    “take rates” for products that we do not sell or for products we sell at a lower margin, our profitability may be adversely affected.
•   Dependence on Outsourcing: We depend on outsourcing by OEMs. A reduction in outsourcing by OEMs or the loss of any material production
    or assembly programs combined with the failure to secure alternative programs with sufficient volumes and margins, could have a material
    adverse effect on our profitability.

                                                                                                    Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 27
MANUFACTURING / OPERATIONAL RISKS
•    Russian Invasion of Ukraine: In response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, a number of countries, including the U.S. and European Union
     member states, have taken actions against Russia, such as: imposition of sanctions targeting certain Russian leadership and other individuals;
     restrictions on certain sectors of the Russian economy; expulsion of some Russian banks from the SWIFT global banking payment system; and
     other measures, with further restrictions likely as the conflict continues. Magna currently has 6 manufacturing operations in Russia, primarily
     supplying VW and Hyundai, with 2021 sales of approximately $370 million. To the extent that VW, Hyundai and/or our other OEM customers in
     Russia suspend Russian production, and/or to the extent any of our OEM customers suspend production elsewhere or cease selling vehicles in the
     Russian market, Magna’s sales would be adversely affected. Additionally, the conflict and restrictive measures against Russia could exacerbate a
     number of risks described elsewhere in these Risk Factors, including: disruption of vehicle production and supply chains; worsening the current
     semiconductor chip shortage since Russia and Ukraine are critical suppliers of neon gas and palladium used in chip production; exacerbating
     energy shortages or driving energy prices higher, particularly oil and natural gas; constraining the supply of aluminum, palladium or other
     commodity metals required in automotive production; and increasing cybersecurity threats.
•    Semiconductor Chip Shortages and Price Increases: The global shortage of semiconductor chips had a material adverse effect on global
     automotive production volumes in 2021, is expected to continue impacting volumes in 2022, and could worsen as a result of Russia’s invasion of
     Ukraine. In response to the semiconductor chip shortage, OEMs continue to take actions such as: unplanned shutdowns of production lines and/or
     plants; reductions in their vehicle production plans; and changes to their product mix. Such OEM responses can result in a number of direct and
     indirect consequences for Tier 1 suppliers like us, including: lower sales; significant production inefficiencies due to production lines being
     stopped/restarted unexpectedly based on OEMs’ production priorities; higher inventory levels; premium freight costs to expedite shipments; other
     unrecoverable costs; and increased challenges in retaining employees through production disruptions. The current shortage of semiconductor chips
     has also resulted in elevated prices for this critical automotive component. Tier 1 suppliers may face price increases from sub-suppliers that have
     been negatively impacted by production inefficiencies, premium freight costs and/or other costs and surcharges related to the semiconductor chip
     shortage. It remains unclear when supply and demand for automotive semiconductor chips will fully rebalance. A worsening or prolongation of the
     semiconductor chip shortage could have a material adverse effect on our operations, sales and profitability.
•    COVID-19: The development and spread of highly-transmissible COVID-19 variants such as the “Omicron” variant creates continued risk of
     further disruptions to the automotive industry, including through further mandatory lockdowns/stay-at-home orders or other restrictions. These
     orders may: restrict consumers’ ability to purchase vehicles; restrict production; cause elevated employee absenteeism; result in us incurring
     significant unrecoverable costs; and lead to supply chain disruptions. Over the medium-to long term, the pandemic may result in societal changes
     that impact the automotive industry, positively or negatively, including as a result of: expanded work-from-home practices that reduce consumers’
     reliance on vehicles; and/or increased reluctance by people to utilize modes of public transit and/or shared mobility. Prolonged production
     shutdowns and/or restrictions on consumers’ ability to purchase vehicles due to COVID-19 lockdowns in the short-term, or long-term changes in
     consumers’ vehicle purchasing behaviour, could have a material adverse effect on our operations, sales and profitability.
•    Supply Disruptions: Events which prevent us from supplying products to our customers could result in a range of potential adverse
     consequences, including: material price increases; elevated, unrecoverable costs such as those for premium freight or re-sourcing of supply;
     penalties or business interruption claims by our customers; loss of future business; and reputational damage. In addition to the global
     semiconductor chip shortage, OEMs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers could also experience supply disruptions or constraints on other critical
     manufacturing inputs, such as steel and/or aluminum. The impacts of prolonged supply disruptions or constraints could have a material adverse
     effect on our operations and profitability.
•    Inflationary Pressures: Global economies are currently experiencing elevated inflation which could curtail levels of economic activity, including
     in our primary production markets. During 2021, we experienced higher commodity, freight and energy costs, as well as wage pressures related to
     labour shortages in some markets. Inflationary pressures are expected to continue in 2022 and would be exacerbated by shortages or disruptions to
     inputs required for automotive production, including semiconductor chips, steel and aluminum. Tier 1 suppliers may also experience price
     increases or surcharges from sub-suppliers in connection with the inflationary pressures they face. The inability to offset inflationary price
     increases through continuous improvement actions, price increases to our customers or modifications to our own products or otherwise, could
     have an adverse effect on our profitability.
•    Regional Energy Shortages: Parts of the world are experiencing energy shortages which appear to be related to a resurgence in demand due to
     economic recovery, weather events; and challenges related to the transition to renewable energy generation. Prices for energy inputs critical to
     manufacturing, such as natural gas and electricity, rose dramatically in parts of Europe and Asia in 2021 and may continue to increase in these or
     other markets. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine could disrupt natural gas supplies from Russia to Europe and/or cause elevated prices to rise further.
     Prolonged energy disruptions and/or significant energy price increases could have an adverse effect on our operations and profitability.

28 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
•   Product Launch: The launch of production is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including: the timing,
    frequency and complexity of design changes by our customers relative to start of production; production readiness of our and our customers and
    suppliers’ manufacturing facilities; robustness of manufacturing processes; launch volumes; quality and production readiness of tooling and
    equipment; employees; and initial product quality. Our failure to successfully launch material new or takeover business could have a material
    adverse effect on our profitability and reputation.
•   Operational Underperformance: From time to time, we may have operating divisions which are not performing at expected levels of
    profitability. The size and complexity of automotive manufacturing operations often makes it difficult to achieve a quick turnaround of
    underperforming divisions. Significant underperformance in our operating divisions could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and
    operations.
•   Restructuring Costs: We may sell some product lines and/or downsize, close or sell some of our operating divisions. By taking such actions, we
    may incur restructuring, downsizing and/or other significant non-recurring costs. These costs may be higher in some countries than others and
    could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
•   Impairments: We have recorded significant impairment charges related to equity interests in joint ventures, goodwill and long-lived assets in the
    past, and may do so again in the future. The early termination, loss, renegotiation of the terms of, or delay in the implementation of, any
    significant production contract could be indicators of impairment, as may the technological obsolescence of any of our products or production
    assets or volumes that are lower than previously expected. In conducting our impairment analysis, we make forward-looking assumptions
    regarding: the impact of turnaround plans on underperforming operations; new business opportunities; program price and cost assumptions on
    current and future business; the timing and success of new program launches; and forecast production volumes. To the extent such forward-
    looking assumptions are not met, any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
•   Skilled Labour Attraction/Retention: Our business is based on successfully attracting, training and developing employees at all levels of the
    company from “shop-floor” to Executive Management. The markets for highly skilled workers, as well as talented professionals and leaders in our
    industry are extremely competitive, particularly in the major global automotive and technology centres in which many of our operations are
    located. The inability to meet our needs for skilled workers and talented professionals and leaders, whether through recruitment or internal training
    and development activities could impact our ability to profitably conduct business and/or effectively implement our strategy.
•   Leadership Succession: Effective succession planning programs and practices are a critical element of our overall talent management strategy.
    We experienced a significant number of planned retirements in the last few years, and may experience similar waves in future years. We maintain
    a leadership development and succession program that has facilitated seamless leadership transitions to date. However, the failure to ensure
    effective knowledge transfers and seamless leadership transitions involving key professionals and leaders could also impact our ability to
    profitably conduct business and/or effectively implement our strategy.
•   Supply Base Condition: We rely on a number of suppliers to supply us with a wide range of components required in connection with our
    business. The financial health of automotive suppliers is impacted by a number of factors, including economic conditions and production volumes.
    A significant worsening of economic conditions or reduction in production volumes, including as a result of COVID-19, the semiconductor chip
    shortage, inflationary pressures or otherwise, could deteriorate the financial condition of our supply base, which could lead to, among other things:
    disruptions in the supply of critical components to us or our customers; and/or temporary shut-downs of one of our production lines or the
    production lines of one of our customers; all of which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.


IT SECURITY / CYBERSECURITY RISKS
•   IT/Cybersecurity Breach: Although we have established and continue to enhance security controls intended to protect our IT systems and
    infrastructure, there is no guarantee that such security measures will be effective in preventing unauthorized physical access or cyber-attacks. A
    significant breach of our IT systems could: result in theft of funds; cause disruptions in our manufacturing operations; lead to the loss, destruction
    or inappropriate use of sensitive data; or result in theft of our, our customers’ or our suppliers’ intellectual property or confidential information.
    The occurrence of any of the foregoing could adversely affect our operations and/or reputation, and could lead to claims against us that could have
    a material adverse effect on our profitability.
•   Product Cybersecurity: The risk of vehicle cyber attacks has risen with the proliferation of technology designed to connect vehicles to external
    networks. Although vehicle and systems-level cybersecurity controls and protections are typically managed and/or specified by our OEM
    customers, we cannot provide assurance that such controls and protections will be effective in preventing cyber intrusion through one of our
    products. Furthermore, an OEM customer may still seek to hold us financially responsible, even where the OEM specified the cybersecurity
    controls and protections. Any such cyber intrusion could cause reputational damage and lead to claims against us that have an adverse effect on
    our profitability.

                                                                                                   Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 29
PRICING RISKS
•    Quote/Pricing Assumptions: The time between award of new production business and start of production typically ranges between two and four
     years. Since product pricing is typically determined at the time of award, we are subject to significant pricing risk due to changes in input costs
     and quote assumptions between the time of award and start of production. This risk is elevated in a rising inflation environment, as is currently the
     case globally. The inability to quote effectively, or the occurrence of a material change in input cost or other quote assumptions between program
     award and production, could have an adverse effect on our profitability.
•    Customer Pricing Pressure: We face ongoing pricing pressure from OEMs, including through: quoting pre-requirements; long-term supply
     agreements with mutually agreed price reductions over the life of the agreement; non-contractual annual price concession demands; pressure to
     absorb costs related to product design, engineering and tooling, and/or amortize such costs through the piece price for the product; pressure to
     assume incremental warranty costs; and OEM refusal to fully offset inflationary price increases. OEMs possess significant leverage over their
     suppliers due to their purchasing power and the highly competitive nature of the automotive supply industry. As a result of the broad portfolio of
     parts we supply to our six largest OEM customers, such customers may be able to exert greater leverage over us as compared to our competitors.
     We attempt to offset price concessions and costs in a number of ways, including through negotiations with our customers, improved operating
     efficiencies and cost reduction efforts. Our inability to fully offset price concessions, absorb design, engineering and tooling costs, and/or fully
     recover such costs over the life of production, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
•    Commodity Price Volatility: Prices for certain key raw materials and commodities used in our parts, including steel, aluminum and resin, can be
     volatile. To the extent we are unable to offset commodity price increases by: passing such increases to our customers, engineering products with
     reduced commodity content, implementing hedging strategies, or otherwise, such additional commodity costs could have an adverse effect on our
     profitability.
•    Scrap Steel/Aluminum Price Volatility: Some of our manufacturing facilities generate a significant amount of scrap steel or scrap aluminum in
     their manufacturing processes, but recover some of the value through the sale of such scrap. Scrap steel and scrap aluminum prices can also be
     volatile and don’t necessarily move in the same direction as steel or aluminum prices. Declines in scrap steel/aluminum prices from time to time
     could have an adverse effect on our profitability.


WARRANTY / RECALL RISKS
•    Repair/Replacement Costs: We are responsible for repair and replacement costs of defective products we supply to our customers. Certain of our
     products, such as transmissions, typically have a higher unit and labour cost in the event of replacement. Other products, such as side door latches,
     are supplied in multiples of two or four for a single vehicle, which could result in significant cost in the event all need to be replaced. Our OEM
     customers and/or government regulators have the ability to initiate recalls of safety products, which will also place us at risk for the administrative
     costs of the recall, even in situations where we dispute the need for a recall or the responsibility for any alleged defect. The obligation to repair or
     replace defective products could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability. To the extent such obligation arises as a result
     of a product recall, we may face reputational damage, and the combination of administrative and product replacement costs could have a material
     adverse effect on our profitability.
•    Warranty Provisions: In certain circumstances, we are at risk for warranty costs, including product liability and recall costs, and are currently
     experiencing increased customer pressure to assume greater warranty responsibility. Warranty provisions for our products are based on our best
     estimate of the amounts necessary to settle existing or probable claims related to product defects. In addition, warranty provisions for our
     powertrain systems, electronics and complete vehicle programs are also established on the basis of our or our customers’ warranty experience with
     the applicable type of product and, in some cases, the terms in the applicable customer agreements. Actual warranty experience which results in
     costs that exceed our warranty provisions, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
•    Product Liability: We cannot guarantee that the design, engineering, testing, validation and manufacturing measures we employ to ensure high-
     quality products will be completely effective, particularly as electronic content and product complexity increases. In the event that our products
     fail to perform as expected and such failure results in, or is alleged to result in, bodily injury and/or property damage or other losses, product
     liability claims may be brought against us. The defense of product liability claims, particularly class action claims in North America, may be
     costly and judgements against us could impair our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our profitability.

30 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
ACQUISITION RISKS
•   Inherent Merger and Acquisition Risks: Acquisitions are subject to a range of inherent risks, including the assumption of incremental
    regulatory/compliance, pricing, supply chain, commodities, labour relations, litigation, environmental, pensions, warranty, recall, IT, tax or other
    risks. While the conduct of due diligence on an acquisition target is intended to mitigate such risks, these efforts may not always prove to be
    sufficient in identifying all risks and liabilities related to the acquisition, including as a result of: limited access to information; time constraints for
    conducting due diligence; inability to access target company facilities and/or personnel; or other limitations in the due diligence process.
    Additionally, we may identify risks and liabilities that we are not able to sufficiently mitigate through appropriate contractual or other protections.
    The realization of any such risks could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.


OTHER BUSINESS RISKS
•   Joint Ventures: We conduct certain of our operations through joint ventures under contractual arrangements under which we share management
    responsibilities with one or more partners. Joint venture operations carry a range of risks, including those relating to: failure of our joint venture
    partner(s) to satisfy contractual obligations; potential conflicts between us and our joint venture partner(s); strategic objectives of joint venture
    partners that may differ from our own; potential delays in decision-making; a limited ability to implement some or all of our policies, practices
    and controls, or to control legal and regulatory compliance, within the joint venture(s); and other risks inherent to non-wholly-owned operations.
    The likelihood of such occurrences and their potential effect on us vary depending on the joint venture arrangement, however, the occurrence of
    any such risks could have an adverse effect on our operations, profitability and reputation.
•   Technology and Innovation: While we continue to invest in technology and innovation which we believe will be critical to our long-term
    growth, the automotive industry is experiencing rapid technological change and significant disruption. Our ability to anticipate changes in
    technology and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products and/or manufacturing processes on a timely basis will be a
    significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. If we are unsuccessful or are less successful than our competitors in consistently developing
    innovative products and/or processes, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage and may not be able to recover some or all of our
    investments and costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition and ability to fully implement our
    corporate strategy.
•   Intellectual Property: We own intellectual property that is important to our business and product portfolio. Our intellectual property is an
    important factor in protecting our innovation activities and maintaining our competitive advantage. From time to time, our intellectual property
    rights may be challenged, including through the assertion of intellectual property infringement claims which could result in us: being prevented
    from selling certain products; having to license the infringed product/technology; and/or incurring monetary damages. The foregoing
    consequences could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability and ability to fully implement our corporate strategy.
•   Investments in Technology Companies: In addition to our development activities, we have invested in various technology companies and funds
    that invest in such companies. Such investments are an important element of our long-term strategy and we may make further investments in such
    companies. Investing in such companies involves a high degree of risk, including the potential loss of some or all of our investment value. There
    is currently no public market for the shares or units of some of these investments and, as a result, we may be unable to monetize such investments
    in the future. Investments in companies or funds which are currently or subsequently become publicly traded are marked-to-market quarterly,
    which may result in us recording unrealized gains or losses in any given quarter. The realization of any of the foregoing investment-related risks
    could have an adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition.
•   Evolving Business Risk Profile: The risk profile of our business continues to evolve with the increasing importance to us of product areas such
    as electrified powertrains, ADAS and electronics, as well as future mobility business models. As our business evolves, we may face new or
    heightened risks, including: forecasting and planning risks related to penetration rates of EVs, as well as take-rates for ADAS systems or features
    offered to consumers as optional items; reduction in demand for certain products which are unique to internal combustion engine vehicles;
    challenges in quoting for profitable returns on products with leading-edge technologies for which we may not have significant quoting experience;
    rigorous testing and validation requirements from OEM customers for complex new products; increased warranty and recall risks on new products
    and leading-edge technologies; increased product liability risks; heightened risk of technological obsolescence of some of our products, processes
    and/or assets; and difficulties in attracting or retaining employees with critical skills in high-demand areas. Realization of one or more such risks
    could have a material adverse effect on our operations, profitability or financial condition.

                                                                                                       Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021 31
•    Risks of Doing Business in Foreign Markets: The establishment of manufacturing operations in new markets carries a number of potential risks,
     including those relating to: political, civil and economic instability and uncertainty; corruption risks; high inflation and our ability to recover
     inflation-related cost increases; trade, customs and tax risks; potential sanctions risk; expropriation risks; currency exchange rates; currency
     controls; limitations on the repatriation of funds; insufficient infrastructure; competition to attract and retain qualified employees; and other risks
     associated with conducting business internationally. Expansion of our business in non-traditional markets is an element of our long-term strategy
     and, as a result, our exposure to the risks described above may be greater in the future. The likelihood of such occurrences and their potential
     effect on us vary from country to country and are unpredictable, however, the occurrence of any such risks could have an adverse effect on our
     operations, profitability and financial condition.
•    Relative Foreign Exchange Rates: Our profitability is affected by movements of our U.S. dollar reporting currency against the Canadian dollar,
     the euro, the Chinese renminbi and other currencies in which we generate revenues and incur expenses. Significant long-term fluctuations in
     relative currency values, in particular a significant change in the relative values of the U.S. dollar, Canadian dollar, euro or Chinese renminbi,
     could have an adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition and any sustained change in such relative currency values could adversely
     impact our competitiveness in certain geographic regions.
•    Financial Flexibility: The occurrence of an economic shock not contemplated in our business plan, a rapid deterioration of conditions or a
     prolonged recession could result in the depletion of our cash resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial
     condition.
•    Credit Ratings Changes: There is no assurance that any credit rating currently assigned to us will remain in effect for any period of time or that
     any rating will not be revised or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency in the future. A downgrade in the credit ratings assigned to us by one or
     more agencies could increase our cost of borrowing or impact our ability to negotiate loans, which could have an adverse effect on our
     profitability, financial condition and the trading price of our Common Shares.


LEGAL, REGULATORY AND OTHER RISKS
•    Legal and Regulatory Proceedings: From time to time, we may become involved in regulatory proceedings, or become liable for legal,
     contractual and other claims by various parties, including customers, suppliers, former employees, class action plaintiffs and others. Depending on
     the nature or duration of any potential proceedings or claims, we may incur substantial costs and expenses, be required to devote significant
     management time and resources to the matters, and suffer reputational damage as a result of regulatory proceedings. On an ongoing basis, we
     attempt to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgements or outcomes to these proceedings or claims, although it is difficult to predict final
     outcomes with any degree of certainty. Except as disclosed from time to time in our consolidated financial statements and/or our MD&A, we do
     not believe that any of the proceedings or claims to which we are currently a party will have a material adverse effect on our profitability;
     however, we cannot provide any assurance to this effect.
•    Changes in Laws: A significant change in the current regulatory environment in our principal markets, including changes in tax laws, laws related
     to the COVID-19 pandemic, laws related to vehicle emissions, and other laws which impose additional costs on automotive manufacturers or
     consumers, could have an adverse effect on our profitability.

32 Magna International Inc. Annual Report 2021
                        Exhibit 2




        Magna International Inc.
Consolidated Financial Statements
               December 31, 2021
                                    Magna International Inc.
                                    337 Magna Drive
                                    Aurora, Ontario L4G 7K1
                                    Tel (905) 726-2462
                                    Fax (905) 726-7164

Consolidated Financial Statements

     Magna International Inc.
     December 31, 2021
                                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Magna International Inc.


Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Magna International Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2021
and 2020, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the
period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 3, 2022, expressed an
unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.


Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or
required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on
the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.


Sales — Contracts with customers to provide assembled vehicles — Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company’s complete vehicle assembly contracts with customers are complex and often include promises to transfer multiple products and services
to a customer. For these complex arrangements, each good or service is evaluated to determine whether it represents a distinct performance obligation,
and whether it should be characterized as revenue or reimbursement of costs incurred. The total transaction price is then allocated to the distinct
performance obligations based on the expected cost plus a margin approach and recognized as revenue.

There are many promises included in new or modified complete vehicle assembly contracts with customers that required management’s judgment to
determine the appropriate accounting treatment. The judgments with the highest degree of subjectivity relate to: the determination of whether to
combine contracts, the determination of whether performance obligations are considered distinct, the allocation of the transaction price to each distinct
performance obligation, and the determination of revenue recognition. Auditing these judgments required a high degree of subjectivity and an increased
extent of audit effort, including the need to involve accounting specialists with expertise in revenue recognition.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to the appropriateness of the accounting treatment of new or modified complete vehicle assembly contracts with customers
included the following, among others:
•     Evaluated the effectiveness of controls over new or modified complete vehicle assembly contracts, specifically relating to the combination of
      contracts, the identification of performance obligations, the allocation of the transaction price, and the determination of revenue recognition.

•     With the assistance of accounting specialists:
             •      Assessed the information in the complete vehicle assembly contracts to understand and evaluate that all components were identified.
             •      Evaluated management’s judgments related to the accounting treatment by analyzing it against various aspects of GAAP, including
                    conceptual framework and interpretive guidance.
             •      To the extent each new and modified assembly contract during the year did not present a single performance obligation, tested the
                    allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation by evaluating management’s determination of a cost plus a margin
                    approach.

/s/ Deloitte LLP


Chartered Professional Accountants
Licensed Public Accountants
Toronto, Canada
March 3, 2022

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2014.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Magna International Inc.


Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Magna International Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2021,
based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated
financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 of the Company and our report dated March 3, 2022, expressed an unqualified
opinion on those financial statements.


Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in
the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte LLP

Chartered Professional Accountants
Licensed Public Accountants
Toronto, Canada
March 3, 2022
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
[U.S. dollars in millions, except per share figures]

Years ended December 31,

                                                                                      Note       2021        2020
Sales                                                                                        $36,242     $32,647
Costs and expenses
     Cost of goods sold                                                                    31,097  28,207
     Depreciation and amortization                                                          1,512   1,366
     Selling, general and administrative                                                    1,717   1,587
     Interest expense, net                                                             15      78      86
     Equity income                                                                           (148)   (189)
     Other expense, net                                                                 2      38     584
Income from operations before income taxes                                                  1,948   1,006
Income taxes                                                                           10     395     329
Net income                                                                                  1,553     677
(Income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests                                       (39)     80
Net income attributable to Magna International Inc.                                       $ 1,514 $ 757
Earnings per Common Share:                                                              3
         Basic                                                                               $    5.04   $    2.52
         Diluted                                                                             $    5.00   $    2.52
Weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding during the year [in millions]:     3
         Basic                                                                                   300.6       299.7
         Diluted                                                                                 302.8       300.4

See accompanying notes
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
[U.S. dollars in millions]

Years ended December 31,

                                                                                         Note    2021     2020
Net income                                                                                      $1,553   $ 677
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:                                                   20
     Net unrealized (loss) gain on translation of net investment in foreign operations            (178)   356
     Net unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges                                                 34    (34)
     Reclassification of net (gain) loss on cash flow hedges to net income                         (52)    38
     Reclassification of net loss on pensions to net income                                          9      8
     Pension and post-retirement benefits                                                           26    (11)
Other comprehensive (loss) income                                                                 (161)   357
Comprehensive income                                                                             1,392  1,034
Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests                              (48)    72
Comprehensive income attributable to Magna International Inc.                                   $1,344 $1,106

See accompanying notes
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
[U.S. dollars in millions, except shares issued]

As at December 31,

                                                                                            Note      2021       2020
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        4 $ 2,948      $ 3,268
Accounts receivable                                                                                  6,307        6,394
Inventories                                                                                      6   3,969        3,444
Prepaid expenses and other                                                                   4, 15     278          260
                                                                                                    13,502       13,366
Investments                                                                                      7     1,593        947
Fixed assets, net                                                                                8     8,293      8,475
Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                             16     1,700      1,906
Goodwill                                                                                         9     2,122      2,095
Intangible assets, net                                                                          11       493        481
Deferred tax assets                                                                             10       421        372
Other assets                                                                                12, 17       962        963
                                                                                                     $29,086    $28,605
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accounts payable                                                                                  $ 6,465       $ 6,266
Other accrued liabilities                                                                      14   2,156         2,254
Accrued salaries and wages                                                                     13     851           815
Income taxes payable                                                                                  200            38
Long-term debt due within one year                                                             15     455           129
Current portion of operating lease liabilities                                                 16     274           241
                                                                                                   10,401         9,743
Long-term debt                                                                                 15      3,538      3,973
Operating lease liabilities                                                                    16      1,406      1,656
Long-term employee benefit liabilities                                                         17        700        729
Other long-term liabilities                                                                    18        376        332
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                       10        440        452
                                                                                                      16,861     16,885
Shareholders’ equity
Common Shares [issued: 2021 – 297,871,976; 2020 – 300,527,416]                                 19      3,403      3,271
Contributed surplus                                                                                      102        128
Retained earnings                                                                                      9,231      8,704
Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                           20       (900)      (733)
                                                                                                      11,836     11,370
Non-controlling interests                                                                                389        350
                                                                                                      12,225     11,720
                                                                                                     $29,086    $28,605

Commitments and contingencies [notes 15, 16, 21 and 22]

See accompanying notes

On behalf of the Board:

                                       /s/ “Robert F. MacLellan”   /s/ “William L. Young”
                                       Director                    Chairman of the Board
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
[U.S. dollars in millions]

Years ended December 31,

                                                                                                    Note   2021      2020
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income                                                                                              $ 1,553 $ 677
Items not involving current cash flows                                                                4   1,576  1,976
                                                                                                          3,129  2,653
Changes in operating assets and liabilities                                                           4    (189)   625
Cash provided from operating activities                                                                   2,940  3,278
INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES
Fixed asset additions                                                                                      (1,372)   (1,145)
Increase in equity method investments                                                                 7      (517)      —
Increase in investments, other assets and intangible assets                                                  (403)     (331)
Increase in public and private equity investments                                                             (68)     (132)
Proceeds from dispositions                                                                                     81       108
Business combinations                                                                                 5       (13)       91
(Funding provided for) proceeds on sale of business                                                   2       (41)        9
Settlement of long-term receivable from non-consolidated joint venture                                         50       —
Cash used for investing activities                                                                         (2,283)   (1,400)
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Issues of debt                                                                                       15      55     854
Decrease in short-term borrowings                                                                          (101)    (31)
Repayments of debt                                                                                   15    (121)   (140)
Issue of Common Shares on exercise of stock options                                                         146      81
Tax withholdings on vesting of equity awards                                                                (13)    (13)
Repurchase of Common Shares                                                                          19    (517)   (203)
Contributions to subsidiaries by non-controlling interests                                                    8      18
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                 (49)    (18)
Dividends paid                                                                                             (514)   (467)
Cash (used for) provided from financing activities                                                       (1,106)     81
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents                    23      23
Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents during the year          (426)  1,982
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents beginning of year                                  3,374   1,392
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents, end of year                                   4 $ 2,948 $ 3,374

See accompanying notes
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
[U.S. dollars in millions, except number of common shares]

                                                                            Common Shares       Contri-                              Non-
                                                                                      Stated     buted    Retained                controlling    Total
                                                                          Number      Value     Surplus   Earnings   AOCL   [i]
                                                                                                                                   Interests    Equity
                                                                        [in millions]
Balance, December 31, 2019                                                  303.2     $3,198    $ 127     $ 8,596    $(1,090) $         300 $11,131
Net income                                                                                                    757                       (80)    677
Other comprehensive income                                                                                              349               8     357
Business combination                                                                                                                    122     122
Contribution by non-controlling interests                                                                                                18      18
Shares issued on exercise of stock options                                     1.8        98       (17)                                          81
Release of stock and stock units                                               0.5        17       (17)                                         —
Tax withholdings on vesting of equity awards                                  (0.2)       (3)                 (10)                              (13)
Repurchase and cancellation under normal course issuer bids [note 19]         (5.1)      (54)                (157)          8                  (203)
Stock-based compensation expense                                                                    35                                           35
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                                             (18)    (18)
Dividends paid [$1.60 per share]                                              0.3         15                 (482)                             (467)
Balance, December 31, 2020                                                  300.5     $3,271    $ 128     $ 8,704 $ (733) $             350 $11,720
Net income                                                                                                  1,514                        39   1,553
Other comprehensive (loss) income                                                                                   (170)                 9    (161)
Contribution by non-controlling interests                                                                                                 8       8
Shares issued on exercise of stock options                                     3.0      175        (29)                                         146
Release of stock and stock units                                               0.4       17        (17)                                         —
Tax withholdings on vesting of equity awards                                  (0.1)      (2)                  (11)                              (13)
Repurchase and cancellation under normal course issuer bids [note 19]         (6.1)     (68)                 (452)          3                  (517)
Stock-based compensation expense                                                                    20                                           20
Business combinations                                                                                                                    32      32
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                                             (49)    (49)
Dividends paid [$1.72 per share]                                              0.2         10                 (524)                             (514)
Balance, December 31, 2021                                                  297.9     $3,403    $ 102     $ 9,231 $ (900) $             389 $12,225

(i)   AOCL is Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss.

See accompanying notes
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Magna International Inc. [collectively “Magna” or the “Company”] is a global supplier in the automotive space. Our systems approach to design,
engineering and manufacturing touches nearly every aspect of the vehicle, including body and chassis structures, exterior systems and modules, trim and
engineered glass, active aerodynamics, energy storage systems, electrified and conventional powertrain technologies, powertrain subsystems and
components, ADAS and automated driving, control modules, mechatronics, mirrors and overhead consoles, lighting, complete seats, seating structural
products, seat foam and seat trim. We also have complete vehicle engineering and contract manufacturing expertise.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in U.S. dollars following accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
[“GAAP”].

Certain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation.


Principles of consolidation
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Magna and its subsidiaries in which Magna has a controlling financial interest and is the
primary beneficiary. The Company presents non-controlling interests as a separate component within Shareholders’ equity in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.


Use of estimates
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


Foreign currency translation
The Company operates globally, which gives rise to a risk that its earnings and cash flows may be adversely impacted by fluctuations in foreign
exchange rates.

Assets and liabilities of the Company’s operations having a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using the
exchange rate in effect at year end, and revenues and expenses are translated at the average rate during the year. Exchange gains or losses on translation
of the Company’s net investment in these operations are included in comprehensive income and are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss.
Foreign exchange gains or losses on debt that was designated as a hedge of the Company’s net investment in these operations are also recorded in
accumulated other comprehensive loss.

Foreign exchange gains and losses on transactions occurring in a currency other than an operation’s functional currency are reflected in net income,
except for gains and losses on foreign exchange contracts used to hedge specific future commitments in foreign currencies and on intercompany
balances which are designated as long-term investments. In particular, the Company uses foreign exchange forward contracts for the sole purpose of
hedging certain of the Company’s future committed foreign currency based outflows and inflows. Most of the Company’s foreign exchange contracts
are subject to master netting arrangements that provide for the net settlement of contracts, by counterparty, in the event of default or termination. All
derivative instruments, including foreign exchange contracts, are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. The fair values of derivatives
are recorded on a gross basis in prepaid expenses and other, other assets, other accrued liabilities or other long-term liabilities. To the extent that
derivative instruments are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the changes in their fair values are recorded in other comprehensive income.
Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting are recognized immediately in net income based on the
nature of the underlying transaction. Amounts accumulated in other comprehensive loss or income are reclassified to net income in the period in which
the hedged item affects net income.

If the Company’s foreign exchange forward contracts cease to be effective as hedges, for example if projected foreign cash inflows or outflows declined
significantly, gains or losses pertaining to the portion of the hedging transactions in excess of projected foreign currency denominated cash flows would
be recognized in net income at the time this condition was identified.

                                                                                                                      2021 Annual Financial Statements 1
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash on account, demand deposits and short-term investments with remaining maturities of less than three months at
acquisition.


Inventories
Production inventories and tooling inventories manufactured in-house are valued at the lower of cost determined substantially on a first-in, first-out
basis, or net realizable value. Cost includes the cost of materials plus direct labour applied to the product and the applicable share of manufacturing
overhead.


Investments
The Company accounts for investments in companies over which it has the ability to exercise significant influence, but does not hold a controlling
financial interest, under the equity method [“Equity method investments”]. The Company monitors its Equity method investments for indicators of
other-than-temporary declines in value on an ongoing basis. If the Company determines that an other-than-temporary decline in value has occurred, it
recognizes an impairment loss, which is measured as the difference between the book value and the fair value of the investment. Fair value is generally
determined using an income approach based on discounted cash flows. The inputs utilized in the analyses are classified as Level 3 inputs within the fair
value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurement” and primarily consist of expected investee revenue and costs, estimated production
volumes and discount rates.

The Company also has investments in private and publicly traded technology companies over which it does not have the ability to exercise significant
influence. The Company has elected to use the measurement alternative, defined as cost, less impairments, adjusted by observable price changes to
measure the private equity investments. The Company values its investments in publicly traded equity securities using the closing price on the
measurement date, as reported on the stock exchange on which the securities are traded.

Private equity investments are subject to impairment reviews which considers both qualitative and quantitative factors that may have a significant
impact on the investee’s fair value. Upon determining that an impairment may exist, the security’s fair value is calculated using the best information
available, which may include cash flow projections or other available market data and compared to its carrying value. An impairment is recognized
immediately if the carrying value exceeds the fair value.


Long-lived assets
Fixed assets are recorded at historical cost. Depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of fixed assets at annual rates
of 21⁄2% to 5% for buildings, 7% to 10% for general purpose equipment and 10% to 33% for special purpose equipment.

Finite-lived intangible assets, which have arisen principally through acquisitions, include customer relationship intangibles and patents and licences.
These finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives which range from 4 to 15 years.

The Company assesses fixed and finite-lived intangible assets for recoverability whenever indicators of impairment exist. If the carrying value of the
asset exceeds the estimated undiscounted cash flows from the use of the asset, then an impairment loss is recognized to write the asset down to fair
value. The fair value of fixed and finite-lived intangible assets is generally determined using estimated discounted future cash flows.

                                                                                                                       2021 Annual Financial Statements 2
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquired enterprise over the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed less any
subsequent write-downs for impairment. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment in the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if indicators of
potential impairment exist. Goodwill impairment is assessed based on a comparison of the fair value of a reporting unit to the underlying carrying value
of the reporting unit’s net assets, including goodwill. When the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment is recognized
based on that difference. The fair value of a reporting unit is determined using its estimated discounted future cash flows.


Tooling and Pre-Production Engineering Costs Related to Long-Term Supply Agreements
The Company incurs pre-production engineering and tooling costs related to the products produced for its customers under long-term supply
agreements. Customer reimbursements for tooling and pre-production engineering activities that are part of a long-term supply arrangement are
accounted for as a reduction of cost. Pre-production costs related to long-term supply arrangements with a contractual guarantee for reimbursement and
capitalized tooling are included in Other assets.

The Company expenses all pre-production engineering costs for which reimbursement is not contractually guaranteed by the customer. All tooling costs
related to customer-owned tools for which reimbursement is not contractually guaranteed by the customer or for which the Company does not have a
non-cancelable right to use the tooling are also expensed.


Warranty
The Company has assurance warranties and records product warranty liabilities based on its individual customer agreements. Under most customer
agreements, the Company only accounts for existing or probable claims on product default issues when amounts related to such issues are probable and
reasonably estimable. However, for certain complete vehicle assembly, powertrain systems and electronics contracts, the Company records an estimate
of future warranty-related costs based on the terms of the specific customer agreements and/or the Company’s warranty experience. Product liability and
recall provisions are established based on the Company’s best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle existing claims which typically take into
account: the number of units that may be returned; the cost of the product being replaced; labour to remove and replace the defective part; and the
customer’s administrative costs relating to the recall. Judgement is also required as to the ultimate negotiated sharing of the cost between the Company,
the customer and, in some cases, a supplier to the Company.

When a decision to recall a product has been made or is probable, the Company’s portion of the estimated cost of the recall is recorded as a charge to net
income in that period. The Company monitors warranty activity on an ongoing basis and adjusts reserve balances when it is probable that future
warranty costs will be different than those previously estimated.


Income taxes
The Company uses the liability method of tax allocation to account for income taxes. Under the liability method of tax allocation, deferred tax assets and
liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted
tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company assesses whether valuation allowances should be
established or maintained against its deferred tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence using a “more-likely-than-not” standard. The
factors the Company uses to assess the likelihood of realization are its history of losses, forecasts of future pre-tax income and tax planning strategies
that could be implemented to realize the deferred tax assets.

No deferred tax liability is recorded for taxes on undistributed earnings and translation adjustments of foreign subsidiaries if these items are considered
to be reinvested for the foreseeable future. Taxes are recorded on such foreign undistributed earnings and translation adjustments when it becomes
apparent that such earnings will be distributed in the foreseeable future and the Company will incur further tax on remittance.

                                                                                                                      2021 Annual Financial Statements 3
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

Recognition of uncertain tax positions is dependent on whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination,
including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. A tax position that meets the
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured at the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon
ultimate settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense.


Leases
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease or contains a lease at inception. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are considered
short-term and are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company recognizes operating lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the
lease term.

Operating lease right-of-use [“ROU”] assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future lease payments over
the lease term at the commencement date. As the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable for the Company’s operating leases, an incremental
borrowing rate is generally used to determine the present value of future lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate for each lease is based on the
Company’s estimated borrowing rate over a similar term to that of the lease payments, adjusted for various factors including collateralization, location
and currency.

A majority of the Company’s leases for manufacturing facilities are subject to variable lease-related payments, such as escalation clauses based on
consumer price index rates or other similar indices. Variable payments that are based on an index or a rate are included in the recognition of the
Company’s ROU assets and lease liabilities using the index or rate at lease commencement. Subsequent changes to these lease payments due to rate or
index updates are recorded as lease expense in the period incurred.

The Company’s lease agreements generally exclude non-lease components, and do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material
restrictive covenants.


Employee future benefit plans
The cost of providing benefits through defined benefit pensions, lump sum termination and long-term service payment arrangements, and post-
retirement benefits other than pensions is actuarially determined and recognized in income using the projected benefit method pro-rated on service and
management’s best estimate of expected plan investment performance, salary escalation, retirement ages of employees and, with respect to medical
benefits, expected health care costs. Differences arising from plan amendments, changes in assumptions and experience gains and losses that are greater
than 10% of the greater of: [i] the accrued benefit obligation at the beginning of the year; and [ii] the fair value [or market related value] of plan assets at
the beginning of the year, are recognized in income over the expected average remaining service life of employees. Plan assets are valued at fair value.
The cost of providing benefits through defined contribution pension plans is charged to income in the period in respect of which contributions become
payable.

The funded status of the plans is measured as the difference between the fair value of the plan assets and the projected benefit obligation [“PBO”]. The
aggregate of all overfunded plans is recorded in other assets, and the aggregate of all underfunded plans is recorded in long-term employee benefit
liabilities. The portion of the amount by which the actuarial present value of benefits included in the PBO exceeds the fair value of plan assets, payable
in the next twelve months, is reflected in other accrued liabilities.

                                                                                                                        2021 Annual Financial Statements 4
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

Revenue recognition
The Company enters into contracts with its customers to provide production parts or assembled vehicles. Contracts do not commit the customer to a
specified quantity of products; however, the Company is generally required to fulfill its customers’ purchasing requirements for the production life of the
vehicle. Contracts do not typically become a performance obligation until the Company receives a purchase order and a customer release for a specific
number of parts or assembled vehicles at a specified price. While long-term supply agreements may range from five to seven years, contracts may be
terminated by customers at any time. Historically, terminations have been minimal. Contracts may also provide for annual price reductions over the
production life of the vehicle, and prices are adjusted on an ongoing basis to reflect changes in product content/cost and other commercial factors.

Revenue is recognized at the point in time when control of the parts produced or assembled vehicles are transferred to the customer according to the
terms of the contract. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration that the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those
products based on purchase orders and ongoing price adjustments [some of which is accounted for as variable consideration]. The Company uses the
expected value method, taking into account historical data and the status of current negotiations, to estimate the amount to which it expects to be
entitled. Significant changes to the Company’s estimates of variable consideration are not expected.

The Company’s complete vehicle assembly contracts with customers are complex and often include promises to transfer multiple products and services,
some of which may be implicitly contracted for. For these arrangements, each good or service is evaluated to determine whether it represents a distinct
performance obligation, and whether it should be characterized as revenue or reimbursement of costs incurred. The total transaction price is then
allocated to the distinct performance obligations based on the expected cost plus a margin approach and amounts related to revenue are recognized as
discussed above.

The Company also performs tooling and engineering activities for its customers that are not part of a long-term production arrangement. Tooling and
engineering revenue is recognized at a point in time or over time depending, among other considerations, on whether the Company has an enforceable
right to payment plus a reasonable profit, for performance completed to date. Over-time recognition utilizes costs incurred to date relative to total
estimated costs at completion, to measure progress toward satisfying performance obligations. Revenue is recognized as control is transferred to
customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods and services. For the year
ended December 31, 2021, total tooling and engineering sales were $783 million [2020 - $739 million].

The Company’s customers pay for products received in accordance with payment terms that are customary in the industry, typically 30 to 90 days. The
Company’s contracts with its customers do not have significant financing components.

Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on, and concurrent with, a specific revenue-producing transaction that are collected by
the Company from a customer are excluded from revenue.


Contract Assets and Liabilities
The Company’s contract assets relate to the right to consideration for work completed but not yet billed and are included in Accounts Receivable.
Amounts may not exceed their net realizable value. As at December 31, 2021, the Company’s unbilled accounts receivable balance was $528 million
[2020 - $425 million]. Contract assets do not include the costs of obtaining or fulfilling a contract with a customer, as these amounts are generally
expensed as incurred.

Customer advances are recorded as deferred revenue [a contract liability]. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the contract liability
balances were $273 million and $214 million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized $140 million
and $81 million, respectively, of previously recorded contract liabilities into revenue as performance obligations were satisfied.

                                                                                                                      2021 Annual Financial Statements 5
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

Government assistance
The Company makes periodic applications for financial assistance under available government assistance programs in the various jurisdictions that the
Company operates. Grants relating to capital expenditures are reflected as a reduction of the cost of the related assets. Grants relating to current
operating expenditures may be deferred and recognized in the consolidated statement of income over the period necessary to match them with the costs
that they are intended to compensate and are presented as a reduction of the related expense. The Company also receives tax credits and tax super
allowances, the benefits of which are recorded as a reduction of income tax expense. In addition, the Company receives loans which are recorded as
liabilities in amounts equal to the cash received. When a government loan is issued to the Company at a below-market rate of interest, the loan is
initially recorded at its net present value and accreted to its face value over the period of the loan. The benefit of the below-market rate of interest is
accounted for similar to a government grant and is measured as the difference between the initial carrying value of the loan and the cash proceeds
received.


Research and development
Costs incurred in connection with research and development activities, to the extent not recoverable from the Company’s customers, are charged to
expense as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, research and development costs charged to expense were $634 million and
$830 million, respectively.


Restructuring
Restructuring costs may include employee termination benefits, as well as other costs resulting from restructuring actions. These actions may result in
employees receiving voluntary or involuntary employee termination benefits, which are mainly pursuant to union or other contractual agreements or
statutory requirements. Voluntary termination benefits are accrued when an employee accepts the related offer. Involuntary termination benefits are
accrued upon the commitment to a termination plan and when liabilities are determined to be probable and estimable. Additional elements of severance
and termination benefits associated with nonrecurring benefits may be recognized rateably over each employee’s required future service period. All
other restructuring costs are expensed as incurred.


Earnings per Common Share
Basic earnings per Common Share are calculated on net income attributable to Magna International Inc. using the weighted average number of Common
Shares outstanding during the year.

Diluted earnings per Common Share are calculated on the weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding, including an adjustment for stock
options outstanding using the treasury stock method.

Common Shares that have not been released under the Company’s restricted stock plan or are being held in trust for purposes of the Company’s
restricted stock unit program have been excluded from the calculation of basic earnings per share, but have been included in the calculation of diluted
earnings per share.

                                                                                                                      2021 Annual Financial Statements 6
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

2. OTHER EXPENSE, NET
Other expense, net consists of significant items such as: impairment charges; restructuring costs generally related to significant plant closures or
consolidations; net (gains) losses on investments; gains or losses on disposal of facilities or businesses; and other items not reflective of on-going
operating profit or loss. Other expense, net consists of:

                                                                                                                          2021      2020
                                                   [a]
                  Restructuring and impairments                                                                          $ 101      $269
                                                     [b]
                  Net losses (gains) on investments                                                                          2       (32)
                                                       [c]
                  Merger agreement termination fee                                                                        (100)      —
                                                 [d]
                  Gain on business combinations                                                                            (40)      —
                                           [e]
                  Loss on sale of business                                                                                  75       —
                                                             [f]
                  Impairment of equity-accounted investments                                                               —         347
                  Other expense, net                                                                                     $ 38       $584

[a]   Restructuring and impairments
      For the year ended December 31, 2021, the company recorded restructuring and impairment charges of $67 million [$52 million after tax] for its
      Power & Vision segment, $18 million [$17 million after tax] for its Seating Systems segment and $16 million [$14 million after tax] for its Body
      Exteriors & Structures segment.
      During 2020, the Company recorded restructuring and impairment charges of $123 million [$118 million after tax] for its Body Exteriors &
      Structures segment, $115 million [$90 million after tax] for its Power & Vision segment and $31 million [$29 million after tax] for its Seating
      Systems segment. Of the total charges, $168 million was related to restructuring plans implemented by the Company to right-size its business in
      response to the impact that COVID-19 was expected to have on vehicle production volumes over the short to medium term. These restructuring
      plans included plant closures and workforce reductions which were substantially completed by December 31, 2021.


[b]   Net losses (gains) on investments
      For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded unrealized losses of $6 million [$12 million after tax] on the revaluation of public
      and private equity investments and unrealized gains of $4 million [$3 million after tax] related to the revaluation of public company warrants
      [note 7].
      During 2020, the Company recorded unrealized gains of $34 million [$29 million after tax] on the revaluation of its private equity investments
      and a non-cash impairment charge of $2 million [$2 million after tax] related to a private equity investment, which was included in the Corporate
      segment.


[c]   Merger agreement termination fee
      In the fourth quarter of 2021, Veoneer, Inc. [“Veoneer”] terminated its merger agreement with the Company. In connection with the termination of
      the merger agreement, Veoneer paid Magna a termination fee which, net of the Company’s associated transaction costs, amounted to $100 million
      [ $75 million after tax].

                                                                                                                      2021 Annual Financial Statements 7
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

[d]    Gain on business combinations
       During 2021, the Company acquired a 65% equity interest and a controlling financial interest in Chongqing Hongli Zhixin Scientific Technology
       Development Group LLC (“Hongli”). The acquisition included an additional 15% equity interest in two entities that were previously equity
       accounted for by the Company. On the change in basis of accounting, the Company recognized a $22 million gain [$22 million after tax] [note 5].
       The Company also recorded a gain of $18 million [$18 million after tax] in connection with the distribution of substantially all of the assets of the
       Company’s European joint venture, Getrag Ford Transmission GmbH [note 5].


[e]    Loss on sale of business
       During 2021, the Company sold three Body Exteriors & Structures operations in Germany. Under the terms of the arrangement, the Company
       provided the buyer with $41 million of funding, resulting in a loss on disposal of $75 million [$75 million after tax].


[f]    Impairment of equity-accounted investments
       The following table summarizes the impairment charges and loss on sale recorded for certain investments in our Power & Vision segment in 2020:

                                                                                                                             2020
                                                                                           (i)
                         Impairment of Getrag (Jiangxi) Transmission Co., Ltd. [“GJT”]                                       $337
                                                                                                        (ii)
                         Loss on sale and impairment of Dongfeng Getrag Transmission Co. Ltd. [“DGT”]                          10
                         Total impairments and loss on sale of equity-accounted investments                                   347
                         Tax effect on Other Expense, net                                                                     (53)
                         Loss attributable to non-controlling interests                                                       (75)
                         Non-cash impairment charge included in Net income attributable to Magna International Inc.          $219

(i)    An impairment for GJT was recorded based on pricing pressure in the China market as well as additional declines in volume and sales projections
       for the foreseeable future. In the fourth quarter of 2020, the governing documents related to GJT were revised, providing the Company with a
       controlling financial interest. As a result, the Company began consolidating GJT on December 29, 2020, the effective date of the amendments
       [note 5].
(ii)   During 2020, we recorded a $10 million [$10 million after tax] loss on the sale of our 50% interest in DGT.

                                                                                                                      2021 Annual Financial Statements 8
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

3. EARNINGS PER SHARE
Earnings per share are computed as follows:

                                                                                                                       2021       2020
                  Basic earnings per Common Share:
                  Net income attributable to Magna International Inc.                                                 $1,514     $ 757
                  Weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding during the year                                 300.6      299.7
                  Basic earnings per Common Share                                                                     $ 5.04     $ 2.52
                  Diluted earnings per Common Share [a]:
                  Net income attributable to Magna International Inc.                                                 $1,514     $ 757
                  Weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding during the year                                 300.6      299.7
                  Stock options and restricted stock                                                                     2.2        0.7
                                                                                                                       302.8      300.4
                  Diluted earnings per Common Share                                                                   $ 5.00     $ 2.52

[a]   Diluted earnings per Common Share exclude 0.4 million [2020 – 4.7 million] Common Shares issuable under the Company’s Incentive Stock
      Option Plan because these options were not “in-the-money”. The dilutive effect of participating securities using the two-class method was
      excluded from the calculation of earnings per share because the effect would be immaterial.

                                                                                                                      2021 Annual Financial Statements 9
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

4. DETAILS OF CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
[a]   Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents consist of:

                                                                                                                    2021          2020
                  Bank term deposits and bankers’ acceptances                                                   $ 1,984       $ 1,987
                  Cash                                                                                              964         1,281
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     $ 2,948       $ 3,268
                                                                           (i)
                  Restricted cash equivalents included in prepaid expenses                                          —             106
                                                                                                                $ 2,948       $ 3,374

(i)   In connection with the repayment of the credit facility, the deposit included in prepaid expenses was released [note 15].

[b]   Items not involving current cash flows:

                                                                                                                    2021          2020
                  Depreciation and amortization                                                                  $ 1,512      $ 1,366
                  Amortization of other assets included in cost of goods sold                                        255          215
                  Deferred revenue amortization                                                                     (188)         (89)
                  Other non-cash charges                                                                              25           66
                  Future tax (recovery) expenses                                                                     (76)          17
                  Equity income less than (in excess of) dividends received                                           11          (10)
                  Impairment charges                                                                                 —            435
                  Non-cash portion of Other expense, net [note 2]                                                     37          (24)
                                                                                                                 $ 1,576      $ 1,976

[c]   Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

                                                                                                                    2021          2020
                  Accounts receivable                                                                           $  114        $     (42)
                  Inventories                                                                                     (653)              37
                  Prepaid expenses and other                                                                       (39)             (12)
                  Accounts payable                                                                                 160              274
                  Accrued salaries and wages                                                                        58               (8)
                  Other accrued liabilities                                                                         48              398
                  Income taxes payable                                                                             123              (22)
                                                                                                                $ (189)       $     625

                                                                                                                    2021 Annual Financial Statements 10
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

5. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
      On March 1, 2021, substantially all of the assets of the Company’s European joint venture with Ford Motor Company [“Ford”], GFT, were
      distributed to either Ford or the Company, which resulted in the Company recording an $18 million gain [note 2]. As part of the distribution, the
      Company received GFT’s non-controlling interest in a Chinese joint venture controlled by the Company, a facility in Europe and net cash of
      $94 million.
      On January 1, 2021, the Company acquired a 65% equity interest and a controlling financial interest in Hongli, a China-based supplier of seat
      structures and related systems. The acquisition included an additional 15% equity interest in two entities that were previously equity accounted for
      by the Company. On the change in basis of accounting, the Company recognized a $22 million gain [note 2]. The total purchase price was
      $95 million [net of $17 million cash acquired]. The acquisition resulted in the recognition of goodwill of $90 million, intangible assets of
      $53 million and debt of $45 million.
      During 2020, the governing documents related to GJT were revised to extend the term of the venture and grant additional rights to the Company,
      resulting in a controlling financial interest. Accordingly, the Company recorded a $239 million disposition of its equity method investment and
      began consolidating the entity on December 29, 2020. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination, which primarily resulted in
      the recognition of cash of $98 million, fixed assets of $211 million, minority interest of $122 million and other net assets of $52 million. The
      change in the method of accounting for the entity did not have an impact on the Company’s results of operations.


6. INVENTORIES
Inventories consist of:

                                                                                                                       2021      2020
                   Raw materials and supplies                                                                         $1,598    $1,226
                   Work-in-process                                                                                       400       340
                   Finished goods                                                                                        506       470
                   Tooling and engineering                                                                             1,465     1,408
                                                                                                                      $3,969    $3,444

Tooling and engineering inventory represents costs incurred on tooling and engineering services contracts in excess of billed and unbilled amounts
included in accounts receivable.

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 11
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

7. INVESTMENTS

                                                                                                                          2021       2020
                                                [a]
                   Equity method investments                                                                            $1,031       $677
                   Public and private equity investments                                                                   358        270
                            [b]
                   Warrants                                                                                                204        —
                                                                                                                        $1,593       $947

[a]    The ownership percentages and carrying values of the Company’s principal equity method investments at December 31 were as follows [in
       millions, except percentages]:

                                                                                                                                  2021      2020
                                                 [i]
             LG Magna e-Powertrain Co., Ltd.                                                                           49.0%     $481       $—
                                           [ii]
             Litens Automotive Partnership                                                                             76.7%     $291       $273
             Hubei HAPM Magna Seating Systems Co., Ltd.                                                                49.9%     $127       $121

[i]    On July 28, 2021, the Company’s Power & Vision segment formed a joint venture with LG Electronics [“LG”], LG Magna e-Powertrain Co., Ltd.
       [“LME”], for cash consideration of $517 million. LME is a variable interest entity [“VIE”] and depends on the Company and LG for funding. The
       Company is not considered the primary beneficiary. The Company’s known maximum exposure to loss approximated the carrying value of its
       investment balance as at December 31, 2021.
              The difference between the purchase price of the Company’s investment in LME and its proportionate share of the fair value of LME’s net
              assets created a basis difference of $188 million, which has been allocated on a preliminary basis as follows:

                         Equity method goodwill                                                                              $118
                         Intangible assets                                                                                     47
                         Fixed assets                                                                                          47
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                             (24)
                         Total basis difference included in equity method investments                                        $188

              The basis differences for intangible and fixed assets are being amortized over an average estimated useful life of 8 years.

[ii]   The Company accounts for its investments under the equity method of accounting as a result of significant participating rights that prevent control.
[b]    In October 2020, the Company signed agreements with Fisker Inc. [“Fisker”] for the platform sharing, engineering and manufacturing of the
       Fisker Ocean SUV. In connection with the arrangement, Fisker issued approximately 19.5 million penny warrants to the Company to purchase
       common stock, which vest based on specified milestones. During 2021, two third of the warrants vested with a value of $201 million. The initial
       value attributable to the warrants was deferred within other accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities and is being recognized in income as
       performance obligations are satisfied.
       Cumulative unrealized gains on equity securities were $63 million and $65 million as at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

                                                                                                                    2021 Annual Financial Statements 12
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

A summary of the total financial results, as reported by the Company’s equity method investees, in the aggregate, at December 31 was as follows:


Summarized Balance Sheets

                                                                                                                      2021         2020
                   Current assets                                                                                 $ 1,825      $    1,510
                   Non-current assets                                                                             $ 1,838      $    1,748
                   Current liabilities                                                                            $ 1,269      $      873
                   Long-term liabilities                                                                          $ 450        $      835

Summarized Income Statements

                                                                                                                  2021             2020
                   Sales                                                                                      $       3,303    $    3,384
                   Cost of goods sold & expenses                                                                      3,156         3,140
                   Net income                                                                                 $         147    $      244

Sales to equity method investees were approximately $65 million and $104 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.


8. FIXED ASSETS
Fixed assets consist of:

                                                                                                                      2021         2020
                   Cost
                           Land                                                                                   $      198   $      195
                           Buildings                                                                                   2,719        2,709
                           Machinery and equipment                                                                    17,355       17,217
                                                                                                                      20,272       20,121
                   Accumulated depreciation
                       Buildings                                                                                    (1,223)      (1,147)
                       Machinery and equipment                                                                     (10,756)     (10,499)
                                                                                                                  $ 8,293      $ 8,475

Included in the cost of fixed assets are construction in progress expenditures of $1.0 billion [2020 - $1.0 billion] that have not been depreciated.

                                                                                                                      2021 Annual Financial Statements 13
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

9. GOODWILL
The following is a continuity of the Company’s goodwill by segment:

                                                                                         Body Exteriors     Power        Seating      Complete
                                                                                          & Structures     & Vision      Systems      Vehicles     Total
Balance, December 31, 2019                                                               $        453      $ 1,243       $ 169        $    111    $1,976
Acquisitions                                                                                        4          —             1             —           5
Foreign exchange and other                                                                         21           77           6              10       114
Balance, December 31, 2020                                                                        478        1,320         176             121     2,095
Acquisitions                                                                                      —             29          93             —         122
Foreign exchange and other                                                                         (7)         (80)          1              (9)      (95)
Balance, December 31, 2021                                                               $        471      $ 1,269       $ 270        $    112    $2,122


10. INCOME TAXES
[a]    The provision for income taxes differs from the expense that would be obtained by applying the Canadian statutory income tax rate as a result of
       the following:

                                                                                                                      2021         2020
                   Canadian statutory income tax rate                                                                 26.5%        26.5%
                   Tax on repatriation of foreign earnings                                                             2.9          4.4
                   Net effect of losses not benefited                                                                  1.8          8.1
                   Re-measurement of deferred tax assets [i]                                                           1.5         —
                   Foreign exchange re-measurement [ii]                                                                1.2          3.4
                   Impairment of investments [note 2]                                                                 —             8.6
                   Manufacturing and processing profits deduction                                                     (0.2)        (0.1)
                   Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets                                                         (0.7)         0.6
                   Earnings of equity accounted investees                                                             (1.3)        (3.6)
                   Reserve for uncertain tax positions                                                                (2.5)        (4.0)
                   Research and development tax credits                                                               (3.4)        (3.7)
                   Foreign rate differentials                                                                         (3.9)        (7.3)
                   Others                                                                                             (1.6)        (0.2)
                   Effective income tax rate                                                                          20.3%        32.7%

[i]    Re-measurement of deferred tax assets of a China subsidiary.
[ii]   Includes foreign exchange gains reported on U.S. dollar denominated assets for Mexican tax purposes that are not recognized for GAAP purposes
       and losses related to the re-measurement of financial statement balances of foreign subsidiaries, primarily in Mexico, that are maintained in a
       currency other than their functional currency.

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 14
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

[b]   The details of income before income taxes by jurisdiction are as follows:

                                                                                                                2021             2020
                  Canadian                                                                                  $       220      $         93
                  Foreign                                                                                         1,728               913
                                                                                                            $     1,948      $      1,006

[c]   The details of the income tax provision are as follows:

                                                                                                                2021             2020
                  Current
                  Canadian                                                                                  $           63   $           10
                  Foreign                                                                                              408              302
                                                                                                                       471              312
                  Deferred
                  Canadian                                                                                              (4)              17
                  Foreign                                                                                              (72)             —
                                                                                                                       (76)              17
                                                                                                            $          395 $            329

[d]   Deferred income taxes have been provided on temporary differences, which consist of the following:

                                                                                                                2021             2020
                  Tax on undistributed foreign earnings                                                     $           43 $             23
                  Re-measurement of deferred tax assets                                                                 28              —
                  Liabilities currently not deductible for tax                                                           5               (2)
                  Change in valuation allowance on deferred tax assets                                                 (13)               6
                  Net tax losses benefited                                                                             (22)             (38)
                  Tax depreciation (less than) in excess of book depreciation                                          (30)              50
                  Book amortization in excess of tax amortization                                                      (58)             (17)
                  Others                                                                                               (29)              (5)
                                                                                                            $          (76) $            17

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 15
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

[e]   Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following temporary differences:

                                                                                                                         2021       2020
                  Assets
                      Tax benefit of loss carryforwards                                                                 $ 766      $ 735
                      Operating lease liabilities                                                                         409        469
                      Liabilities currently not deductible for tax                                                        219        259
                      Tax credit carryforwards                                                                             84         64
                      Unrealized loss on foreign exchange hedges and retirement liabilities                                59         87
                      Others                                                                                               30         46
                                                                                                                        1,567      1,660
                  Valuation allowance against tax benefit of loss carryforwards                                          (586)      (569)
                  Other valuation allowance                                                                              (125)      (206)
                                                                                                                        $ 856      $ 885
                  Liabilities
                       Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                                415        470
                       Tax depreciation in excess of book depreciation                                                    228        239
                       Tax on undistributed foreign earnings                                                              206        163
                       Unrealized gain on remeasurement of investments                                                     12         11
                       Unrealized gain on foreign exchange hedges and retirement liabilities                               11         17
                       Other assets book value in excess of tax values                                                      3         65
                                                                                                                          875        965
                  Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                          $ (19)     $ (80)

      The net deferred tax liabilities are presented on the consolidated balance sheet in the following categories:


                                                                                                                         2021       2020
                  Long-term deferred tax assets                                                                         $ 421      $ 372
                  Long-term deferred tax liabilities                                                                     (440)      (452)
                                                                                                                        $ (19)     $ (80)

[f]   Deferred income taxes have not been provided on $4.9 billion of undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries, as the Company has
      concluded that such earnings should not give rise to additional tax liabilities upon repatriation or are indefinitely reinvested. A determination of the
      amount of the unrecognized tax liability relating to the remittance of such undistributed earnings is not practicable.
[g]   Income taxes paid in cash [net of refunds] were $341 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 [2020 - $336 million].
[h]   As of December 31, 2021, the Company had domestic and foreign operating loss carryforwards of $3.0 billion and tax credit carryforwards of
      $84 million. Approximately $1.9 billion of the operating losses can be carried forward indefinitely. The remaining operating losses and tax credit
      carryforwards expire between 2022 and 2041.
[i]   As at December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company’s gross unrecognized tax benefits were $142 million and $182 million, respectively [excluding
      interest and penalties], of which $126 million and $165 million, respectively, if recognized, would affect the Company’s effective tax rate. The
      gross unrecognized tax benefits differ from the amount that would affect the Company’s effective tax rate due primarily to the impact of the
      valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. A summary of the changes in gross unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

                                                                                                                      2021 Annual Financial Statements 16
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]
                                                                                                                             2021       2020
                    Balance, beginning of year                                                                               $182      $192
                    Increase based on tax positions related to current year                                                    11        27
                    Increase based on tax positions of prior years                                                              2       —
                    Increase related to acquisitions                                                                          —          11
                    Settlements                                                                                                (5)       (1)
                    Foreign currency translation                                                                               (5)        5
                    Statute expirations                                                                                       (43)      (52)
                                                                                                                             $142      $182

      As at December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had recorded interest and penalties on the unrecognized tax benefits of $26 million and
      $43 million, respectively, which reflects a decrease of $17 and $3 million in expenses related to changes in its reserves for interest and penalties in
      2021 and 2020, respectively.
      The Company operates in multiple jurisdictions, and its tax returns are periodically audited or subject to review by both domestic and foreign tax
      authorities. During the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that, as a result of audit settlements, the conclusion of current examinations or
      the expiration of the statute of limitations in several jurisdictions, the Company may decrease the amount of its gross unrecognized tax benefits
      [including interest and penalties] by approximately $73 million, of which $66 million, if recognized, would affect its effective tax rate.
      The Company considers its significant tax jurisdictions to include Canada, the United States, Austria, Germany, Mexico and China. With few
      exceptions, the Company remains subject to income tax examination in Germany for years after 2007, China, Mexico and Austria for years after
      2015, Canada for years after 2016 and the U.S. federal jurisdiction after 2017.


11. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Intangible assets consist of:

                                                                                                          Remaining
                                                                                                      weighted average
                                                                                                      useful life in years      2021           2020
            Cost
                   Customer relationship intangibles                                                           7              $ 386        $ 348
                   Computer software                                                                           1                 463          463
                   Patents and licenses                                                                        7                 314          282
                                                                                                                               1,163        1,093
            Accumulated depreciation
                Customer relationship intangibles                                                                               (175)        (150)
                Computer software                                                                                               (360)        (361)
                Patents and licenses                                                                                            (135)        (101)
                                                                                                                              $ 493        $ 481

The Company recorded $114 million and $85 million of amortization expense related to finite-lived intangible assets for the years ended December 31,
2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company currently estimates annual amortization expense to be $111 million for 2022, $77 million for 2023,
$59 million for 2024, $54 million for 2025 and $51 million for 2026.

                                                                                                                       2021 Annual Financial Statements 17
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

12. OTHER ASSETS
Other assets consist of:

                                                                                                                      2021      2020
                   Preproduction costs related to long-term supply agreements                                         $ 668    $ 694
                   Long-term receivables                                                                                184      209
                   Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges [note 21]                                                         11       16
                   Pension overfunded status [note 17[a]]                                                                41        4
                   Other                                                                                                 58       40
                                                                                                                      $ 962    $ 963


13. EMPLOYEE EQUITY AND PROFIT PARTICIPATION PROGRAM
During the year ended December 31, 2021, a trust which exists to make orderly purchases of the Company’s shares for employees for transfer to the
Employee Equity and Profit Participation Program [“EEPPP”], borrowed up to $38 million [2020 - $38 million] from the Company to facilitate the
purchase of Common Shares. At December 31, 2021, the trust’s indebtedness to Magna was $38 million [2020 - $38 million]. The Company nets the
receivable from the trust with the Company’s accrued EEPPP payable in accrued wages and salaries.


14. WARRANTY
The following is a continuity of the Company’s warranty accruals:

                                                                                                                       2021    2020
                   Balance, beginning of year                                                                         $ 284    $ 252
                   Expense, net                                                                                          82      164
                   Settlements                                                                                         (111)    (165)
                   Business combination                                                                                   2       21
                   Foreign exchange and other                                                                           (10)      12
                                                                                                                      $ 247    $ 284


15. DEBT
Short-term borrowings
[a]   Credit Facilities
      The Company had an agreement for a credit facility that was drawn in euros that was secured with a USD cash deposit of 105% of the outstanding
      balance. During 2021, all amounts drawn under the credit facility were repaid and the facility was terminated [note 4].
      On December 10, 2021, the Company amended its U.S. $750 million 364 day syndicated revolving credit facility, including an extension of the
      maturity date to December 9, 2022. The facility can be drawn in U.S. dollars or Canadian dollars. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has not
      borrowed any funds under this credit facility.

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 18
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

[b]   Commercial Paper Program
      The Company has a U.S. commercial paper program [the “U.S. Program”] and a euro-commercial paper program [the “euro-Program”]. Under the
      U.S. Program, the Company may issue U.S. commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount of U.S. $1 billion. The U.S. Program is
      guaranteed by the Company’s existing global credit facility. There were no amounts outstanding as at December 31, 2021 and 2020.
      Under the euro-Program, the Company may issue euro-commercial paper notes [the “euro notes”] up to a maximum aggregate amount of
      €500 million or its equivalent in alternative currencies. The euro notes issued are guaranteed by the Company’s existing global credit facility.
      There were no amounts outstanding as at December 31, 2021 and 2020.


Long-term borrowings
[a]   The Company’s long-term debt, net of unamortized issuance costs, is substantially uncollateralized and consists of the following:

                                                                                                                       2021            2020
                  Senior Notes [note 15 [c]]
                       Cdn$425 million Senior Notes due 2022 at 3.100%                                                $ 336        $ 333
                       €550 million Senior Notes due 2023 at 1.900%                                                     625          671
                       $750 million Senior Notes due 2024 at 3.625%                                                     748          748
                       $650 million Senior Notes due 2025 at 4.150%                                                     647          646
                       €600 million Senior Notes due 2027 at 1.500%                                                     681          730
                       $750 million Senior Notes due 2030 at 2.450%                                                     742          741
                  Bank term debt at a weighted average interest rate of approximately 4.86% [2020 – 4.23%],
                    denominated primarily in Chinese renminbi, Brazilian real, euro and Indian rupee                    187             189
                  Government loans at a weighted average interest rate of approximately 0.13% [2020 –
                    1.54%], denominated primarily in euro, Canadian dollar and Brazilian real                              8           32
                  Other                                                                                                   19           12
                                                                                                                       3,993        4,102
                  Less due within one year                                                                               455          129
                                                                                                                      $3,538       $3,973

[b]   Future principal repayments on long-term debt are estimated to be as follows:

                        2022                                                                                                  $ 455
                        2023                                                                                                     692
                        2024                                                                                                     771
                        2025                                                                                                     651
                        2026                                                                                                       3
                        Thereafter                                                                                             1,437
                                                                                                                              $4,009

                                                                                                                   2021 Annual Financial Statements 19
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

[c]   All of the Senior Notes pay a fixed rate of interest semi-annually except for the €550 million and €600 million Senior Notes which pay a fixed rate
      of interest annually. The Senior Notes are unsecured obligations and do not include any financial covenants. The Company may redeem the Senior
      Notes in whole or in part at any time, at specified redemption prices determined in accordance with the terms of each of the respective indentures
      governing the Senior Notes. All of the Senior Notes were issued for general corporate purposes.
[d]   On April 28, 2021, the Company amended its $2.75 billion revolving credit facility, including an extension of the maturity date for $2.6 billion
      from June 24, 2024 to June 24, 2026. The facility includes a $200 million Asian tranche, a $150 million Mexican tranche and a tranche for
      Canada, U.S. and Europe, which is fully transferable between jurisdictions and can be drawn in U.S. dollars, Canadian dollars or euros. As at
      December 31, 2021 and 2020, $6 million and $13 million was outstanding, respectively.
[e]   Interest expense, net includes:

                                                                                                                      2021       2020
                  Interest expense
                       Current                                                                                        $ 12       $  9
                       Long-term                                                                                       110         96
                                                                                                                       122        105
                  Interest income                                                                                      (44)       (19)
                  Interest expense, net                                                                               $ 78       $ 86

[f]   Interest paid in cash was $122 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 [2020 - $104 million].

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 20
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

16.   LEASES
The Company has entered into leases primarily for real estate, manufacturing equipment and vehicles with terms that range from 1 year to 8.5 years,
excluding land use rights which generally extend over 90 years. These leases often include options to extend the term of the lease, most often for a
period of 5 years. When it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised, the impact of the option is included in the lease term for purposes of
determining total future lease payments.

Costs associated with the Company’s operating lease expense were as follows:

                                                                                                                              2021
                         Operating lease expense                                                                        $           325
                         Short-term lease expense                                                                                    16
                         Variable lease expense                                                                                      26
                         Total lease expense                                                                            $           367

Supplemental information related to the Company’s operating leases was as follows:

                                                                                                                             2021
                         Operating cash flows – cash paid                                                                $      373
                         New right-of-use assets                                                                         $       91
                         Weighted-average remaining lease term                                                               9 years
                         Weighted-average discount rate                                                                          4.5%

At December 31, 2021, the Company had commitments under operating leases requiring annual payments as follows:

                                                                                                                              Total
                         2022                                                                                           $         300
                         2023                                                                                                     268
                         2024                                                                                                     234
                         2025                                                                                                     205
                         2026                                                                                                     176
                         2027 and thereafter                                                                                      835
                                                                                                                                2,018
                         Less: amount representing interest                                                                       338
                         Total lease liabilities                                                                        $       1,680
                         Current operating liabilities                                                                  $         274
                         Non-current operating lease liabilities                                                                1,406
                         Total lease liabilities                                                                        $       1,680

As of December 31, 2021, the Company had additional operating leases, primarily for manufacturing facilities, that had not yet commenced of
$12 million. These operating leases will commence during 2022 and have lease terms of 1 to 10 years.

The Company’s finance leases were not material for any of the periods presented.

                                                                                                                    2021 Annual Financial Statements 21
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

17. LONG-TERM EMPLOYEE BENEFIT LIABILITIES
Long-term employee benefit liabilities consist of:

                                                                                                                       2021    2020
                  Defined benefit pension plans and other [a]                                                         $196    $216
                  Termination and long-term service arrangements [b]                                                   456     468
                  Retirement medical benefits plans [c]                                                                 26      29
                  Other long-term employee benefits                                                                     22      16
                  Long-term employee benefit obligations                                                              $700    $729


[a]   Defined benefit pension plans
      The Company sponsors a number of defined benefit pension plans and similar arrangements for its employees. All pension plans are funded to at
      least the minimum legal funding requirements, while European defined benefit pension plans are unfunded.
      The weighted average significant actuarial assumptions adopted in measuring the Company’s obligations and costs are as follows:

                                                                                                                      2021    2020
                  Projected benefit obligation
                       Discount rate                                                                                  2.4%     2.1%
                       Rate of compensation increase                                                                  2.7%     2.4%
                  Net periodic benefit cost
                       Discount rate                                                                                  2.3%     2.8%
                       Rate of compensation increase                                                                  2.6%     2.4%
                       Expected return on plan assets                                                                 4.1%     4.6%

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 22
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

      Information about the Company’s defined benefit pension plans is as follows:

                                                                                                                      2021     2020
                  Projected benefit obligation
                       Beginning of year                                                                              $ 731    $ 659
                       Current service cost                                                                              10       10
                       Interest cost                                                                                     12       17
                       Actuarial (gains) losses and changes in actuarial assumptions                                    (37)      43
                       Benefits paid                                                                                    (27)     (23)
                       Divestiture                                                                                       11      —
                       Foreign exchange                                                                                 (11)      25
                  End of year                                                                                           689      731
                  Plan assets at fair value [i]
                       Beginning of year                                                                                517      478
                       Return on plan assets                                                                             25       42
                       Employer contributions                                                                            12        9
                       Benefits paid                                                                                    (23)     (18)
                       Foreign exchange                                                                                   1        6
                  End of year                                                                                           532      517
                  Ending funded status – Plan deficit                                                                 $ 157    $ 214
                  Amounts recorded in the consolidated balance sheet
                       Non-current asset [note 12]                                                                    $ (41)   $  (4)
                       Current liability                                                                                  2        2
                       Non-current liability                                                                            196      216
                  Net amount                                                                                          $ 157    $ 214
                  Amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income Unrecognized actuarial
                   losses                                                                                             $(112)   $(158)
                  Net periodic benefit cost
                       Current service cost                                                                           $ 10     $ 10
                       Interest cost                                                                                     12       17
                       Return on plan assets                                                                            (21)     (21)
                       Actuarial losses                                                                                   8        5
                  Net periodic benefit cost                                                                           $ 9      $ 11

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 23
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

      [i]    The asset allocation of the Company’s defined benefit pension plans at December 31, 2021 and the target allocation for 2022 is as follows:

                                                                                                                       2022       2021
                  Fixed income securities                                                                              55-80%       63%
                  Equity securities                                                                                    25-50%       33%
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                             0-10%        4%
                                                                                                                         100%      100%

      Substantially all of the plan assets’ fair value has been determined using significant observable inputs [level 2] from indirect market prices on
      regulated financial exchanges.
      The expected rate of return on plan assets was determined by considering the Company’s current investment mix, the historic performance of
      these investment categories and expected future performance of these investment categories.


[b]   Termination and long-term service arrangements
      Pursuant to labour laws and national labour agreements in certain European countries and Mexico, the Company is obligated to provide lump sum
      termination payments to employees on retirement or involuntary termination, and long service payments contingent upon persons reaching a
      predefined number of years of service.
      The weighted average significant actuarial assumptions adopted in measuring the Company’s projected termination and long-term service benefit
      obligations and net periodic benefit cost are as follows:

                                                                                                                       2021       2020
                  Discount rate                                                                                         2.4%       2.1%
                  Rate of compensation increase                                                                         3.1%       3.1%

                                                                                                                    2021 Annual Financial Statements 24
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

      Information about the Company’s termination and long-term service arrangements is as follows:

                                                                                                                      2021     2020
                  Projected benefit obligation
                       Beginning of year                                                                              $ 478    $ 446
                       Current service cost                                                                              23       32
                       Interest cost                                                                                      9        8
                       Actuarial losses (gains) and changes in actuarial assumptions                                     10      (13)
                       Benefits paid                                                                                    (23)     (27)
                       Foreign exchange                                                                                 (30)      32
                  Ending funded status – Plan deficit                                                                 $ 467    $ 478
                  Amounts recorded in the consolidated balance sheet
                       Current liability                                                                              $ 11     $ 10
                       Non-current liability                                                                            456      468
                  Net amount                                                                                          $ 467    $ 478
                  Amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income Unrecognized actuarial
                   losses                                                                                             $(112)   $(106)
                  Net periodic benefit cost
                       Current service cost                                                                           $ 23     $ 32
                       Interest cost                                                                                     9        8
                       Actuarial losses                                                                                  4        6
                  Net periodic benefit cost                                                                           $ 36     $ 46

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 25
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

[c]   Retirement medical benefits plans
      The Company sponsors a number of retirement medical plans which were assumed on certain acquisitions in prior years. These plans are frozen to
      new employees and incur no current service costs.
      In addition, the Company sponsors a retirement medical benefits plan that was amended during 2009 such that substantially all employees retiring
      on or after August 1, 2009 no longer participate in the plan.
      The weighted average discount rates used in measuring the Company’s projected retirement medical benefit obligations and net periodic benefit
      cost are as follows:

                                                                                                                      2021     2020
                  Retirement medical benefit obligations                                                              2.8%     2.4%
                  Net periodic benefit cost                                                                           2.4%     3.1%
                  Health care cost inflation                                                                          6.4%     6.6%

      Information about the Company’s retirement medical benefits plans are as follows:

                                                                                                                        2021   2020
                  Projected benefit obligation
                       Beginning of year                                                                               $ 30    $ 29
                       Interest cost                                                                                      1       1
                       Actuarial (gains) losses and changes in actuarial assumptions                                     (3)      1
                       Benefits paid                                                                                     (1)     (1)
                  Ending funded status – Plan deficit                                                                  $ 27    $ 30
                  Amounts recorded in the consolidated balance sheet
                       Current liability                                                                               $  1    $  1
                       Non-current liability                                                                             26      29
                  Net amount                                                                                           $ 27    $ 30
                  Amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income Unrecognized actuarial gains                10        6
                  Total accumulated other comprehensive income                                                         $ 10    $   6
                  Net periodic benefit cost
                       Interest cost                                                                                   $  1    $  1
                       Actuarial gains                                                                                   (1)     (1)
                  Net periodic benefit cost                                                                            $—      $—

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 26
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

[d]   Future benefit payments

                                                                                                          Termination
                                                                                           Defined          and long        Retirement
                                                                                            benefit          service         medical
                                                                                         pension plans   arrangements      benefits plans    Total
      Expected employer contributions - 2022                                             $         13    $        11       $           1    $ 25
      Expected benefit payments:
          2022                                                                           $        26     $       11        $          1     $ 38
          2023                                                                                    25             14                   1       40
          2024                                                                                    26             17                   1       44
          2025                                                                                    27             19                   2       48
          2026                                                                                    29             25                   2       56
          Thereafter                                                                             162            131                   8      301
                                                                                         $       295     $      217        $         15     $527


18. OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES
Other long-term liabilities consist of:

                                                                                                                        2021       2020
                   Long-term portion of income taxes payable                                                            $147      $199
                   Deferred revenue                                                                                      127        52
                   Asset retirement obligation                                                                            37        39
                   Long-term portion of fair value of hedges [note 21]                                                     8         5
                   Other                                                                                                  57        37
                                                                                                                        $376      $332


19. CAPITAL STOCK
[a]   At December 31, 2021, the Company’s authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock are as follows:


      Preference shares - issuable in series -
      The Company’s authorized capital stock includes 99,760,000 preference shares, issuable in series. None of these shares are currently issued or
      outstanding.


      Common Shares -
      Common Shares without par value [unlimited amount authorized] have the following attributes:
      [i]     Each share is entitled to one vote per share at all meetings of shareholders.
      [ii]    Each share shall participate equally as to dividends.
[b]   On November 10, 2021, the Toronto Stock Exchange [“TSX”] accepted the Company’s Notice of Intention to make a Normal Course Issuer Bid
      relating to the purchase for cancellation, as well as purchases to fund the Company’s stock-based compensation awards or programs and/or the
      Company’s obligations to its deferred profit sharing plans, of up to 29.9 million Magna Common Shares [the “2021 Bid”], representing
      approximately 10% of the Company’s public float of Common Shares. The Bid commenced on November 15, 2021 and will terminate no later
      than November 14, 2022.

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 27
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

      Previously, the Company had Normal Course Issuer Bids in place for the 12 month periods beginning in November 2020 and 2019.
      The following is a summary of the Normal Course Issuer Bids [number of shares in the table below are expressed in whole numbers]:

                                                                                                           2021                        2020
                                                                                                    Shares         Cash         Shares         Cash
                                                                                                   purchased      amount       purchased      amount
      2019 Bid                                                                                           —        $ —         5,077,882       $ 203
      2020 Bid                                                                                     3,318,523        301             —           —
      2021 Bid                                                                                     2,673,800        216             —           —
                                                                                                   5,992,323      $ 517       5,077,882       $ 203

[c]   The following table presents the maximum number of shares that would be outstanding if all the dilutive instruments outstanding at March 3, 2022
      were exercised or converted:

                        Common Shares                                                                                 296,643,367
                                      [i]
                        Stock options                                                                                   6,090,512
                                                                                                                      302,733,879

[i]   Options to purchase Common Shares are exercisable by the holder in accordance with the vesting provisions and upon payment of the exercise
      price as may be determined from time to time pursuant to the Company’s stock option plans.

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 28
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

20. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
The following is a continuity schedule of accumulated other comprehensive loss:

                                                                                                                      2021     2020
                  Accumulated net unrealized loss on translation of net investment in foreign operations
                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                     $(551)   $(907)
                       Net unrealized (loss) gain                                                                      (187)     348
                       Repurchase of shares under normal course issuer bids [note 19]                                     3        8
                       Balance, end of year                                                                            (735)    (551)
                  Accumulated net unrealized gain on cash flow hedges [b]
                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                        42       38
                       Net unrealized gains (loss)                                                                       34      (34)
                       Reclassification of net (loss) gain to net income [a]                                            (52)      38
                       Balance, end of year                                                                              24       42
                  Accumulated net unrealized loss on other long-term liabilities [b]
                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                      (224)    (221)
                       Net unrealized gains (loss)                                                                       26      (11)
                       Reclassification of net gain to net income [a]                                                     9        8
                       Balance, end of year                                                                            (189)    (224)
                  Total accumulated other comprehensive loss [c]                                                      $(900)   $(733)

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 29
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

[a]   The effects on net income of amounts reclassified from AOCL, with presentation location, were as follows:

                                                                                                                      2021     2020
                  Cash flow hedges
                       Sales                                                                                          $ 49     $(30)
                       Cost of sales                                                                                    21      (21)
                       Income tax                                                                                      (18)      13
                  Net of tax                                                                                            52      (38)
                  Other long-term liabilities
                       Cost of sales                                                                                   (11)      (9)
                       Income tax                                                                                        2        1
                  Net of tax                                                                                            (9)      (8)
                  Total gain (loss) reclassified to net income                                                        $ 43     $(46)

[b]   The amount of income tax benefit that has been allocated to each component of other comprehensive loss is as follows:

                                                                                                                      2021     2020
                  Accumulated net unrealized loss on translation of net investment in foreign operations              $ 4      $ 7
                  Accumulated net unrealized gain on cash flow hedges
                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                      (15)     (14)
                       Net unrealized (gain) loss                                                                      (11)      12
                       Reclassification of net loss to net income                                                       18      (13)
                  Balance, end of year                                                                                  (8)     (15)
                  Accumulated net unrealized loss on other long-term liabilities
                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                       35       35
                       Net unrealized loss                                                                              (8)       1
                       Reclassification of net loss to net income                                                       (2)      (1)
                  Balance, end of year                                                                                  25       35
                  Total income tax benefit                                                                            $ 21     $ 27

[c]   The amount of other comprehensive loss that is expected to be reclassified to net income during 2022 is $26 million.

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 30
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
[a]   Foreign exchange contracts
      At December 31, 2021, the Company had outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts representing commitments to buy and sell various
      foreign currencies. Significant commitments are as follows:

                                                                                                        For Canadian dollars        For U.S. dollars
                                                                                                         U.S.      Weighted                  Weighted
      Buy                                                                                               dollar     average        Peso        average
      (Sell)                                                                                           amount         rate       amount         rate
      2022                                                                                                176         1.26579     7,453      0.04619
      2022                                                                                               (851)        0.78014        (6)    21.20347
      2023                                                                                                 12         1.28866     4,835      0.04394
      2023                                                                                               (457)        0.78021        (8)    23.51812
      2024                                                                                                —               —       1,027      0.04208
      2024                                                                                               (236)        0.77730       —            —
      2025                                                                                                (62)        0.77950       —            —
                                                                                                       (1,418)                   13,301

                                                                                                                           For euros
                                                                                                         U.S       Weighted        Czech     Weighted
      Buy                                                                                               dollar     average        koruna     average
      (Sell)                                                                                           amount        rate         amount       rate
      2022                                                                                               137       0.84650       4,952       0.03808
      2022                                                                                              (121)      1.18728         —             —
      2023                                                                                                53       0.82876       3,196       0.03739
      2023                                                                                               (74)      1.19265         —             —
      2024                                                                                                11       0.82746       1,227       0.03652
      2024                                                                                               (18)      1.21729         —             —
      2025                                                                                                (3)      1.18615         —             —
                                                                                                         (15)                    9,375

      Based on forward foreign exchange rates as at December 31, 2021 for contracts with similar remaining terms to maturity, the pre-tax gains and
      losses relating to the Company’s foreign exchange forward contracts recognized in other comprehensive income were $66 million and
      $14 million, respectively [note 20].
      The Company does not enter into foreign exchange forward contracts for speculative purposes.

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 31
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

[b]   Financial assets and liabilities
      The Company’s financial assets and liabilities consist of the following:

                                                                                                                    2021          2020
                  Financial assets
                      Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents                                    $ 2,948       $ 3,374
                      Accounts receivable                                                                         6,307         6,394
                      Warrants and public and private equity investments                                            561           267
                      Long-term receivables included in other assets [note 12]                                      184           209
                                                                                                                $10,000       $10,244
                  Financial liabilities
                      Long-term debt (including portion due within one year)                                    $ 3,993       $ 4,102
                      Accounts payable                                                                            6,465         6,266
                                                                                                                $10,458       $10,368
                  Derivatives designated as effective hedges, measured at fair value
                      Foreign currency contracts
                            Prepaid expenses                                                                    $       34    $      52
                            Other assets                                                                                11           16
                            Other accrued liabilities                                                                  (12)         (11)
                            Other long-term liabilities                                                                 (8)          (5)
                                                                                                                $       25    $      52

                                                                                                                    2021 Annual Financial Statements 32
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

[c]   Derivatives designated as effective hedges, measured at fair value
      The Company presents derivatives that are designated as effective hedges at gross fair values in the consolidated balance sheets. However, master
      netting and other similar arrangements allow net settlements under certain conditions. The following table shows the Company’s derivative
      foreign currency contracts at gross fair value as reflected in the consolidated balance sheets and the unrecognized impacts of master netting
      arrangements:

                                                                                             Gross                  Gross
                                                                                            amounts                amounts
                                                                                           presented              not offset
                                                                                        in consolidated        in consolidated         Net
                                                                                         balance sheets         balance sheets       amounts
            December 31, 2021
                Assets                                                                  $           45         $           14        $    31
                Liabilities                                                             $          (20)        $          (14)       $    (6)
            December 31, 2020
                Assets                                                                  $           68         $           13        $    55
                Liabilities                                                             $          (16)        $          (13)       $    (3)

[d]   Fair value
      The Company determined the estimated fair values of its financial instruments based on valuation methodologies it believes are appropriate;
      however, considerable judgment is required to develop these estimates. Accordingly, these estimated fair values are not necessarily indicative of
      the amounts the Company could realize in a current market exchange. The estimated fair value amounts can be materially affected by the use of
      different assumptions or methodologies. The methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments are described
      below:


      Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable.
      Due to the short period to maturity of the instruments, the carrying values as presented in the consolidated balance sheets are reasonable estimates
      of fair values.


      Publicly traded and private equity securities
      The fair value of the Company’s investments in publicly traded equity securities is determined using the closing price on the measurement date, as
      reported on the stock exchange on which the securities are traded. [Level 1 input based on the GAAP fair value hierarchy.]
      The Company estimates the value of its private equity securities based on valuation methods using the observable transaction price at the
      transaction date and other observable inputs including rights and obligations of the securities held by the Company. [Level 3 input based on the
      GAAP fair value hierarchy.]


      Warrants
      The Company estimates the value of its warrants based on the quoted prices in the active market for Fisker’s common shares. [Level 2 inputs
      based on the GAAP fair value hierarchy.]


      Term debt
      The Company’s term debt includes $455 million due within one year. Due to the short period to maturity of this debt, the carrying value as
      presented in the consolidated balance sheets is a reasonable estimate of its fair value.

                                                                                                                   2021 Annual Financial Statements 33
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

      Senior Notes
      The fair value of our Senior Notes are classified as Level 1 when we use quoted prices in active markets and Level 2 when the quoted prices are
      from less active markets or when other observable inputs are used to determine fair value. At December 31, 2021, the net book value of the
      Company’s Senior Notes was $3.8 billion and the estimated fair value was $4.0 billion.


[e]   Credit risk
      The Company’s financial assets that are exposed to credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and foreign
      exchange and commodity forward contracts with positive fair values.
      Cash and cash equivalents, which consist of short-term investments, are only invested in bank term deposits and bank commercial paper with an
      investment grade credit rating. Credit risk is further reduced by limiting the amount which is invested in certain major financial institutions.
      The Company is also exposed to credit risk from the potential default by any of its counterparties on its foreign exchange forward contracts. The
      Company mitigates this credit risk by dealing with counterparties who are major financial institutions that the Company anticipates will satisfy
      their obligations under the contracts.
      In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to credit risk from its customers, substantially all of which are in the automotive
      industry and are subject to credit risks associated with the automotive industry. For the year ended December 31, 2021, sales to the Company’s six
      largest customers represented 78% [2020 - 78%] of the Company’s total sales; and substantially all of its sales are to customers in which the
      Company has ongoing contractual relationships. In determining the allowance for expected credit losses, the Company considers changes in
      customer’s credit ratings, liquidity, customer’s historical payments and loss experience, current economic conditions and the Company’s
      expectations of future economic conditions.


[f]   Currency risk
      The Company is exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates when manufacturing facilities have committed to the delivery of products for
      which the selling price has been quoted in currencies other than the facilities’ functional currency, and when materials and equipment are
      purchased in currencies other than the facilities’ functional currency. In an effort to manage this net foreign exchange exposure, the Company
      employs hedging programs, primarily through the use of foreign exchange forward contracts [note 21[a]].


[g]   Interest rate risk
      The Company is not exposed to significant interest rate risk due to the short-term maturity of its monetary current assets and current liabilities. In
      particular, the amount of interest income earned on cash and cash equivalents is impacted more by investment decisions made and the demands to
      have available cash on hand, than by movements in interest rates over a given period.
      In addition, the Company is not exposed to interest rate risk on its term debt and Senior Notes as the interest rates on these instruments are fixed.


[h]   Equity price risk
      Public equity securities and warrants
      The Company’s public equity securities and warrants are subject to market price risk due to the risk of loss in value that would result from a
      decline in the market price of the common shares or underlying common shares.

                                                                                                                    2021 Annual Financial Statements 34
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

22. CONTINGENCIES
      From time to time, the Company may become involved in regulatory proceedings, or become liable for legal, contractual and other claims by
      various parties, including customers, suppliers, former employees, class action plaintiffs and others. On an ongoing basis, the Company attempts
      to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these proceedings or claims, together with potential ranges of probable costs and
      losses. A determination of the provision required, if any, for these contingencies is made after analysis of each individual issue. The required
      provision may change in the future due to new developments in each matter or changes in approach such as a change in settlement strategy in
      dealing with these matters.
      [a]    In September 2014, the Conselho Administrativo de Defesa Economica [“CADE”], Brazil’s Federal competition authority, attended at one
             of the Company’s operating divisions in Brazil to obtain information in connection with an ongoing antitrust investigation relating to
             suppliers of automotive door latches and related products [“access mechanisms”].
             In May 2019, CADE informed the Company that it completed its preliminary investigation and, based on a review of the evidence, had
             commenced a formal administrative proceeding into alleged anticompetitive behaviour relating to access mechanisms involving the
             Company.
             Administrative proceedings of this nature can often continue for several years. At this time, management is unable to predict the duration
             or outcome of the Brazilian administrative proceeding, including whether any operating divisions of the Company will be found liable for
             any violation of law or the extent or magnitude of any liability, if any. In the event that wrongful conduct is found, CADE may impose
             administrative penalties or fines taking into account several mitigating and aggravating factors. Administrative fines are tied to the sales in
             Brazil of the applicable Magna companies in the fiscal year prior to the commencement of the formal administrative proceeding.
             The Company’s policy is to comply with all applicable laws, including antitrust and competition laws. Based on a previously completed
             global review of legacy antitrust risks which led to a September 2020 settlement with the European Commission where Magna received
             full immunity regarding two separate bilateral cartels involving the supply of closure systems, Magna does not currently anticipate any
             material liabilities. However, we could be subject to restitution settlements, civil proceedings, reputational damage and other
             consequences, including as a result of the matters specifically referred to above.
      [b]    The Company is at risk for product warranty costs, which include product liability and recall costs, and is currently experiencing increased
             customer pressure to assume greater warranty responsibility. For most types of products, the Company only accounts for existing or
             probable product warranty claims. However, for certain complete vehicle assembly, powertrain systems and electronics contracts, the
             Company records an estimate of future warranty-related costs based on the terms of the specific customer agreements and/or the
             Company’s warranty experience. Product liability and recall provisions are established based on the Company’s best estimate of the
             amounts necessary to settle existing claims, which typically take into account: the number of units that may be returned; the cost of the
             product being replaced; labour to remove and replace the defective part; and the customer’s administrative costs relating to the recall.
             Where applicable, such provisions are booked net of recoveries from sub-suppliers and along with related insurance recoveries. Due to the
             uncertain nature of the net costs, actual product liability costs could be materially different from the Company’s best estimates of future
             costs [note 14].

                                                                                                                   2021 Annual Financial Statements 35
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

23. SEGMENTED INFORMATION
[a]   Magna is a global automotive supplier which has complete vehicle engineering and contract manufacturing expertise, as well as product
      capabilities which include body, chassis, exterior, seating, powertrain, active driver assistance, electronics, mirrors & lighting, mechatronics and
      roof systems. Magna also has electronic and software capabilities across many of these areas.
      The Company is organized under four operating segments: Body Exteriors & Structures, Power & Vision, Seating Systems and Complete
      Vehicles. These segments have been determined on the basis of technological opportunities, product similarities, and market and operating factors,
      and are also the Company’s reportable segments.
      The Company’s chief operating decision maker uses Adjusted Earnings before Interest and Income Taxes [“Adjusted EBIT”] as the measure of
      segment profit or loss, since management believes Adjusted EBIT is the most appropriate measure of operational profitability or loss for its
      reporting segments. Adjusted EBIT is calculated by taking Net income and adding back Income taxes, Interest expense, net, and Other expense,
      net.
      The accounting policies of each segment are the same as those set out under “Significant Accounting Policies” [note 1]. All intersegment sales and
      transfers are accounted for at fair market value.

                                                                                                                    2021 Annual Financial Statements 36
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

[a]   The following tables show segment information for the Company’s reporting segments and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBIT to the Company’s
      consolidated income before income taxes:

                                                                                                                              2021
                                                                                                                                     Depreciation    Equity
                                                                                             Total          External      Adjusted      and            loss
                                                                                             sales           sales         EBIT      amortization   (income)
Body Exteriors & Structures                                                                $14,477      $ 14,196          $   820    $        743   $   13
Power & Vision                                                                              11,342        11,129              738             554     (134)
Seating Systems                                                                              4,891         4,851              152              92       (9)
Complete Vehicles                                                                            6,106         6,057              287             103      (10)
Corporate & Other [i]                                                                         (574)            9               67              20       (8)
Total Reportable Segments                                                                  $36,242      $ 36,242          $ 2,064    $      1,512   $ (148)

                                                                                                                              2020
                                                                                                                                     Depreciation
                                                                                             Total          External      Adjusted       and         Equity
                                                                                             sales           sales         EBIT      amortization    income
Body Exteriors & Structures                                                                $13,550      $ 13,292          $   817    $        727   $  —
Power & Vision                                                                               9,722         9,553              495             464     (179)
Seating Systems                                                                              4,455         4,433              107              73       (6)
Complete Vehicles                                                                            5,415         5,363              274              84       (3)
Corporate & Other [i]                                                                         (495)            6              (17)             18       (1)
Total Reportable Segments                                                                  $32,647      $ 32,647          $ 1,676    $      1,366   $ (189)

                                                                                                                              2021
                                                                                                                                         Fixed        Fixed
                                                                                              Net                                        assets,      asset
                                                                                             assets     Investments       Goodwill        net       additions
Body Exteriors & Structures                                                                $ 7,349      $         15      $   471    $      4,599   $   711
Power & Vision                                                                               6,066               735        1,269           2,620       522
Seating Systems                                                                              1,379               147          270             485        73
Complete Vehicles                                                                              623                93          112             501        54
Corporate & Other [i]                                                                          813               603          —                88        12
Total Reportable Segments                                                                  $16,230      $      1,593      $ 2,122    $      8,293   $ 1,372

                                                                                                                              2020
                                                                                                                                         Fixed        Fixed
                                                                                              Net                                        assets,      asset
                                                                                             assets     Investments       Goodwill         net      additions
Body Exteriors & Structures                                                                $ 7,536      $         31      $   478    $      4,725   $   581
Power & Vision                                                                               5,529               371        1,320           2,666       440
Seating Systems                                                                              1,118               144          176             418        70
Complete Vehicles                                                                              671                80          121             578        34
Corporate & Other [i]                                                                          710               321          —                88        20
Total Reportable Segments                                                                  $15,564      $        947      $ 2,095    $      8,475   $ 1,145

[i]   Included in Corporate and Other Adjusted EBIT are intercompany fees charged to the automotive segments.

                                                                                                                       2021 Annual Financial Statements 37
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

[b]   The following table reconciles Net income from operations to Adjusted EBIT:

                                                                                                                  2021          2020
                  Net Income                                                                                    $ 1,553     $      677
                       Add:
                           Interest expense, net                                                                     78          86
                           Other expense, net                                                                        38         584
                           Income taxes                                                                             395         329
                  Adjusted EBIT                                                                                 $ 2,064     $ 1,676

[c]   The following table shows Net Assets for the Company’s reporting segments:

                                                                                                                  2021          2020
                  Total Assets                                                                                  $29,086     $28,605
                  Deduct assets not included in segment net assets:
                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   (2,948)       (3,268)
                      Deferred tax assets                                                                           (421)         (372)
                      Long-term receivables from joint venture partners                                              (15)          (66)
                  Deduct liabilities included in segment net assets:
                      Accounts payable                                                                           (6,465)     (6,266)
                      Accrued salaries and wages                                                                   (851)       (815)
                      Other accrued liabilities                                                                  (2,156)     (2,254)
                  Segment Net Assets                                                                            $16,230     $15,564

[d]   The following table aggregates external revenues by customer as follows:

                                                                                                                  2021          2020
                  BMW                                                                                           $ 5,680     $ 4,714
                  Daimler AG                                                                                      5,032       4,596
                  General Motors                                                                                  4,884       4,921
                  Stellantis                                                                                      4,683       3,958
                  Ford Motor Company                                                                              4,205       4,004
                  Volkswagen                                                                                      3,717       3,510
                  Other                                                                                           8,041       6,944
                                                                                                                $36,242     $32,647

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 38
MAGNA INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
[All amounts in U.S. dollars and all tabular amounts in millions, except per share figures, unless otherwise noted]

[e]   The following table summarizes external revenues and long-lived assets by geographic region:

                                                                                                           External Sales         Fixed Assets, Net
                                                                                                         2021          2020      2021          2020
      North America
          United States                                                                                $ 8,612        $ 8,210   $1,686      $1,610
          Canada                                                                                         4,253          4,144      960         974
          Mexico                                                                                         3,833          3,359    1,210       1,247
                                                                                                        16,698         15,713    3,856       3,831
      Europe
          Austria                                                                                        7,661          6,817      771          867
          Germany                                                                                        3,989          4,366      972        1,095
          Czech Republic                                                                                   931            912      274          293
          Poland                                                                                           610            535      220          221
          Russia                                                                                           371            345      110          120
          Spain                                                                                            331            323       79           82
          United Kingdom                                                                                   344            292      208          214
          Italy                                                                                            296            256      237          265
          Turkey                                                                                           293            247        6            9
          France                                                                                           262            142       58           62
          Slovakia                                                                                         204            126      273          283
          Other Europe                                                                                     139            111      208          222
                                                                                                        15,431         14,472    3,416        3,733
      Asia Pacific
          China                                                                                          3,534          1,921      875         758
          India                                                                                            147             79       83          89
          Other Asia Pacific                                                                                21             31        7           6
                                                                                                         3,702          2,031      965         853
      Rest of World                                                                                        411            431       56          58
                                                                                                       $36,242        $32,647   $8,293      $8,475


24.   SUBSEQUENT EVENT
NORMAL COURSE ISSUER BID
Subsequent to December 31, 2021, we purchased 1,600,500 Common Shares for cancellation and 165,773 Common Shares to satisfy stock-based
compensation awards each under our existing normal course issuer bid for cash consideration of $132 million.


SENIOR NOTES REDEMPTION
On February 28, 2022, the Company redeemed for cash the entire aggregate principle amount outstanding of the Cdn$425 million 3.100% Senior Notes
due 2022 [“the Notes”]. The redemption price for the Notes was Cdn$430 million, resulting in a loss on early extinguishment of Cdn$5 million that
reflects the payment of the premium to redeem the Notes and the write-off of the unamortized debt issuance costs.

                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Financial Statements 39
