Blackwell Global Holdings Limited (NZX: BGI)

Half year preliminary unaudited announcement for the 6 months ended 30 September
2019

Commentary
AUCKLAND, New Zealand, 25 November 2019 – The Board of Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
(NZX: BGI) is pleased to announce the preliminary unaudited half year results of the business for the
6 months ended 30 September 2019.

Results for Announcement to the Market


 Reporting Period                          6 months to 30 September 2019

 Previous reporting period                 6 months to 30 September 2018


                                                  Amount (000s)               Percentage change
 Revenue from ordinary activities                            $NZ336                  44.2%
 Loss from ordinary activities after tax                    $NZ(324)                 (4.8)%
 attributable to security holder
 Net profit attributable to                                 $NZ(324)                 (4.8)%
 shareholders


 Interim/Final Dividend                    Amount per share               Imputed amount per
                                                                          share
 The Company does not propose to pay       Not applicable                 Not applicable
 a dividend at this time.


 Record Date                               Not applicable
 Dividend Payment Date                     Not applicable


 Comments:                                 See below




                                                                                                    1
Blackwell Global Holdings Limited (NZX: BGI)

Half year preliminary unaudited announcement for the 6 months ended 30 September
2019

Results

During the course of the first 6 months of the financial year the Group’s focus has been on:

         continuing to develop its’ internal operational infrastructure to provide a platform for
          growing its finance company operations;
         deploying its funds towards good quality, moderate margin loan receivables. To this end, the
          Group has to date:
          ‐ funded fifteen separate loan facilities;
         deployed total funds to date of $9,706,245 with loans structured across a mix of capitalised
          interest arrangements, and interest only loans. The loans have all been secured by first
          ranking mortgage securities over quality real estate assets;
         Further developing a bespoke investment/funding structure whereby the Group can
          facilitate investment by third party investors into loan facilities procured and managed by
          the Group;

The Group’s revenue comprises interest and fee income from mortgage lending activities.

New funding

The ongoing challenge for the Group in respect of growing its finance company operation is the
ability to continue to raise debt finance from third party investors which can then be deployed
towards funding loan receivables, and generating a profit margin for the Group. The Group is
continuing to explore innovative new initiatives to secure more funding with a view to aggressively
growing the finance company operation in the future.

Loan book

The loan book as at 30 September 2019 was $2.04 million. All loans were secured by first mortgages
over residential properties. The average lending to value ratio (LVR) was very low at an average of
52%. All loans are current with no past‐due assets.

Other matters

The group has adequate cash reserves to meet ongoing needs for the foreseeable future, but lending
growth is required to increase revenue, and this requires additional funding from the major
shareholder and attracting new investors in the SPV model.




                                                                                                      2
Earnings per Share and Net Tangible Asset per security
The earnings per share are shown below the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income on
page 4 below. The net tangible asset backing per security is shown below the Consolidated
Statement of Financial Position on page 6.

Audit
The consolidated financial statements shown below have not been audited nor reviewed by the
Group’s auditor.

Future Events


  Event                                                   Date

  Interim report due                                31 December 2019



ENDS


Authority for this announcement
Mark Thornton
Chief Executive Officer
Ph: 021 723766
mark.thornton@nzf.co.nz
Date of release: 25 November 2019




                                                                                               3
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
For the six months ended 30 September 2019




                                                 4
Statement of Changes in Equity
Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
For the six months ended 30 September 2019




                                             5
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
As at 30 September 2019




                                               6
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
For the six months ended 30 September 2019




                                             7
Reporting of Segments

Operating segments are reported in the manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to
the chief operating decision‐maker. The chief operating decision maker is identified as the Board of
Directors. The Group internally reported as a single operating segment to the chief decision‐maker.

International Financial Reporting Standards

These interim financial statements are condensed in accordance with NZ‐IAS‐34 Interim Financial
Reporting.

Accounting Policies

The accounting policies and methods of computation adopted in the preparation of these financial
statements are the same as those adopted in the preparation of the annual financial statements for
the year ended 31 March 2018. Those policies are set out in the annual report for the year ended 31
March 2018. There have been no changes to those accounting policies.




                                                                                                       8
