
20-F

1

d38535d20f.htm

20-F

20-F

Table of Contents

As filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on March 12, 2021

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
20-F

☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020

OR

☐   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☐   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission file number
1-15170

GlaxoSmithKline plc

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

England

(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

980 Great West Road, Brentford, Middlesex TW8 9GS England

(Address of principal executive offices)

Victoria Whyte

Company
Secretary

GlaxoSmithKline plc

980 Great West Road

Brentford, TW8 9GS

England

+44 20 8047 5000

company.secretary@gsk.com

(Name, Telephone,
E-mail
 and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class   Trading Symbol(s)   Name of Each Exchange On Which
Registered
American Depositary Shares, each representing 2 Ordinary Shares, Par value 25 pence   GSK   New York Stock Exchange
Floating Rate Notes due 2021   GSK/21   New York Stock Exchange
2.850% Notes due 2022   GSK/22   New York Stock Exchange
2.8750% Notes due 2022   GSK/22A   New York Stock Exchange
2.800% Notes due 2023   GSK/23   New York Stock Exchange
3.375% Notes due 2023   GSK/23B   New York Stock Exchange
0.534% Notes due 2023   GSK/23C   New York Stock Exchange
3.000% Notes due 2024   GSK/24   New York Stock Exchange
3.625% Notes due 2025   GSK/25   New York Stock Exchange
3.875% Notes due 2028   GSK/28   New York Stock Exchange
3.375% Notes due 2029   GSK/29   New York Stock Exchange
6.375% Notes due 2038   GSK/38   New York Stock Exchange
4.200% Notes due 2043   GSK/43   New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

(Title of class)

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act:

None

(Title of class)

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual
report.

Ordinary Shares of Par value 25 pence each   5,385,189,617

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

☒  Yes    ☐  No

If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

☐  Yes    ☒  No

Note – Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 from their obligations under those Sections.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.

☒  Yes    ☐  No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation
S-T
 (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

☒  Yes    ☐  No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a
non-accelerated

filer. See definition of “accelerated filer” and “large accelerated filer” in Rule
12b-2
 of the Exchange Act:

Large accelerated
filer  ☒                Accelerated

filer  ☐                Non-accelerated

filer  ☐                Emerging growth company  ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to
use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐

†   The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to
prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

U.S. GAAP  ☐   International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board  ☒   Other   ☐

If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement
item the registrant has elected to follow.

Item 17  ☐    Item 18  ☐

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule

12b-2
 of the Exchange Act).

☐  Yes    ☒  No

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Part I   2
Item 1. Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers   2
Item 2. Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable   2
Item 3. Key Information   2
Item 4. Information on the Company   14
Item 4A. Unresolved Staff Comments   15
Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   15
Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees   52
Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions   53
Item 8. Financial Information   53
Item 9. The Offer and Listing   53
Item 10. Additional Information   54
Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   62
Item 12. Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities   62
Part II   63
Item 13. Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies   63
Item 14. Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds   63
Item 15. Controls and Procedures   63
Item 16. [Reserved]
Item 16A. Audit committee financial expert   67
Item 16B. Code of Ethics   67
Item 16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services   67
Item 16D. Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees   67
Item 16E. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers   67
Item 16F. Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant   67
Item 16G. Corporate Governance   68
Item 16H. Mine Safety Disclosure   84
Part III   84
Item 17. Financial Statements   84
Item 18. Financial Statements   84
Item 19. Exhibits   91
Signatures   93

1

Table of Contents

Pursuant to Rule
12b-23(a)
 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the information for GlaxoSmithKline plc’s Form
20-
 F for the year ended December 31, 2020 as set out below is being incorporated by reference from the “GSK
Annual Report 2020” included as exhibit 15.2 to this Form
20-F
 dated and submitted on March 12, 2021 (the “GSK Annual Report 2020”).

All references in this Form
20-F
 to “GlaxoSmithKline,” the “Group,”
“GSK,” “we” or “our” mean GlaxoSmithKline plc and its subsidiaries; the “company” means GlaxoSmithKline plc.

References below to major headings include all information under such major headings, including subheadings, unless such reference is a
reference to a subheading, in which case such reference includes only the information contained under such subheading.

In addition to the
information set out below, the information set forth under the headings “Cautionary statement” and “Assumptions related to 2021 guidance” on the inside back cover, “The Directors’ Report” on page 109,
“Directors’ statement of responsibilities” on pages 140 to 141, “Share capital and control” on pages 276 to 277, “Financial calendar 2021”, “Results announcements”, “Financial reports” and
“Annual General Meeting 2021” on page 279, “Registrar” on page 282, “ADS Depositary”, “Donating shares to Save the Children”, “Contacts” and “Share scam alert” on page 283,
“Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act” on page 285 and “Glossary of terms” on page 299 in each case of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated by reference.

Notice regarding limitations on Director Liability under English Law

Under the UK Companies Act 2006, a safe harbour limits the liability of Directors in respect of statements in and omissions from certain
portions of the GSK Annual Report 2020 incorporated by reference herein, namely “The Directors’ Report” (for which see page 109 thereof), the “Strategic Report” (pages 1 to 76 thereof, portions of which are incorporated by
reference as described below) and the report on “Remuneration” (pages 111 to 138 portions of which are incorporated by reference as described below). These reports have been drawn up and presented in accordance with, and in reliance upon,
English company law. Under English law, the Directors would be liable to the company, but not to any third party, if these sections of the GSK Annual Report 2020 contain errors as a result of recklessness or knowing misstatement or dishonest
concealment of a material fact, but would not otherwise be liable.

Portions of the GSK Annual Report 2020 incorporated by reference
herein contain references to our website. Information on our website or any other website referenced in the GSK Annual Report 2020 is not incorporated into this Form
20-F
 and should not be considered to be
part of this Form
20-F.
 We have included any references to the website as an inactive textual reference only.

PART I

Item 1.   Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers

Not applicable.

Item 2.   Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable

Not applicable.

Item 3.   Key Information

3.A   Selected financial data

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “Five year record” on pages 249 to 251 (excluding the heading and the information under the heading
“Financial results – Adjusted” on page 250); and

•   “Dividends” on page 278

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

3.B   Capitalization and indebtedness

Not applicable.

3.C   Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds

Not applicable.

2

Table of Contents

3.D   Risk Factors

Principal risks and uncertainties

We outline below the principal risks and uncertainties relevant to GSK’s business, financial condition and operations that may affect our
performance and ability to achieve our objectives. These are the risks that we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results.

In 2020 Board oversight was extended beyond the Audit & Risk Committee, to include more involvement from the Corporate Responsibility
Committee and Science Committee. These committees considered GSK’s risks and the strategies used to address them. In doing so they drew on annual business unit risk and assurance update reports, strategy papers for our most significant risks,
and the Corporate Executive Team’s (CET’s) annual risk review.

During the year we further developed our risk management
framework, moving from annual to quarterly upwards reporting for most of our principal risks. This has enabled the Risk Oversight and Compliance Council to oversee risk in a more dynamic way. We continued to evolve how we report new and emerging
risks and external environmental insights. We also made reporting more data driven, with key risk indicators enabling more agile risk management strategies. In addition, risks relating to
COVID-19
 were
incorporated within our most significant risks, to complement the pandemic risks identified and managed by the Global Issues Management Team and reported to the CET.

We are required to comply with a broad range of laws and regulations which apply to the research and development, manufacturing, testing,
approval, distribution, sales and marketing of pharmaceutical, vaccine and consumer healthcare products. These affect the cost of product development, the time required to reach the market and the likelihood of doing so successfully on an
uninterrupted basis.

As rules and regulations change, government interpretation evolves, and our business activities develop, the nature
of a particular risk may also alter. Changes to certain regulatory regimes may be substantial. Any alteration in, and failure to comply with, applicable laws and regulations could materially and adversely affect our financial results.

Similarly, our global business exposes us to litigation and government investigations, including but not limited to product liability
litigation, patent and antitrust litigation and sales and marketing litigation. Litigation and government investigations, including related provisions we may make for unfavorable outcomes and increases in related costs such as insurance premiums,
could also materially and adversely affect our financial results.

More detail on the status and various uncertainties in our significant
unresolved disputes and potential litigation is set out in Note 46 ‘Legal proceedings’ on pages 234 to 237 of the GSK Annual Report 2020, which is incorporated by reference herein.

Patient Safety

Risk
definition

Failure to appropriately collect, review, follow up, or report human safety information (HSI), including adverse events
from all potential sources, and to act on any relevant findings in a timely manner.

Risk impact

Our ability to effectively collect, manage and analyze safety information associated with our products enables us to conduct robust safety
signal detection activities. This, in turn, ensures we make decisions based on the most
up-to-date
 risk/benefit profile of our products and take all appropriate measures
to safeguard patients and consumers. If we do not effectively manage risks to our patient safety activities, the most serious repercussion could be harm to patients. This could also lead to reputational damage, product-related litigation,
governmental investigation and regulatory action, including fines, penalties and even the loss of product marketing authorization.

3

Table of Contents

Context

Our license to operate depends on our compliance with global pharmacovigilance requirements. We are fully accountable for safeguarding patients
and complying with global regulations. However, we augment our pharmacovigilance capabilities by using third parties, and continue to seek innovative solutions (e.g., automation and machine learning) for improved patient safety management through
more efficient, reliable and accurate data collection and interrogation.

We collect information on the safety and efficacy of our products
in humans during clinical development and gain more comprehensive information on real-world use once our products are on the market. Safety information is not only obtained by our own ongoing safety surveillance activities; external parties also
analyze publicly-available clinical trial results or other data. The variety of sources and the increasing volume of safety data in the setting of variable and complex global regulations present new and evolving challenges to how we conduct
pharmacovigilance. For example, we must collect sensitive health information to develop robust product safety profiles while ensuring adherence to increasingly stringent global privacy regulations and remaining vigilant to the threat of
cyberattacks.

As a result of the
COVID-19
 pandemic, GSK’s Safety organization and our third
parties quickly and effectively adopted new ways of working which did not impact patient safety. However, the urgent need for effective treatment and prevention of
COVID-19,
 and the political discourse around
developing such treatment and prevention, increased regulatory, governmental and public scrutiny on how our industry ensures, through development and regulatory measures, the safety and efficacy of medicines and vaccines. This environment could
undermine regulatory, governmental and public trust in medicines for treating
COVID-19.
 This may, in turn, negatively influence healthcare decisions for other diseases, leading to reputational damage or
product liability lawsuits.

Product quality

Risk definition

Failure
by GSK, its contractors or suppliers to ensure:

•   Appropriate controls and governance of quality in product development;

•   Compliance with good manufacturing practice or good distribution practice regulations in commercial or clinical
trials manufacture and distribution activities;

•   Compliance with the terms of GSK product licenses and supporting regulatory activities.

Risk impact

A failure to
ensure product quality could have far reaching implications in patient and consumer safety, product launch delays, drug shortages and product recalls, as well as having regulatory, legal and financial consequences. These could materially and
adversely affect GSK’s reputation and financial results.

Context

The external environment for product quality remains challenging.

The European Medicines Agency (EMA) is about to implement two new sets of requirements. In May 2021, EMA regulations covering the licensing of
medical devices will become effective. The new Annex 1 Guidance for the Manufacture of Sterile Medicinal Products is also due for release. GSK is preparing to implement both sets of requirements.

We are reviewing the manufacturing processes for all products to identify the risks for the presence of nitrosamine impurities, to comply with
updated regulatory requirements. This work will continue through 2021. Where necessary we will mitigate any identified risks.

GSK is
increasingly using new technology to enhance the manufacture and testing of our products, for example, we are continuing to deploy new electronic documentation systems and advanced laboratory information management tools. The threat of cyberattacks
remains a key risk to the integrity of product quality data and its audit trail.

Significant changes are taking place in GSK as we
implement our new organizational alignments and strategy. These changes are assessed by our quality organizations to make sure our quality procedures and governance can facilitate the strategy, while also ensuring that no unintended consequences
increase our product quality risk.

4

Table of Contents

Financial controls and reporting

Risk definition

Failure
to comply with current tax laws or incurring significant losses due to treasury activities; failure to report accurate financial information in compliance with accounting standards and applicable legislation.

Risk impact

Non-compliance
 with existing or new financial reporting and disclosure requirements, or changes to the recognition of income and expenses, could expose GSK to litigation and regulatory action and could materially
and adversely affect our financial results. In the current global pandemic, there can be significant changes at short notice. Failure to comply with changes in the substance or application of the laws governing transfer pricing, dividends, tax
credits and intellectual property could also materially and adversely affect our financial results.

Inconsistent application of treasury
policies, transactional or settlement errors, or counterparty defaults could lead to significant losses.

Context

We are required by the laws of various jurisdictions to publicly disclose our financial results and events that could materially affect the
Group’s financial results. Regulators routinely review the financial statements of listed companies for compliance with new, revised or existing accounting and regulatory requirements. We believe that we comply with the appropriate regulatory
requirements concerning our financial statements and the disclosure of material information, including any transactions relating to business restructuring such as acquisitions and divestitures. However, should we be subject to an investigation into
potential
non-compliance
 with accounting and disclosure requirements, this could lead to restatements of previously-reported results and significant penalties.

Our Treasury group deals daily in high value transactions, mostly foreign exchange and cash management transactions. These transactions involve
market volatility and counterparty risk.

The Group’s effective tax rate reflects the locations of our activities and the value they
generate, which determine the jurisdictions in which profits arise and the applicable tax rates. These may be higher or lower than the UK statutory rate and may reflect regimes that encourage innovation and investment in R&D by providing tax
incentives which, if changed, could affect GSK’s tax rate. In addition, the worldwide nature of our operations means that our cross-border supply routes, necessary to ensure supplies of medicines into numerous countries, can result in
conflicting claims from tax authorities as to the profits to be taxed in individual countries. This can lead to double taxation, with profits taxed in more than one country. The complexity of tax regulations also means that we may occasionally
disagree with tax authorities on the technical interpretation of a particular area of tax law. The tax charge included in our financial statements is our best estimate of tax liability pending any audits by tax authorities.

We expect there to be a continued focus on tax reform, driven by initiatives of the OECD and the EC to address the tax challenges arising from
digitalization of the economy. Together with domestic initiatives around the world, these may result in significant changes to established tax principles and an increase in tax authority disputes. Regardless of their merit or outcomes, these may be
costly, divert management attention and adversely impact our reputation and relationship with key stakeholders.

Anti-bribery and
corruption (ABAC)

Risk definition

The ABAC risk comprises five
sub-risk
 areas:

•   Bribery of public officials by GSK;

•   Bribery of commercial and other non-public entities by GSK;

•   Bribery by third parties acting on behalf of GSK;

•   GSK employees receiving and/or requesting bribes and/or other undue personal benefit;

•   Other corruption-non-compliance with laws and regulations related to money laundering or facilitation of tax evasion by third parties/clients/partners.

5

Table of Contents

Risk impact

Failure to mitigate this risk could expose the Group and associated persons to governmental investigation, regulatory action, and civil and
criminal liability and may compromise the Group’s ability to supply its products under certain government contracts. In addition, failure to prevent bribery or corruption could have substantial implications for GSK’s reputation and the
credibility of senior leaders and might erode investor confidence in our governance and risk management. It could also lead to legal and financial penalties.

Context

The overall
environment for ABAC remains challenging. Countries are holding individuals, as well as corporations, accountable by increasing the employer duty of care. Divergence of legislation, increasing political protectionism, social inequality and pricing
pressures are making compliance harder. Society is holding corporations to ever higher standards, with technology providing a rapid and anonymous avenue for dissemination of previously confidential information and even for damaging false reports.

Enforcement actions and penalties have increased across the globe with the focus on use of third-party intermediaries. Proposed EU
legislation would require businesses to carry out due diligence on potential human rights and related-environmental impacts of their operations and supply chains, imposing a legal standard of care. In addition, the impact of
COVID-19
 on businesses, including disruptions in manufacturing, the supply chain, import/export and travel, etc., could increase the risk of bribery and corruption.

Supportive aspects of the external environment include an increase in transparency and collaboration among enforcement authorities with the aim
of reducing bribery and corruption globally. Advances in technology are also providing better platforms to streamline processes and detect potential issues.

Commercial practices and pricing

Risk definition

Failure
to engage in commercial activities that are consistent with the letter and spirit of the law, industry regulations, or the Group’s requirements relating to sales and promotion of our medicines and vaccines; appropriate interactions with
healthcare professionals/organizations and patients; legitimate and transparent transfers of value; and pricing and competition (or antitrust) regulations in commercial practices, including trade channel activities and tendering business.

Risk impact

Failure to
engage in commercial activities that are consistent with the letter and spirit of the law, industry regulations, or the Group’s requirements relating to sales and promotion of medicines and vaccines; with appropriate interactions with
healthcare professionals (HCPs), organizations and patients; with legitimate and transparent transfers of value; and with pricing and competition (or antitrust) regulations in commercial practices, including trade channel activities and business
tendering, could, materially and adversely affect our ability to deliver our strategy and long term priorities. Additionally, it may result in incomplete awareness of the risk/benefit profile of our products and possibly suboptimal treatment of
patients and consumers; governmental investigation, regulatory action and legal proceedings brought against the Group by governmental and private plaintiffs which could result in government sanctions, and criminal and/or financial penalties. Any
practices that are found to be misaligned with our values could also result in reputational harm and dilute trust established with external stakeholders.

Context

We continue to
evolve our business operations to operate globally in a highly regulated and extremely competitive biopharma industry, where our peers may make significant product innovations and technical advances and intensify price competition. In the Consumer
Healthcare marketplace, where our partners are classic retail, pharmacies and, increasingly, online platforms, we face similarly robust competition. In this challenging environment, to achieve our strategic objectives, we must continue to develop
commercially viable new products and deliver additional uses for existing products that address the needs of patients, consumers, HCPs and payers.

6

Table of Contents

In common with other pharmaceutical, vaccine and consumer healthcare companies we are
embracing opportunities in an evolving digital landscape while facing uncertain market conditions due to the global
COVID-19
 pandemic and continued downward price pressure in major markets.

Developing new pharmaceutical, vaccine and consumer healthcare products is a costly, lengthy and uncertain process. A candidate product may
fail at any stage, including after the investment of significant economic and human resources. Our competitors’ products or pricing strategies, or our potential failure to develop commercially successful products or deliver additional uses for
existing products, could materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve GSK’s strategic objectives.

We are committed to the
ethical and responsible commercialization of our products in support of our purpose to improve the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better, and live longer. To accomplish this purpose, we engage the healthcare community in
various ways to provide important information about our medicines and vaccines.

By promoting our approved products, we seek to ensure that
HCPs globally have access to the information they need, that patients and consumers have the facts and products they require, and that products are prescribed, recommended or used in a manner that provides maximum healthcare benefits. We are
committed to communicating information related to our approved products in a responsible, legal and ethical manner.

Non-promotional
 engagement

Risk definition

Failure to engage in
non-promotional
 activities that are consistent with external regulations, internal
policies, and GSK values regarding scientific engagement with healthcare professionals and patients, including i) communications relating to our medicines or associated disease areas; ii) appropriate conduct of interactions; and iii) legitimacy and
transparency of those interactions.

Risk impact

Without controls in place, the risk could result in reputational damage, governmental or regulatory investigations (e.g., regarding real,
perceived or disguised promotion including
off-label
 and prior-authorization promotion, and real or perceived provision of medical advice), criminal investigations and penalties, civil litigation or competitor
complaints affecting our financial results and reducing the trust of the general public, patients, healthcare professionals, payers, regulators and governments. At the same time, failure to engage fully and appropriately could also result in
reputational damage, patient harm and financial loss.

Context

Non-promotional
 engagements are diverse activities directed at healthcare professionals, as well as
patients, payers and other stakeholders. They aim to improve patient care through the exchange or provision of knowledge on the use of GSK medicines and vaccines and about related diseases.
Non-promotional

engagement with external stakeholder groups is vital to GSK, as a research-based healthcare company, and necessary for scientific and medical advances. We expect our
non-promotional
 activities to be
scientifically sound and accurate, conducted ethically and transparently and compliant with applicable codes, laws and regulations. However,
non-promotional
 engagements are largely unregulated. Therefore,
measured risk taking, rooted in sound values, and principles-based decision making, training, communication and monitoring are key to managing the risk and enabling full and appropriate engagement.

Privacy

Risk
definition

The failure to collect, secure, use and destroy Personal Information (PI) in accordance with data privacy laws can lead to
harm to individuals (e.g. financial, stress, prejudice) and GSK (e.g. fines, operational, financial and reputational).

Risk impact

Non-compliance
 with data privacy laws globally could lead to harm to individuals and GSK. It
could also damage trust between GSK and individuals, communities, business partners and government authorities.

7

Table of Contents

Many countries have increased the enforcement powers of their data protection authorities by
allowing them to impose significant fines, impact cross-border data flows, or temporarily ban data processing. Many new country laws also give individuals the right to bring collective legal actions against companies like GSK for failure to comply
with data privacy laws.

Context

Data privacy legislation is diverse with limited harmonization or simplification. It is challenging for multinationals to standardize their
approach to compliance with data privacy laws. Governments are enforcing compliance with data privacy laws more rigorously. The focus on the ethical use of personal information is growing, over and above compliance with data privacy laws, due to an
increase in the volume of data processed and advances in technology.

Workforce protection and effective privacy controls for research
during the
COVID-19
 pandemic are creating unique challenges. Additionally, new data privacy laws, enforcement activities and court decisions – like the Court of Justice of the European Union ruling for
Schrems II – are creating uncertainties for international data transfers and potential localization requirements.

Research
practices

Risk definition

Research Practices risk is the failure to adequately conduct ethical and sound
pre-clinical
 and
clinical research. In addition, it is the failure to engage in scientific activities that are consistent with the letter and spirit of the law and industry, or the Group’s requirements. It comprises the following

sub-risks:

Non-Clinical &
 Laboratory Research; Human Subject Research; Data Integrity; Care, Welfare & Treatment of Animals; Human Biological Samples
Management; Data Disclosure; Regulatory Filings & Engagement; and Patents.

Risk impact

The potential impacts of the risk include harm to human subjects, reputational damage, failure to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for
our products, governmental investigation, legal proceedings brought against the Group by governmental and private plaintiffs (product liability suits and claims for damages), loss of revenue due to inadequate patent protection or inability to supply
GSK products, and regulatory action such as fines, penalties, or loss of product authorization. Any of these could materially and adversely affect our financial results and damage the trust of patients and customers.

Context

Research
involving animals can raise ethical concerns. In many cases, however, research in animals is the only way to investigate the effects of a potential new medicine in a living body other than in humans. Animal research provides critical information
about the causes and mechanisms of diseases and therefore remains a vital part of our research. We continually seek ways in which we can minimize our use of animals in research, development and testing, while complying with regulatory requirements
and reducing the impact on the animals used.

Human subject research, including clinical trials in healthy volunteers and patients, assess
and demonstrate an investigational product’s efficacy and safety, or further evaluate the product once it has been approved. We disclose this research externally, according to regulations, ethical principles and industry commitments.

We also work with human biological samples, which are fundamental to the discovery, development and safety monitoring of our products. GSK is
committed to ensuring that human biological samples are managed in accordance with relevant laws, regulations and ethical principles, in a manner that respects the interests of sample donors.

The integrity and governance of our data is essential to success in all stages of the data lifecycle, including design, generation, recording
and management, analysis, reporting, storage and retrieval. Our R&D data are governed by legislation and regulatory requirements. Data and supporting documents are core components at various stages of pipeline progression decision making and
form the content of regulatory submissions, publications and patent filings. Poor data integrity and governance could compromise GSK’s R&D efforts and negatively impact our reputation.

8

Table of Contents

There are innate complexities and interdependencies in regulatory filings, particularly
given our global R&D footprint. Ever changing and increasingly stringent submission requirements continue to increase the complexity of worldwide product registration. The supply of GSK medicines to patients is dependent on the ongoing
compliance and maintenance of licenses across many geographies, whose requirements and timelines differ. The secure management of the high volume of lifecycle changes to these licenses, and their renewal, is critical to compliant supply. Failure to
maintain our licenses will directly impact patients and company revenue.

A wide variety of biological materials are used by GSK in the
discovery, research and development of our assets. Through the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) and the Nagoya Protocol, the international community has established a global framework regulating access to, and use of, genetic resources of
non-human
 origin in R&D.

We support the principles of access to, and benefit sharing of, genetic
resources as outlined in the CBD and the Nagoya Protocol. We also recognize the importance of appropriate, effective and proportionate implementation measures at national and regional levels.

Patent rights are awarded to protect innovation and play an important role in providing a competitive advantage in the market for a limited
period of time. Any loss of patent protection in a market for GSK’s products developed through our R&D – including reducing the term, availability or scope of patent rights – could materially and adversely affect our financial
results in that market. Inadequate patent or data exclusivity protection which could lead, for example, to competition from manufacturers of generic or biosimilar pharmaceutical products could limit our opportunity to rely on such markets for future
sales growth. This could also materially and adversely impact our financial results.

Following expiration of certain intellectual property
rights, a generic or biosimilar manufacturer may lawfully produce a competing copy of a product. Introduction of generic products typically leads to a rapid and dramatic loss of sales and reduces our revenues and margins for our proprietary
products.

Environment, health and safety

Risk definition

Failure
in management of:

•   execution of hazardous activities;

•   GSK’s physical assets and infrastructure;

•   handling and processing of hazardous chemicals and biological agents;

•   control of releases of substances harmful to the environment in both the short and long term;

leading to incidents which could disrupt our R&D and Supply activities, harm employees, harm the communities and
harm the local environments in which we operate.

Risk impact

Failure to manage EHS risks could lead to significant harm to people, the environment and the communities in which we operate; fines; inability
to meet stakeholder expectations and regulatory requirements; litigation or regulatory action; and damage to the Group’s reputation, which could materially and adversely affect our financial results.

Context

GSK is subject
to the health, safety and environmental laws of various jurisdictions. These laws impose duties to protect people, the environment, and the communities in which we operate, as well as potential obligations to remediate contaminated sites. Overall,
our control framework for managing EHS risk is effective.

Environmental sustainability

Risk definition

Failure
in the management of:

•   Physical climate and environmental risks;

•   Current and future regulatory requirements for environmental policies and taxes;

9

Table of Contents

•   Delivery and performance of management environmental objectives;

leading to: reduced supply chain resilience; product life cycle management issues, loss of trust/reputation with employees, investors,
customers, regulators and other stakeholders; increased costs; loss of sales or market access; negative impacts on the environment.

Risk impact

GSK
recognizes that the way we respond to climate change and manage environmental risks impacts our ability to supply products to patients and consumers and could lead to harm to the environment and impact our reputation.

Failure to meet fast-evolving regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations could result in litigation or regulatory actions, which may
materially and adversely impact our financial results.

Context

It is increasingly understood that the effects of climate change and nature loss, which are themselves interconnected, are impacting human
health. Internal and external expectations for companies to address their impact on the environment are increasing; as are the effects of climate change on operational resilience, in regard to access to energy, water and the natural resources used
in products, along with potential cost increases from any regulatory changes or environmental taxes.

Information Security

Risk definition

The risk
that unauthorized disclosure, theft, unavailability or corruption of GSK’s information or key information systems may lead to harm to our patients, workforce and customers, disruption to our business and/or loss of commercial or strategic
advantage, damage to our reputation or regulatory sanction.

Risk impact

Failure to adequately protect GSK’s information, or key information systems, may cause harm to our patients, workforce and customers,
disruption to our business and/or loss of commercial or strategic advantage, regulatory sanction, or damage to our reputation.

Context

The overall information security environment is challenging, because of the difficulty of keeping pace with increasingly sophisticated
cyber threats. This is due to many factors including, the complexity of large regulated organizations; the well-resourced nature of hacking activities; and the increasing demands for accountability of data handled by companies. We continue to
reassess GSK’s reliance on interconnectivity with third party contractors, partners and suppliers. The
COVID-19
 pandemic has emerged as another significant external factor impacting how information
security is managed at GSK.
COVID-19-related
 threats include an increase in ransomware attacks against the healthcare sector, as hackers have used the opportunity to
disrupt critical healthcare operations and, in some cases, seize healthcare research related to
COVID-19
 vaccines and treatments.

GSK operates a highly-connected information network which holds confidential research and development, manufacturing, commercial, workforce and
financial data. This means that our systems and information have been and will continue to be the target of cyberattacks. We continue to consolidate information systems to reduce attack points and enable more focused controls. GSK’s strategic
approach to digital analytics will further increase our dependency on digital assets and distributed data. Our continued analysis and assessment of GSK’s critical data assets and the threats to those assets will require a continuous
re-evaluation
 of emerging risks to GSK. Mitigating actions identified in these areas include the secure deployment and operation of GSK resources in high-risk markets, the risk posed by GSK having data in the Cloud,
and the potential for complexity resulting from agile
business-led
 IT development across the enterprise.

10

Table of Contents

Supply Continuity

Risk definition

Failure
to deliver a continuous supply of compliant finished product; inability to respond effectively to a crisis incident in a timely manner to recover and sustain critical operations.

Risk impact

We recognize
how important the continuity of supply of our products is to the patients and consumers who rely on them. A material interruption of supply could lead to litigation or regulatory action, including exclusion from healthcare programs and financial
penalties that might adversely affect the Group’s financial results. GSK’s international presence, and those of our partners, expose our workforce, facilities, operations and IT to potential disruption from natural events (e.g., storms and
earthquakes),
man-made
 events (e.g., the imposition of trading barriers at short notice, civil/political unrest, terrorism and cyberattacks), and public health emergencies (e.g., the global
COVID-19
 pandemic). It is therefore vital that we have robust crisis management and recovery plans in place to manage such events.

Context

Our supply chain
operations are subject to review and approval by various regulatory agencies that effectively provide our license to operate. Failure of our manufacturing and distribution network to deliver products could lead to litigation or regulatory action,
such as product recalls and seizures, interruption of supply, delays in approval of new products, and suspension of manufacturing operations pending resolution of manufacturing or logistics issues.

We rely on materials and services provided by third party suppliers to make our products. These include active pharmaceutical ingredients,
antigens, intermediates, commodities, and components for developing, manufacturing and packaging pharmaceutical, vaccine and consumer healthcare products. Our third-party oversight includes the outsourcing of operations, such as contract
manufacturing and clinical research organizations, that provide manufacturing and support development of key products on our behalf.

Although we undertake risk mitigation, we recognize that certain events could still result in delays or service interruptions. We use effective
crisis management and business continuity planning to ensure the health and safety of our people and to minimize the impact on supply, by maintaining functional operations in the event of a natural or
man-made

disaster, or a public health emergency. Drug shortages are reported to appropriate regulatory authorities such as the US Food and Drug Administration for transparency and to solicit feedback on risk mitigation.

Supply performance expectations increased during the
COVID-19
 pandemic as governments sought to secure
supply for key medicines and vaccines. We prioritized, and aligned behind, the manufacture and supply of these pandemic medicines with our suppliers, leveraging strategic stocks and modifying supply routes to avoid disrupting the availability of our
finished products.

We also participated in the EU’s new reporting system for anticipated drug shortages, introduced during the
pandemic to proactively resolve supply issues before they potentially impacted hospital intensive care units.

Transformation

Risk definition

Failure
to deliver the plan for successful transformation and separation of GSK into two competitive standalone companies: New GSK, a biopharma company, and new Consumer Healthcare.

Risk impact

The failure
to manage the increasing macro level risk due to
COVID-19
 in relation to the delivery of the transformation plan could materially and adversely affect our ability to deliver GSK’s strategy and long-term
priorities.

Context

In February 2020, GSK announced a new ‘Future Ready’ program to prepare for its separation into two companies: New GSK, a biopharma
company with an R&D approach focused on science related to the immune system, the use of genetics and new technologies, and a new leader in consumer healthcare. As GSK increases investment in R&D and new product launches, the
two-year
 separation program aims to drive a common approach to innovation across modalities with improved capital allocation; to align and improve the capabilities

11

Table of Contents

and efficiencies of global support functions to support New GSK; to further optimize the supply chain and portfolio, including divesting
non-core
 assets;
and to prepare Consumer Healthcare to operate as a standalone company. Once complete, the outlook of both companies will have been fundamentally strengthened, making them more efficient, modern and automated, with future skills and capabilities that
will extend beyond the transition timeline. See “Risks associated with the Separation of the Consumer Healthcare Business” below.

Risks associated with
COVID-19

The potential impact of the
COVID-19
 pandemic on GSK’s trading performance and all our principal
risks has been assessed. Up to the date of this annual report on Form
20-F,
 the pandemic has, as anticipated, impacted the Group performance during the year primarily in demand for vaccines as a result of
ongoing containment measures impacting customers’ ability and willingness to access vaccination services across all regions. We anticipate that governments’ prioritization of
COVID-19
 vaccination
programs will continue to impact our Vaccines business. We continue to monitor the situation closely, as this continues to be a dynamic and uncertain situation, with the ultimate severity, duration and impact unknown at this point including
potential impacts on trading results, clinical trials, supply continuity and our employees. The situation could change at any time and there can be no assurance that the
COVID-19
 pandemic will not have a
material adverse impact on the future results of the Group.

12

Table of Contents

Risks associated with the Separation of the Consumer Healthcare Business

The successful completion of a separation of the consumer healthcare joint venture initiated by GSK may be dependent on a number of
factors that are outside GSK’s control, including favorable conditions in public equity markets and public or private debt markets and changes in applicable law and regulation

GSK’s ability to exit the consumer healthcare joint venture through a listing and admission to trading of shares of GSK Consumer
Healthcare on the London Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange (the “Separation”) initiated by GSK may be dependent on a number of factors such as (i) the condition of public or private debt markets
being such that the consumer healthcare joint venture is able to raise, on terms acceptable to the Group, sufficient levels of debt finance to undertake a
pre-separation
 recapitalization and distribution of
the proceeds to GSK and Pfizer and (ii) the condition of public equity markets being such as to enable a successful sale or demerger of shares in the consumer healthcare joint venture. Conditions in public equity markets and public or private
debt markets are not within GSK’s control and disruption in those markets may impede GSK’s ability to exit the consumer healthcare joint venture at the desired time or in the desired way.

In addition, GSK’s ability to implement a successful Separation initiated by GSK, including by way of a demerger of its equity stake and a
listing of the consumer healthcare joint venture on the London Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange, may be impeded or prevented by any change of law, regulation or the rules of any authority to which GSK is subject
(including, for example, any rules or guidance issued by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority or H. M. Revenue & Customs) or any change to the way in which applicable law and regulation is interpreted and applied by the relevant
authorities. Such changes are outside the control of GSK and there can be no guarantee that GSK’s preferred strategy in relation to the Separation will be capable of being implemented.

If GSK is not able to execute a successful Separation, including by undertaking a
pre-separation

recapitalization of the consumer healthcare joint venture and completing a demerger of its equity stake, at a time and on terms acceptable to it, the Group may not be able to implement its preferred strategy, including in relation to its
pharmaceuticals and vaccines business, the reduction of leverage associated with those businesses, and the support for those businesses’ ongoing investment requirements (especially the Group’s R&D pipeline). This may have a material
and adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results and operations of the Group.

The expected benefits of a successful
completion of a Separation initiated by GSK of the consumer healthcare joint venture from the Group may not be realized and such a Separation may be detrimental to the consumer healthcare joint venture and/or the Group

Following a successful Separation, there can be no guarantee that the expected benefits of such a Separation will be realized. In particular,
if such a Separation does proceed, both the consumer healthcare joint venture and the Group (excluding the consumer healthcare business) will form smaller, less diversified groups. As a result, each separate group may be more exposed to cyclical,
sector-specific or other risks than the Group is currently. In addition, consistent with their smaller sizes, each separate group may not be able to obtain future debt or equity financing or put in place other contractual arrangements on terms as
favorable as the Group is currently able to achieve. Were any of these risks to be realized following a Separation, this may have a material and adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results and operations of the consumer healthcare
joint venture and/or the Group (excluding the consumer healthcare business).

13

Table of Contents

The completion of a Separation initiated by Pfizer, causing the consumer healthcare
joint venture to become a listed, publicly traded company, would reduce GSK’s control over the consumer healthcare joint venture

Under the terms of the Shareholders’ Agreement between GSK and Pfizer in relation to the consumer healthcare joint venture, in the event
that GSK has not exercised its exit rights in respect of the consumer healthcare joint venture within five years following completion of the acquisition of Pfizer’s consumer healthcare business to form the consumer healthcare joint venture,
Pfizer will be entitled to initiate a Separation from that point in time. While GSK would not be required to sell or demerge any of its shares in the consumer healthcare joint venture as part of such a Separation initiated by Pfizer and could
therefore retain its proportionate equity stake, GSK’s rights to appoint directors to the board of directors of the joint venture and other control rights would be reduced to a customary level for a company listed on the same exchange as the
primary listing of the consumer healthcare joint venture, such that GSK would lose overall control of the board of directors of the consumer healthcare joint venture and its control rights under the Shareholders’ Agreement would cease to apply.
In that event, GSK may not be able to direct the business and operations of the consumer healthcare joint venture in accordance with the strategy and objectives of the Group, which could have a material and adverse effect on the business, financial
condition and results of the Group.

Item 4 .   Information on the Company

4.A   History and development of the company

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “About GSK” on the inside back cover;

•   “Preparing for the future” on page 2;

•   “Head Office and Registered Office” on the outside back cover; and

•   “Note 40 – Acquisitions and disposals” on pages 208 to 212

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. GSK’s Internet address is gsk.com.

4.B   Business overview

•   See Item 3.D “Risk factors” above.

In addition, the information set forth under the headings:

•   “Our business model” on pages 1 and 2 (excluding the last sentence of the second paragraph under
“Our long-term priorities” on page 1);

•   “Chairman’s statement” on page 3;

•   “CEO’s statement” on pages 4 and 5 (excluding both (i) the last sentence of the third
paragraph and (ii) the first sentence of the last paragraph under “Growth in 2020 sales” on page 4);

•   “Our long-term priorities” on page 9 (excluding the last sentence under “Principal risks”);

•   “Our culture” on page 10;

•   “Industry trends” on pages 12 to 15;

•   “Stakeholder engagement” on pages 16 and 17 (excluding the first sentence of the second paragraph on
page 16);

14

Table of Contents

•   “Innovation” on pages 18 to 27;

•   “Performance” on pages 28 to 32, excluding:

•   the pro-forma figures in the first bullet under “Consumer
Healthcare” in the table on page 28; and

•   the second paragraph under “Performance” on page 31.

•   “Trust” on pages 33 to 42 (excluding the heading and the paragraph under the heading “Our approach
to reporting” on page 33);

•   “Note 6 – Turnover and segment information” on pages 166 to 169;

•   “Note 40 – Acquisitions and disposals” on pages 208 to 212;

•   “Pharmaceutical products, competition and intellectual property” on pages 258 to 259;

•   “Vaccines products, competition and intellectual property” on page 259; and

•   “Consumer Healthcare products and competition” on page 260

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

4.C   Organizational structure

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Note 45 – Principal Group companies” on page 233; and

•   “Group companies” on pages 287 to 298

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

4.D   Property, plant and equipment

The information set forth under the heading “Property, plant and equipment” under “Financial position and resources” in
Item 5.A of this annual report on Form
20-F
 is incorporated herein by reference.

The information
set forth under the headings:

•   “PP&E, intangible asset and goodwill impairment by segment” and “PP&E and intangible asset
impairment reversals by segment” within “Note 6 – Turnover and segment information” on page 168; and

•   “Note 17 – Property, plant and equipment on pages 179 to 180

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 4A.   Unresolved Staff Comments

Not applicable.

Item 5.   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

5.A   Operating results

The information set forth under the headings:

15

Table of Contents

•   “Regulatory environment” on page 15;

•   “Impact of Brexit” within “Risk management” on page 49; and

•   “Climate-related financial disclosure” within Risk management on page 46 and 47

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

The following tables reconcile Total results to Adjusted results. References to the reconciliations on page 64 and pages 252 to 254 of the GSK Annual Report
2020 should be read to refer to the information in these tables.

Adjusted results reconciliation – 31 December 2020
Divestments,
Intangible   Intangible   significant
Total   asset   asset   Major   Transaction   legal and   Separation   Adjusted
results   amortisation   impairment   restructuring   -related   other items   costs   results
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Gross profit   22,395   699   31   667   116   23,908
Operating profit   7,783   775   263   1,532   1,308   (2,823   )   68   8,906
Profit before taxation   6,968   775   263   1,534   1,308   (2,821   )   68   8,095
Profit after taxation   6,388   625   216   1,242   1,079   (2,804   )   54   6,800
Profit attributable to shareholders   5,749   625   216   1,242   687   (2,804   )   54   5,769
Earnings per share   115.5   p   12.6   p   4.4   p   25.0   p   13.8   p   (56.5   )p   1.1   p   115.9   p
Weighted average number of shares (millions)   4,976   4,976
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted gross
profit
Cost of sales   (11,704   )   699   31   667   116   (10,191   )
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted operating
profit
Selling, general and administration   (11,456   )   1   18   659   (23   )   16   68   (10,717   )
Research and development   (5,098   )   75   214   206   (4,603   )
Other operating income   1,624   1,215   (2,839   )   —
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit before
tax
Net finance costs   (848   )   2   2   (844   )
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit after
tax
Taxation   (580   )   (150   )   (47   )   (292   )   (229   )   17   (14   )   (1,295   )
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit attributable to
shareholders
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests   639   392   1,031

16

Table of Contents

Adjusted results reconciliation – 31 December 2019
Divestments,
Intangible   Intangible   significant
Total   asset   asset   Major   Transaction   legal and   Adjusted
results   amortisation   impairment   restructuring   -related   other items   results
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Gross profit   21,891   713   30   658   383   23,675
Operating profit   6,961   777   83   1,105   345   (299   )   8,972
Profit before taxation   6,221   777   83   1,110   345   (300   )   8,236
Profit after taxation   5,268   621   66   902   221   (160   )   6,918
Profit attributable to shareholders   4,645   621   66   902   57   (160   )   6,131
Earnings per share   93.9   p   12.6   p   1.3   p   18.2   p   1.2   p   (3.3   )p   123.9   p
Weighted average number of shares (millions)   4,947   4,947
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted gross
profit
Cost of sales   (11,863   )   713   30   658   383   (10,079   )
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted operating
profit
Selling, general and administration   (11,402   )   4   332   104   247   (10,715   )
Research and development   (4,568   )   64   49   114   2   (4,339   )
Other operating income   689   1   (142   )   (548   )   —
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit before
tax
Net finance costs   (814   )   5   (1   )   (810   )
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit after
tax
Taxation   (953   )   (156   )   (17   )   (208   )   (124   )   140   (1,318   )
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit attributable to
shareholders
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests   623   164   787

Adjusted results reconciliation – 31 December 2018
Divestments,
Intangible   Intangible   significant   Adjusted
Total   asset   asset   Major   Transaction   legal and   results
results   amortisation   impairment   restructuring   -related   other items   (revised)
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Gross profit   20,580   536   69   443   15   21,643
Operating profit   5,483   580   116   809   1,977   (220   )   8,745
Profit before taxation   4,800   580   116   813   1,974   (205   )   8,078
Profit after taxation   4,046   471   97   643   1,735   (449   )   6,543
Profit attributable to shareholders   3,623   471   97   643   1,484   (449   )   5,869
Earnings per share   73.7   p   9.6   p   2.0   p   13.1   p   30.2   p   (9.2   )p   119.4   p
Weighted average number of shares (millions)   4,914   4,914
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted gross
profit
Cost of sales   (10,241   )   536   69   443   15   (9,178   )
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted operating
profit
Selling, general and administration   (9,915   )   2   315   98   38   (9,462   )
Research and development   (3,893   )   44   45   49   20   (3,735   )
Other operating income   (1,588   )   2   1,864   (278   )   —
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit before
tax
Net finance costs   (717   )   4   (3   )   18   (698   )
Profit on disposal of associates   3   (3   )   —
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit after
tax
Taxation   (754   )   (109   )   (19   )   (170   )   (239   )   (244   )   (1,535   )
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit attributable to
shareholders
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests   423   251   674

17

Table of Contents

Group financial review

Reporting framework

Total and Adjusted
results

The Group financial review discusses the operating and financial performance of the Group, its cash flows and financial position and our
resources. The results for each year are compared primarily with the results of the preceding year.

Total results

Total reported results represent the Group’s overall performance.

GSK also uses a number of adjusted,
non-IFRS,
 measures to report the performance of its business. Adjusted results and
other
non-IFRS
 measures may be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted results are defined below and other
non-IFRS
 measures are defined below.

GSK believes that Adjusted results, when considered together with Total results,
provide investors, analysts and other stakeholders with helpful complementary information to understand better the financial performance and position of the Group from period to period, and allow the Group’s performance to be more easily
compared against the majority of its peer companies. These measures are also used by management for planning and reporting purposes. They may not be directly comparable with similarly described measures used by other companies.

GSK encourages investors and analysts not to rely on any single financial measure but to review GSK’s Annual Reports, including the financial statements
and notes, in their entirety.

Adjusted results

Adjusted
results exclude the following items from Total results, together with the tax effects of all of these items:

•   amortisation of intangible assets (excluding computer software and capitalised development costs)

•   impairment of intangible assets (excluding computer software) and goodwill

•   Major restructuring costs, which include impairments of tangible assets and computer software, (under specific
Board-approved programmes that are structural, of a significant scale and where the costs of individual or related projects exceed £25 million) including integration costs following material acquisitions

•   transaction-related accounting or other adjustments related to significant acquisitions

•   proceeds and costs of disposals of associates, products and businesses; significant legal charges (net of
insurance recoveries) and expenses on the settlement of litigation and government investigations; other operating income other than royalty income, and other items

•   separation costs to prepare for the separation of GSK into two companies

•   the impact of the enactment of the US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in 2017

Costs for all other ordinary course smaller scale restructuring and legal charges and expenses are retained within both Total and Adjusted results.

18

Table of Contents

As Adjusted results include the benefits of Major restructuring programmes but exclude significant costs
(such as significant legal, major restructuring and transaction items), they should not be regarded as a complete picture of the Group’s financial performance, which is presented in its Total results. The exclusion of other Adjusting items may
result in Adjusted earnings being materially higher or lower than Total earnings. In particular, when significant impairments, restructuring charges and legal costs are excluded, Adjusted earnings will be higher than Total earnings.

GSK is undertaking a number of Major restructuring programmes in response to significant changes in the Group’s trading environment or overall strategy,
or following material acquisitions. Costs, both cash and
non-cash,
 of these programmes are provided for as individual elements are approved and meet the accounting recognition criteria. As a result, charges
may be incurred over a number of years following the initiation of a Major restructuring programme.

The Group has also initiated a
two-year
 Separation Preparation programme to prepare GSK for separation into two new leading companies in biopharma and consumer healthcare.

From time to time, the Group divests
non-core
 investments, products and businesses and records the profit or loss on
disposal as an Adjusting item. The most notable divestment in the year was the disposal of Horlicks and other Consumer Healthcare brands.

Significant
legal charges and expenses are those arising from the settlement of litigation or government investigations that are not in the normal course and are materially larger than more regularly occurring individual matters. They also include certain major
legacy matters.

Reconciliations between Total and Adjusted results, providing further information on the key Adjusting items for 2019 and 2020 are set out
above.

GSK provides earnings guidance to the investor community on the basis of Adjusted results. This is in line with peer companies and expectations of
the investor community, supporting easier comparison of the Group’s performance with its peers. GSK is not able to give guidance for Total results as it cannot reliably forecast certain material elements of the Total results, particularly the
future fair value movements on contingent consideration and put options that can and have given rise to significant adjustments driven by external factors such as currency and other movements in capital markets.

19

Table of Contents

Historical record of Adjusting items

The reconciliations between Total and Adjusted operating profit can be summarised as follows:

2020 £m   2019 £m   2018 £m
Total operating profit   7,783   6,961   5,483
Intangible asset amortisation   775   777   580
Intangible asset impairment   263   83   116
Major restructuring   1,532   1,105   809
Transaction-related items   1,308   345   1,977
Divestments, significant legal and other items   (2,823   )   (299   )   (220   )
Separation costs   68   —   —
US tax reform   —   —   —
Adjusted operating profit   8,906   8,972   8,745

The analysis of the impact of transaction-related items on operating profit is as follows:

2020 £m   2019 £m   2018 £m
Novartis Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture put option   —   —   658
Contingent consideration on former Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare JV (including Shionogi preferential
dividends)   1,114   31   1,188
ViiV Healthcare put options and Pfizer preferential dividends   (52   )   (234   )   (58   )
Contingent consideration on former Novartis Vaccines business   172   76   58
Release of fair value uplift on acquired Pfizer inventory   91   366   —
Other adjustments   (17   )   106   131
Transaction-related items   1,308   345   1,977

Non-controlling
 interests in ViiV Healthcare

Trading profit allocations

Because ViiV Healthcare is a
subsidiary of the Group, 100% of its operating results (turnover, operating profit, profit after tax) are included within the Group income statement and then a portion of the earnings is allocated to the

non-controlling
 interests owned by the other shareholders, in line with their respective equity shareholdings (Pfizer 11.7% and Shionogi 10%). Each of the shareholders, including GSK, is also entitled to
preferential dividends determined by the performance of certain products that each shareholder contributed. As the relative performance of these products changes over time, the proportion of the overall earnings of ViiV Healthcare allocated to each
shareholder will change. In particular, the increasing proportion of sales of dolutegravir-containing products has a favourable impact on the proportion of the preferential dividends that is allocated to GSK. Adjusting items are allocated to
shareholders based on their equity interests. GSK was entitled to approximately 86% of the Total earnings and 83% of the Adjusted earnings of ViiV Healthcare for 2020. Remeasurements of the liabilities for the preferential dividends allocated to
Pfizer and Shionogi are included within other operating income/(expense).

Acquisition-related arrangements

As consideration for the acquisition of Shionogi’s interest in the former Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare joint venture in 2012, Shionogi received the 10% equity
stake in ViiV Healthcare.

ViiV Healthcare also agreed to pay additional future cash consideration to Shionogi, contingent on the future sales performance
of the products being developed by that joint venture, principally dolutegravir. Under IFRS 3 ‘Business combinations’, GSK was required to provide for the estimated fair value of this contingent consideration at the time of acquisition and
is required to update the liability to the latest estimate of fair value at each subsequent period end. The liability for the contingent consideration recognised in the balance sheet at the date of acquisition was £659 million. Subsequent
remeasurements are reflected within other operating income/expense and within Adjusting items in the income statement in each period, and at 31 December 2020, the liability, which is discounted at 8.5%, stood at £5,359 million, on a
post-tax
 basis.

Cash payments to settle the contingent consideration are made to Shionogi by ViiV Healthcare each
quarter, based on the actual sales performance of the relevant products in the previous quarter. These payments reduce the balance sheet liability and hence are not recorded in the income statement. The cash payments made to Shionogi by ViiV
Healthcare in 2020 were £858 million.

20

Table of Contents

Because the liability is required to be recorded at the fair value of estimated future payments, there is a
significant timing difference between the charges that are recorded in the Total income statement to reflect movements in the fair value of the liability and the actual cash payments made to settle the liability.

The cash payments are reflected in the cash flow statement partly in operating cash flows and partly within investing activities. The tax relief on these
payments is reflected in the Group’s Adjusting items as part of the tax charge. The part of each payment relating to the original estimate of the fair value of the contingent consideration on the acquisition of the Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare
joint venture in 2012 of £659 million is reported within investing activities in the cash flow statement and the part of each payment relating to the increase in the liability since the acquisition is reported within operating cash flows.

21

Table of Contents

Movements in contingent consideration payable to Shionogi were as follows:

2020 £m   2019 £m
Contingent consideration at beginning of the year   5,103   5,937
Remeasurement through income statement   1,114   31
Cash payments: operating cash flows   (751   )   (767   )
Cash payments: investing activities   (107   )   (98   )
Contingent consideration at end of the year   5,359   5,103

Of the contingent consideration payable (on a
post-tax
 basis) to Shionogi at
31 December 2020, £745 million (31 December 2019 – £730 million) is expected to be paid within one year.

Exit rights

Pfizer may request an IPO of ViiV Healthcare at any time and if either GSK does not consent to such IPO or an offering is not completed within nine months,
Pfizer could require GSK to acquire its shareholding. Under the original agreements, GSK had the unconditional right, so long as it made no subsequent distribution to its shareholders, to withhold its consent to the exercise of the Pfizer put option
and, as a result, in accordance with IFRS, GSK did not recognise a liability for the put option on its balance sheet. However, during Q1 2016, GSK notified Pfizer that it had irrevocably given up this right and accordingly recognised the liability
for the put option on the Group’s balance sheet during Q1 2016 at an initial value of £1,070 million. Consistent with this revised treatment, at the end of Q1 2016 GSK also recognised liabilities for the future preferential dividends
anticipated to become payable to Pfizer and Shionogi on the Group’s balance sheet.

The closing balances of the liabilities related to Pfizer’s
shareholding are as follows:

2020 £m   2019 £m
Pfizer put option   960   1,011
Pfizer preferential dividend   1   4

Under the original agreements, Shionogi could also have requested GSK to acquire its shareholding in ViiV Healthcare in
six-month
 windows commencing in 2017, 2020 and 2022. GSK had the unconditional right, so long as it made no subsequent distribution to its shareholders, to withhold its consent to the exercise of the Shionogi put
option and, as a result, GSK did not recognise a liability for the put option on its balance sheet.

However, during Q1 2016, GSK notified Shionogi that it
had irrevocably given up this right and accordingly recognised the liability for the put option on the Group’s balance sheet during Q1 2016 at an initial value of £926 million. In Q4 2016, Shionogi irrevocably agreed to waive its put
option and as a result GSK
de-recognised
 the liability for this put option on the Group’s balance sheet directly to equity. The value of the liability was £1,244 million when it was
de-recognised.

GSK also has a call option over Shionogi’s shareholding in ViiV Healthcare, which under the original
agreements was exercisable in
six-month
 windows commencing in 2027, 2030 and 2032. GSK has now irrevocably agreed to waive the first two exercise windows, but the last

six-month
 window in 2032 remains. As this call option is at fair value, it has no value for accounting purposes.

Free cash flow

Free cash flow is defined as the net cash
inflow from operating activities less capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, contingent consideration payments, net finance costs, and dividends paid to
non-controlling

interests plus proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, and dividends received from joint ventures and associates. It is used by management for planning and reporting purposes and in discussions with and
presentations to investment analysts and rating agencies. Free cash flow growth is calculated on a reported basis. A reconciliation of net cash inflow from operations to free cash flow is set out below.

CER and AER growth

In order to illustrate underlying
performance, it is the Group’s practice to discuss its results in terms of constant exchange rate (CER) growth. This represents growth calculated as if the exchange rates used to determine the results of overseas companies in Sterling had
remained unchanged from those used in the comparative period. CER% represents growth at constant exchange rates. £% or AER% represents growth at actual exchange rates.

Return on capital employed

Return on capital employed is
calculated as total profit before taxation as a percentage of average net assets over the year. Return on Capital Employed is used in the review of capital investment decisions by the Group.

Net debt

Please see Note 29 ‘Net Debt’ to the
financial statements incorporated by reference in Item 18 below for the calculation of net debt. Net debt represents a measure of the capital structure of the Group.

22

Table of Contents

Financial performance

GSK uses a number of adjusted,
non-IFRS,
 measures to report the performance of its business. Adjusted results and other

non-IFRS
 measures may be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted results and other

non-IFRS
 measures are set out above under “Reporting framework” and reconciliations of Total results to Adjusted results are set out above.

The Total results of the Group are set out below.

2020   2019   Growth
% of   % of
£m   turnover   £m   turnover   £%   CER%
Turnover   34,099   100   33,754   100   1   3
Cost of sales   (11,704   )   (34.3   )   (11,863   )   (35.1   )   (1   )   —
Selling, general and administration   (11,456   )   (33.6   )   (11,402   )   (33.8   )   —   2
Research and development   (5,098   )   (15.0   )   (4,568   )   (13.5   )   12   12
Royalty income   318   0.9   351   1.1   (9   )   (9   )
Other operating income/(expense)   1,624   4.8   689   1.9
Operating profit   7,783   22.8   6,961   20.6   12   15
Net finance costs   (848   )   (814   )
Share of after-tax profits of associates and joint ventures   33   74
Profit before taxation   6,968   6,221   12   16
Taxation   (580   )   (953   )
Profit after taxation for the year   6,388   5,268   21   25
Profit attributable to shareholders   5,749   4,645
Earnings per share (p)   115.5   93.9   23   26
Earnings per ADS (US$)   2.98   2.40

23

Table of Contents

Group turnover

Group turnover by business

2020 £m   2019 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Pharmaceuticals   17,056   17,554   (3   )   (1   )
Vaccines   6,982   7,157   (2   )   (1   )
Consumer Healthcare   10,033   8,995   12   14
Group turnover   34,071   33,706   1   3
Corporate and other unallocated turnover   28   48
34,099   33,754   1   3

Group turnover by geographic region

2020 £m   2019 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
US   14,556   13,890   5   6
Europe   8,164   8,069   1   1
International   11,379   11,795   (4   )   —
34,099   33,754   1   3

Group turnover was £34,099 million in the year, up 1% AER, 3% CER.

Pharmaceuticals turnover in the year was £17,056 million, down 3% AER, 1% CER. Respiratory sales were up 22% AER, 23% CER, to
£3,749 million. HIV sales were flat at AER, up 1% CER, to £4,876 million. Sales of Established Pharmaceuticals declined 16% AER, 15% CER to £7,332 million.

Vaccines turnover declined 2% AER, 1% CER to £6,982 million, primarily driven by the adverse impact of the

COVID-19
 pandemic on Hepatitis vaccines, DTPa-containing vaccines,
Synflorix
 and
Bexsero
, together with the divestment of Rabipur and Encepur. This decline was partly offset by higher sales of
Influenza vaccines across all regions and by
Shingrix
 growth in Europe, China and the US, together with a strong performance from
Cervarix
 in China.

Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines Innovation sales (sales of products launched in the last five years) amounted to £4.1 billion in 2020, driven by sales of

Shingrix, Trelegy, Juluca, Dovato and Zejula
.

Reported Consumer Healthcare sales grew 12% AER and 14% CER to £10,033 million for the
full year, largely driven by the inclusion of the Pfizer portfolio, partly offset by brands divested/under review.

Consumer Healthcare Innovation sales
(sales of products

new to market in the last three years) amounted to 11% of Consumer Healthcare sales reflecting a continued focus on Oral Health and Pain Relief categories.

Pharmaceuticals turnover

2020 £m   2019 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Respiratory   3,749   3,081   22   23
HIV   4,876   4,854   –   1
Immuno-inflammation   727   613   19   20
Oncology   372   230   62   62
Established Pharmaceuticals   7,332   8,776   (16   )   (15   )
17,056   17,554   (3   )   (1   )

Pharmaceuticals turnover in the year was £17,056 million, down 3% AER, 1% CER. Respiratory sales were up 22% AER,
23% CER, to £3,749 million, on growth of
Trelegy
,
Nucala
 and
Relvar
/Breo
. HIV sales were flat at AER, up 1% CER, to £4,876 million, with growth in
Juluca
 and
Dovato
 partly offset by

Tivicay
 and
Triumeq
. Sales of Established Pharmaceuticals declined 16% AER, 15% CER to £7,332 million.

24

Table of Contents

Towards the end of the first quarter, additional demand related to the

COVID-19
 pandemic had a positive impact on growth of HIV and Respiratory products. This effect broadly reversed in the second quarter, which saw lower levels of new patient prescriptions in the US and Europe
and reduced market demand for allergy and antibiotic products in International and Europe. These effects continued to be seen in the second half of the year.

In the US, sales grew 1% AER, 2% CER. Continued growth of
Nucala
,
Trelegy
,
Benlysta
,
Zejula
 and the HIV
two-drug
 regimens was partly offset by the decline in
Tivicay
,
Triumeq
 and Established Products, including the impact of generic albuterol substitutes.

In Europe, sales declined 1% AER, 1% CER, with growth from Respiratory, HIV and Oncology offset by the decline of Established Pharmaceuticals sales, impacted
by generic competition and lower demand for antibiotics during the
COVID-19
 pandemic period. Approximately one percentage point of decline was due to the impact of a

one-off
 UK
Relenza
 contract in the comparator.

International declined 9% AER, 5% CER, with Respiratory and

Benlysta
 growth partly offset by lower Established Pharmaceuticals sales. This included the impact of a weaker allergy season and generic competition for
Avolve
 in Japan, slower market growth during the

COVID-19
 pandemic period and government mandated changes increasing the use of generics in China.

Respiratory

Total Respiratory sales were up 22% AER, 23% CER, with strong growth in all regions. International Respiratory sales grew 24% AER, 27% CER including

Nucala
, up 45% AER, 46% CER and
Relvar
/Breo
, up 6% AER, 9% CER to £328 million. In Europe, Respiratory sales grew to £944 million up 21% AER, 20% CER. In the US, Respiratory grew 21% AER, 23% CER including

Trelegy
 and
Nucala
. US
Relvar
/Breo
 sales grew 24% AER, 25% CER, mainly due to the effect of a prior period RAR adjustment.

Sales of
Nucala
 were £994 million in the year and grew 29% AER, 30% CER, with US sales up 32% AER, 33% CER to £598 million.
Europe sales of £238 million grew 16% AER, 15% CER and International sales of £158 million grew 45% AER, 46% CER.

Trelegy

sales were up 58% AER, 59% CER to £819 million driven by growth in all regions. In the US, the new asthma indication was approved and launched in Q3 2020, with sales up 47% AER, 48% CER to £561 million. In Europe, sales grew
65% AER, 65% CER and in International, where
Trelegy
 asthma was approved in Japan in the quarter, sales grew to £90 million in the year.

Relvar
/Breo
 sales were up 16% AER, 17% CER to £1,124 million in the year. In the US,
Relvar
/Breo
 grew 24% AER, 25% CER,
mainly due to the effect of a prior period RAR adjustment. In Europe and International,
Relvar
/Breo
 continued to grow, up 14% AER, 13% CER and 6% AER, 9% CER respectively.

HIV

HIV sales were £4,876 million, flat at
AER, up 1% CER in the year. The dolutegravir franchise grew 1% AER, 2% CER, delivering sales of £4,702 million. The remaining portfolio, with sales of £174 million and 4% of total HIV sales, declined 21% AER, 20% CER and
reduced the overall growth of total HIV by one percentage point.

Sales of dolutegravir products were £4,702 million in the twelve months.

Tivicay
 delivered sales of £1,527 million, down 8% AER, 7% CER and
Triumeq
 sales were £2,306 million, down 10% AER, 9% CER. The
two-drug
 regimens,
Juluca
 and

Dovato
 delivered sales of £869 million in the twelve months, with combined growth more than offsetting decline in the three-drug regimen,
Triumeq
.

In the US, dolutegravir sales were flat at AER, up 1% CER, and in Europe dolutegravir sales grew 7% AER, 6% CER. Following recent launches of
Dovato
,
combined sales of the
two-drug
 regimens were £616 million in the US and £227 million in Europe, with growth offsetting the decline in
Triumeq
. International dolutegravir sales
declined 2% AER but grew 3% CER driven by
Tivicay
 tender business.

Oncology

Sales of
Zejula
, the PARP inhibitor asset acquired from Tesaro in Q1 2019, were £339 million in the year, up 48% AER, 48% CER, driven by
volume growth compared with the prior year.

Blenrep
 for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma was approved and
launched in the US and Europe in Q3 2020 and reported sales of £33 million.

Immuno-inflammation

Sales of
Benlysta
 in the year were up 17% AER, 19% CER to £719 million, including sales of the

sub-cutaneous
 formulation of £354 million up 32% AER, 33% CER.

Duvroq
 for patients with anaemia
due to chronic kidney disease was launched in Japan in Q3 2020 and reported sales in the International region of £8 million.

25

Table of Contents

Established Pharmaceuticals

Sales of Established Pharmaceuticals in the year were £7,332 million, down 16% AER, 15% CER.

Established Respiratory products declined 17% AER, 15% CER to £3,251 million.
Advair/Seretide
 and
Ventolin
 were impacted by generic
substitutes in the US and Europe, and
Flovent
 experienced price pressure in the US. In the International region, allergy sales were impacted by market contraction and a generic launch in Japan.

The remainder of the Established Pharmaceuticals portfolio declined 16% AER, 14% CER to £4,081 million on lower demand for antibiotics during the
COVID-19
 pandemic period, the impact of government mandated changes increasing the use of generics in markets including Japan, France and China, and a strong comparator, including a European contract.

26

Table of Contents

Vaccines

Vaccines turnover

2020 £m   2019 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Meningitis   1,029   1,018   1   3
Influenza   733   541   35   37
Shingles   1,989   1,810   10   11
Established Vaccines   3,231   3,788   (15   )   (14   )
6,982   7,157   (2   )   (1   )

Vaccines turnover declined 2% AER, 1% CER to £6,982 million, primarily driven by the adverse impact of the
COVID-19
 pandemic on Hepatitis vaccines, DTPa-containing vaccines,
Synflorix
 and
Bexsero
, together with the divestment of Rabipur and Encepur. This decline was partly offset by higher sales of
Influenza vaccines across all regions and by
Shingrix
 growth in Europe, China and the US, together with a strong performance from
Cervarix
 in China.

Vaccines performance across all regions was affected by lower demand due to limited visits to healthcare practitioners and points of vaccination during the
pandemic and government
stay-at-home
 directives. In areas where lockdowns were lifted, wellness visits and vaccination rates recovered, with paediatric vaccination near
pre-COVID
 levels by the end of Q2 2020, while adolescent and adult immunisations improved at a slower pace. US
back-to-school

vaccinations were disrupted because schools and universities delayed or reversed
in-person
 tuition, which elongated the

back-to-school
 vaccination season into Q4 2020. Adult wellness visits returned to prior year levels at the end of Q3 2020 supported by seasonal flu vaccination and
declined late in Q4 2020 as pandemic conditions worsened.

In the following categories declines are related to pandemic impacts unless stated otherwise.

Meningitis

Meningitis sales grew 1% AER, 3% CER to
£1,029 million.
Bexsero
 sales declined 4% AER, 2% CER to £650 million, reflecting lower demand in the US and International, partly offset by lower US returns and rebates.

Menveo
 sales declined 1% AER but grew 1% CER to £265 million, primarily driven by higher demand in Europe and lower US returns and rebates,
partly offset by lower demand in the US and competitive pressure in International.

In the US,
Bexsero
 and
Menveo
 both grew market share.

Influenza

Fluarix/FluLaval
 sales were
£733 million, up 35% AER, 37% CER, primarily reflecting robust demand across all regions resulting from strong government recommendations that prioritised flu vaccination during
COVID-19
 pandemic
conditions, together with the reversal of a prior year returns provision in the US.

Shingles

Shingrix
 grew 10% AER, 11% CER to £1,989 million, primarily driven by a strong performance in Europe reflecting robust underlying demand in
Germany. The launch of
Shingrix
 in China also contributed to sales growth. In the US, a decline in demand in Q2 and Q3 2020 due to lower adult wellness visits and vaccination rates was partially offset by strong uptake in Q1 2020 and return
to growth, as expected, in Q4 2020 supported by
co-administration
 with seasonal flu vaccination programmes.

Established Vaccines

Sales of DTPa-containing vaccines
(
Infanrix
,
Pediarix
 and
Boostrix
) declined by 16% AER, 15% CER.
Infanrix
/Pediarix
 sales declined 14% AER, 13% CER to £629 million, reflecting lower demand in the US and unfavourable
year-on-year
 US CDC stockpile movements, together with supply constraints and competitive pressures in Europe.

Boostrix
 sales were down 18% AER, 18% CER to £476 million primarily due to lower vaccination rates across all regions.

Hepatitis vaccines declined 34% AER, 33% CER to £576 million, adversely impacted in the US and Europe by lower demand and travel restrictions,
together with competition returning to the market in the US.

Synflorix
 sales declined by 14% AER, 14% CER to £402 million, primarily
due to lower demand in International and supply constraints in Emerging Markets.

Rotarix
 sales were flat at AER but grew 1% at CER to
£559 million, reflecting improved supply in Emerging Markets and higher demand in Europe, partly offset by lower channel inventory in the US.

MMRV vaccines sales grew 13% AER, 14% CER to £261 million, largely driven by improved supply and increased market shares in Europe.

27

Table of Contents

Consumer Healthcare

Consumer Healthcare turnover

2020 £m   2019 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Oral health   2,753   2,673   3   6
Pain relief   2,219   1,781   25   27
Vitamins, minerals and supplements   1,506   611   >100   >100
Respiratory health   1,209   1,186   2   4
Digestive health and other   1,824   1,646   11   14
9,511   7,897   20   23
Brands divested/under review   522   1,098   (52   )   (51   )
10,033   8,995   12   14

2020 £m   2019 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
US   3,408   2,583   32   33
Europe   2,619   2,456   7   6
International   4,006   3,956   1   7
10,033   8,995   12   14

On a reported basis, sales grew 12% AER and 14% CER to £10,033 million for the full year, largely driven by the
inclusion of the Pfizer portfolio, partly offset by brands divested/under review.

Overall results benefited from very strong growth in Vitamins, minerals
and supplements as well as continued growth in Oral health, Pain relief and Digestive health and other. Although Respiratory health sales were up 4% CER for the full year this benefited from increased consumption in the first quarter, with sales
declines throughout the rest of the year which were particularly pronounced in the fourth quarter as a result of the historically weak cold and flu season.

Quarterly performance was volatile during the year as a direct result of the
COVID-19
 pandemic.

Oral health

Oral health sales grew 3% AER, 6% CER to
£2,753 million.
Sensodyne
 continued to outperform with
low-double
 digit growth, reflecting underlying brand strength, successful innovation including
Sensodyne
Sensitivity
 & Gum
 and strong consumer uptake in traditional retail and
e-commerce
 channels in the US. Gum health continued to deliver double digit growth, consistent with trends
throughout the year, whilst Denture care declined in
low-single
 digits given challenging market conditions consistent with prior quarters.

Pain relief

Pain relief grew 25% AER, 27% CER to
£2,219 million.
Panadol
 increased in
mid-single
 digits with increased consumption earlier in the year offsetting brand decline in the final quarter.
Advil
 delivered improved
performance in the US in the second half of the year and ended the year up in
low-single
 digits.

Vitamins,
minerals and supplements

Vitamins, minerals and supplements more than doubled at AER and CER to £1,506 million. The particularly strong
category growth reflected the continued consumer focus on health and wellness, consistent with previous quarters and as a result of the
COVID-19
 pandemic, combined with the business’s ability to
successfully and quickly adapt, execute and deliver to meet consumer needs.

Respiratory health

Respiratory health sales grew 2% AER, 4% CER to £1,209 million, benefiting from the inclusion of the Pfizer portfolio, partly offset by a lower cold
and flu season in the final quarter which more than offset the benefit from increased consumption in the first quarter due to the COVID-19 pandemic, as a result of which
Contac
 and
Theraflu
 declined for the full year. Allergy and nasal
product performance was more mixed with
Flonase
 growth in
low-single
 digits and
Otrivin
 declining in
mid-single
 digits.

28

Table of Contents

Digestive health and other

Digestive health and other brands grew 11% AER, 14% CER to £1,824 million, with growth in Digestive health products partly offset by a decline in
Skin health products and other
non-strategic
 brands. Smokers’ health products were flat for the year.

Cost of sales

2020 £m   2019 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Total cost of sales   (11,704   )   (11,863   )   (1   )   —
Adjusted cost of sales   (10,191   )   (10,079   )   1   2

Total cost of sales as a percentage of turnover was 34.3%, 0.8 percentage points lower at AER and 1.0 percentage points lower
in CER terms compared with 2019. This primarily reflected lower unwinding of the fair market value uplift on inventory arising on completion of the Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture with Pfizer in Q3 2019.

Excluding these and other Adjusting items, Adjusted cost of sales as a percentage of turnover was 29.9%, flat at AER, but 0.1 percentage points lower at CER
compared with 2019. This reflected a more favourable product mix in Pharmaceuticals and a further contribution from restructuring savings in Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines and integration savings in Consumer Healthcare, partly offset by adverse
product mix in Vaccines and continued adverse pricing pressure in Pharmaceuticals, principally in Established Respiratory.

Selling, general and
administration

2020 £m   2019 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Total selling, general and administration   (11,456   )   (11,402   )   —   2
Adjusted selling, general and administration   (10,717   )   (10,715   )   —   2

Total selling, general and administration (SG&A) costs as a percentage of turnover were 33.6%, 0.2 percentage points lower
at AER and 0.2 percentage points lower at CER compared with 2019. This reflected lower significant legal and transaction costs offset by increased Major restructuring costs and separation costs.

Excluding these and other Adjusting items, Adjusted SG&A costs as a percentage of turnover were 31.4%, 0.3 percentage points lower at AER than in 2019 and
0.3 percentage points lower on a CER basis

The growth in Adjusted SG&A costs, although flat at AER, grew 2% CER and reflected the benefits from
restructuring including
one-off
 benefits from restructuring of post-retirement benefits and the continuing benefit of restructuring in Pharmaceuticals, Consumer Healthcare and support functions, reduced
variable spending across all three businesses as a result of the
COVID-19
 lockdowns and tight control of ongoing costs, particularly in
non-promotional
 spending across
all three businesses. This was partly offset by increased investment in promotional product support, particularly for new launches in Vaccines, Respiratory and HIV.

Research and development

2020 £m   2019 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Total research and development   (5,098   )   (4,568   )   12   12
Adjusted research and development   (4,603   )   (4,339   )   6   7

Total R&D expenditure was £5,098 million (15.0% of turnover), up 12% AER, 12% CER, including an increase in
Major restructuring costs and intangible impairments. Adjusted R&D expenditure was £4,603 million (13.5% of turnover), 6% higher at AER, 7% higher at CER than in 2019.

Adjusting items reconciling Adjusted R&D expenditure to Total R&D expenditure are not allocated by business and therefore Total R&D expenditure by
business is not presented.

Pharmaceuticals Adjusted R&D expenditure was £3,636 million, up 9% AER, 9% CER, primarily driven by the
significant increase in investment in Oncology, reflecting the progression of a number of key programmes including
Blenrep
, feladilimab and bintrafusp alfa, as well as progression of
COVID-19
 treatment
programmes
(VIR-7831,
 otilimab). This was partly offset by a reduction in investment in research and several Specialty and Primary Care programmes (daprodustat,
Trelegy
, HIV) as well as efficiency
savings from the implementation of the One Development programme for Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines as part of the Separation Preparation restructuring programme and reductions in variable spending as a result of

COVID-19
 lockdowns.

29

Table of Contents

Adjusted R&D expenditure in Vaccines was £686 million, down 4% AER, 4% CER reflecting
efficiency savings from the implementation of the One Development programme and reductions in variable spending as a result of
COVID-19
 lockdowns.
Adjusted R&D expenditure in Consumer Healthcare was
£281 million.

Royalty income

Royalty
income was £318 million (2019 – £351 million), down 9% AER, 9% CER, primarily reflecting genericisation of Transderm Scop in Consumer Healthcare and lower sales of Gardasil.

Other operating income/(expense)

Net other operating
income of £1,624 million (2019 – £689 million) primarily reflected the net profit on disposal of the Horlicks and other Consumer Healthcare brands of £2,815 million in Q2 2020, which was after reversal of
£240 million of embedded derivative gains on the value of the shares taken in prior years. This was partly offset by the related loss on sale of the shares in Hindustan Unilever in Q2 2020 of £476 million. Other operating
income also included an increase in profit and milestone income from a number of asset disposals.

This was partly offset by accounting charges of
£1,234 million (2019 – £127 million credits) arising from the
re-measurement
 of the contingent consideration liabilities related to the acquisitions of the former Shionogi-ViiV
Healthcare joint venture and the former Novartis Vaccines business and the liabilities for the Pfizer put option and Pfizer and Shionogi preferential dividends in ViiV Healthcare. This included a

re-measurement
 charge of £1,114 million (2019 – £31 million) for the contingent consideration liability due to Shionogi, primarily arising from changes in sales forecasts, exchange rate
assumptions and the unwind of discounting.

Operating profit

Total operating profit was £7,783 million in 2020 compared with £6,961 million in 2019. This reflected the profit on disposal of the
Horlicks and other Consumer Healthcare brands and resultant sale of shares in Hindustan Unilever as well as increased income from asset disposals. This was partly offset by higher
re-measurement
 charges on the
contingent consideration liabilities.

Excluding these and other Adjusting items, Adjusted operating profit was £8,906 million, 1% lower than
2019 at AER and 2% higher at CER on a turnover increase of 3% CER. The Adjusted operating margin of 26.1% was 0.5 percentage points lower at AER, and 0.2 percentage points lower on a CER basis than in 2019.

The reduction in Adjusted operating profit of 1% at AER reflects the adverse impact from the reduction in sales in Vaccines as a result of the
COVID-19
 pandemic, investment in R&D including a significant increase in Oncology, partly on the assets from the Tesaro acquisition and initiation of several
COVID-19

programmes, continuing price pressure, principally in Established Respiratory, including the impact of the launch of a generic version of
Advair
 in the US in February 2019 and investments in promotional product support, particularly for new
launches in Vaccines, HIV and Respiratory. This was offset by reduced promotional and variable spending across all three businesses as a result of the
COVID-19
 lockdowns, a

one-off
 benefit in Q3 2020 from restructuring of post-retirement benefits and the continuing benefit of restructuring in Pharmaceuticals, Consumer Healthcare and support functions and tight control of ongoing
costs, particularly in
non-promotional
 spending across all three businesses.

Contingent consideration cash
payments which are made to Shionogi and other companies reduce the balance sheet liability and hence are not recorded in the income statement. Total contingent consideration cash payments in 2020 amounted to £885 million (2019 –
£893 million). This included cash payments made to Shionogi of £858 million (2019 – £865 million).

Adjusted operating
profit by business

Pharmaceuticals operating profit was £4,185 million, down 9% AER, 7% CER on a turnover decrease of 1% CER. The operating
margin of 24.5% was 1.6 percentage points lower at AER than in 2019 and 1.5 percentage points lower on a CER basis. This primarily reflected a significant increase in Oncology R&D as well as the continued impact of lower prices, including the
impact of the launch of a generic version of
Advair
 in the US in February 2019, and investment in new product support and targeted priority markets. This was partly offset by the reduced promotional and variable spending as a result of the
COVID-19
 lockdowns and the continued benefit of restructuring and tight control of ongoing costs.

Vaccines operating
profit was £2,713 million, down 9% AER, 6% CER on a turnover decrease of 1% CER. The operating margin of 38.9% was 2.6 percentage points lower at AER than in 2019 and 1.9 percentage points lower on a CER basis. This was primarily driven
by the negative operating leverage from the
COVID-19
 related sales decline and investment behind key brands.

Consumer Healthcare operating profit was £2,213 million, up 18% AER, 22% CER on a turnover increase of 14% CER. Taking into account the operating
profit of the Pfizer consumer healthcare business as if it had been acquired on 1 January 2019, operating profit was lower on a CER basis on a turnover decrease on a CER basis. The operating margin of 22.1% was 1.2 percentage points higher at AER
and 1.5 percentage points higher on a CER basis than in 2019. The higher margin was driven by higher than normal sales growth in Q1 2020 due to
COVID-19
 and synergy delivery from the Pfizer integration. This
was partially offset by the impact of divestments and increased targeted promotional investment.

30

Table of Contents

Net finance costs

Finance income   2020 £m   2019 £m
Interest and other income   39   79
Fair value movements   5   19
44   98
Finance expense
Interest expense   (822   )   (840   )
Unwinding of discounts on provisions   (3   )   (8   )
Remeasurements and fair value movements   (4   )   (1   )
Finance expense on lease liabilities   (40   )   (39   )
Other finance expense   (23   )   (24   )
(892   )   (912   )

Total net finance costs were £848 million compared with £814 million in 2019. Adjusted net finance costs
were £844 million compared with £810 million in 2019. The increase reflects lower interest income on overseas cash post-closing of the divestment of Horlicks and other Consumer Healthcare nutrition products in India and a
number of other countries, a premium paid on early repayment and refinancing of bond debt in Q4 2020 and a fair value gain on interest rate swaps in the 2019 comparator, partly offset by reduced interest expense from lower debt levels and
refinancing at lower rates.

Share of
after-tax
 profits of associates and joint ventures

The share of
after-tax
 profits of associates was £33 million (2019 – £74 million). 2019 included
a
one-off
 adjustment of £51 million to reflect GSK’s share of increased after tax profits of Innoviva, primarily as a result of a
non-recurring
 income
tax benefit.

Profit before tax

Taking account of
net finance costs and the share of profits of associates, profit before taxation was £6,968 million compared with £6,221 million in 2019.

31

Table of Contents

Taxation

2020 £m   2019 £m
UK current year charge   30   149
Rest of world current year charge   1,177   1,407
Charge/(credit) in respect of prior periods   66   (420   )
Total current taxation   1,273   1,136
Total deferred taxation   (693   )   (183   )
Taxation on total profits   580   953

The charge of £580 million represented an effective tax rate on Total results of 8.3% (2019 – 15.3%) and
reflected the different tax effects of the various Adjusting items, including the disposal of Horlicks and other Consumer Healthcare brands to Unilever and subsequent disposal of shares received in Hindustan Unilever. Tax on Adjusted profit amounted
to £1,295 million and represented an effective Adjusted tax rate of 16.0% (2019 – 16.0%).

Issues related to taxation are described in
Note 14 to the financial statements, ‘Taxation’, which are incorporated by reference in Item 18 below. The Group continues to believe it has made adequate provision for the liabilities likely to arise from periods which are open and not
yet agreed by tax authorities. The ultimate liability for such matters may vary from the amounts provided and is dependent upon the outcome of agreements with relevant tax authorities.

Non-controlling
 interests

The allocation of Total earnings to
non-controlling
 interests amounted to £639 million (2019 –
£623 million). The increase was primarily due to an increased allocation of Consumer Healthcare profits of £374 million (2019 – £70 million) following the completion of the new Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture with
Pfizer on 31 July 2019, and which included the unwind of the fair value uplift on acquired inventory and major restructuring costs. This was partly offset by a reduced allocation of ViiV Healthcare profits of £223 million (2019
– £482 million), including increased charges for
re-measurement
 of contingent consideration liabilities.

The allocation of Adjusted earnings to
non-controlling
 interests amounted to £1,031 million (2019 –
£787 million). The increase in allocation primarily reflected an increased allocation of Consumer Healthcare profits of £515 million (2019 – £204 million) following the completion of the new Consumer Healthcare Joint
Venture with Pfizer on 31 July 2019 partly offset by a reduced allocation of ViiV Healthcare profits of £474 million (2019 – £512 million), and lower net profits in some of the Group’s other entities with
non-controlling
 interests, primarily Consumer Healthcare India following the Horlicks and other Consumer brands disposal.

Earnings per share

Total earnings per share (EPS) was
115.5p, compared with 93.9p in 2019. The increase in EPS primarily reflected the net profit on disposal of Horlicks and other Consumer Healthcare brands as well as increased income from asset disposals, partly offset by higher
re-measurement
 charges on the contingent consideration liabilities, higher major restructuring charges and a
one-off
 benefit in 2019 from increased share of
after-tax
 profits of the associate Innoviva.

Adjusted EPS was 115.9p compared with 123.9p in 2019, down 6% AER, 4% CER,
on a 2% CER increase in Adjusted operating profit.

The reduction primarily resulted from a higher
non-controlling

interest allocation of Consumer Healthcare profits and reduced share of
after-tax
 profits of associates resulting from a
non-recurring
 income tax benefit in Innoviva.

Dividends

The Board declared four interim dividends
resulting in a total dividend for the year of 80 pence, in line with the dividend declared for 2019. See Note 16 to the financial statements, ‘Dividends’.

Dividend policy

GSK recognises the importance of
dividends to shareholders and aims to distribute regular dividend payments that will be determined primarily with reference to the free cash flow generated by the business after funding the investment necessary to support the Group’s future
growth.

The Board currently intends to maintain the dividend for 2021 at the current level of 80p per share, subject to any material change in the
external environment or performance expectations.

At our Biopharma Investor Update in June we plan to set out in detail the growth prospects and
financial outlook for the new Biopharma company over the medium term, including a detailed review of the pipeline we have been building over recent years. Alongside these we will provide details of a new distribution policy which reflects the
optimised capital structure and investment priorities focused on delivering sustainable long-term shareholder value. We anticipate that this new policy will deliver competitive and attractive returns informed by appropriate earnings
pay-out
 ratios through the investment cycle well covered by Free Cash Flow and, importantly, expected growth potential. We expect that aggregate distributions for GSK will be lower than at present. This new policy
will be implemented for dividends paid in respect of 2022.

32

Table of Contents

Outlook

We delivered on our strategic priorities in 2020. In 2021, as planned we will continue to increase investment in our pipeline, build on our
top-line
 momentum for key growth drivers and largely complete readiness for separation. Assuming healthcare systems and consumer trends approach normality in the second half of the year, we expect Pharmaceuticals
revenue to grow flat to
low-single
 digits and Consumer Healthcare revenue to grow low to
mid-single
 digits excluding brands divested/under review with above market
growth. For our Vaccines business, we now anticipate further disruption during the first half of the year, given governments’ prioritisation of
COVID-19
 vaccination programmes and the resurgence in late
2020 of the pandemic. This is expected to impact adult and adolescent immunisations, including
Shingrix
, notably in the US. Despite this short-term impact we remain very confident in demand for these products, and expect strong recovery and
contribution to growth from
Shingrix
 in the second half of the year. We expect Vaccines revenue for 2021 to grow flat to
low-single
 digits. Reflecting these factors, our guidance range for 2021 is a
decline of mid to high-single digit per cent Adjusted EPS at CER.

Our guidance does not include the impact of the intended change in the UK corporation
tax rate from 19% to 25% effective from 1 April 2023 which was announced on 3 March 2021. Please see Note 47, ‘Post balance sheet events’ to the financial statements incorporated by reference in Item 18 below.

We are not able to give guidance for Total results as we cannot reliably forecast certain material elements of our Total results such as impairments of
intangible assets and the future fair value movements on contingent consideration and put options, including those arising from changes in foreign exchange rates, and therefore a reconciliation of the guidance for Adjusted results to equivalent
guidance for Total results is not available without unreasonable effort.

All expectations, guidance and targets regarding future performance and dividend
payments should be read together with the ‘Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements’ and ‘Assumptions related to 2021 guidance’ on the inside back cover of the GSK Annual Report 2020.

33

Table of Contents

Major restructuring and integration

Within the Pharmaceuticals sector, the highly regulated manufacturing operations and supply chains and long life cycle of the business mean that restructuring
programmes, particularly those that involve the rationalisation or closure of manufacturing or R&D sites are likely to take several years to complete.

Major restructuring costs are those related to specific Board-approved Major restructuring programmes and are excluded from Adjusted results. Major
restructuring programmes, including integration costs following material acquisitions, are those that are structural and are of a significant scale where the costs of individual or related projects exceed £25 million. Other ordinary
course smaller-scale restructuring costs are retained within Total and Adjusted results.

34

Table of Contents

Total Major restructuring charges incurred in 2020 were £1,532 million (2019 – £1,105
million), analysed as follows:

2020   2019
Cash £m   Non- cash £m   Total £m   Cash £m   Non- cash £m   Total £m
2018 major restructuring programme (incl. Tesaro)   105   210   315   227   572   799
Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture integration programme   298   28   326   248   4   252
Separation Preparation restructuring programme   625   216   841   –   –   –
Combined restructuring and integration programme   39   11   50   10   44   54
1,067   465   1,532   485   620   1,105

Cash charges of £625 million under the Separation Preparation programme primarily arose from restructuring of
Vaccines manufacturing and R&D functions as part of building the One Development organisation for Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines as well as restructuring of commercial pharmaceuticals and some administrative functions.
Non-cash
 charges of £216 million were related to write-down of assets in sites in the Pharmaceuticals Supply Chain.

Cash charges of £298 million under the Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture programme primarily related to severance and integration costs. The
commercial integration of Consumer Healthcare is now largely completed and the manufacturing integration is well underway.

The 2018 major restructuring
programme incurred cash charges of £105 million in relation to severance costs for restructuring of the manufacturing organisation, R&D and some administrative functions as well as the integration of Tesaro and
non-cash
 charges of £210 million for write-downs on disposal of sites.

Total cash payments made in 2020 were
£737 million (2019 – £645 million), £115 million for the existing Combined restructuring and integration programme (2019 – £316 million), £179 million (2019 – £164 million) under the
2018 major restructuring programme including the settlement of certain charges accrued in previous quarters, a further £291 million (2019 – £165 million) relating to the Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture integration programme
and £152 million relating to the Separation Preparation restructuring programme.

The analysis of Major restructuring charges by business was
as follows:

2020 £m   2019 £m
Pharmaceuticals   671   651
Vaccines   214   58
Consumer Healthcare   374   321
1,259   1,030
Corporate and central functions   273   75
Total Major restructuring charges   1,532   1,105

The analysis of Major restructuring charges by income statement line was as follows:

2020 £m   2019 £m
Cost of sales   667   658
Selling, general and administration   659   332
Research and development   206   114
Other operating income/(expense)   —   1
Total Major restructuring charges   1,532   1,105

35

Table of Contents

The benefit in the year from the 2018 major restructuring programme was £0.1 billion and the
benefit from the Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture integration was £0.2 billion and the benefit from the Separation Preparation restructuring programme was £0.1 billion.

The 2018 major restructuring programme, including Tesaro, is expected to cost £1.75 billion over the period to 2021, with cash costs of
£0.85 billion and
non-cash
 costs of £0.9 billion, and is expected to deliver annual savings of around £450 million by 2021 (at 2019 rates). These savings are intended to be
fully reinvested to help fund targeted increases in R&D and commercial support of new products.

The completion of the Consumer Healthcare Joint
Venture with Pfizer is expected to realise substantial cost synergies, generating total annual cost savings of £0.5 billion by 2022 for expected cash costs of £0.7 billion and
non-cash

charges now expected to be £0.1 billion, plus additional capital expenditure of £0.2 billion. Up to 25% of the cost savings are intended to be reinvested in the business to support innovation and other growth opportunities.

The Group initiated in Q1 2020 a
two-year
 Separation Preparation programme to prepare for the separation of GSK
into two companies: New GSK, a biopharma company with an R&D approach focused on science related to the immune system, the use of genetics and new technologies, and a new leader in consumer healthcare.

The programme aims to:

•   Drive a common approach to R&D with improved capital allocation

•   Align and improve the capabilities and efficiency of global support functions to support New GSK

•   Further optimise the supply chain and product portfolio, including the divestment of non-core assets. A strategic review of prescription dermatology is underway

•   Prepare Consumer Healthcare to operate as a standalone company

The programme continues to target delivery of £0.7 billion of annual savings by 2022 and £0.8 billion by 2023, with total costs
estimated at £2.4 billion, of which £1.6 billion is expected to be cash costs. The proceeds of anticipated divestments are largely expected to cover the cash costs of the programme.

Transaction-related adjustments

Transaction-related
adjustments resulted in a net charge of £1,308 million (2019 – £345 million). This included a net £1,234 million accounting charge for the
re-measurement
 of the contingent
consideration liabilities related to the acquisitions of the former Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare joint venture and the former Novartis Vaccines business and the liabilities for the Pfizer put option and Pfizer and Shionogi preferential dividends in ViiV
Healthcare.

Charge/(credit)   2020 £m   2019 £m
Contingent consideration on former Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare Joint Venture (including Shionogi
preferential dividends)   1,114   31
ViiV Healthcare put options and Pfizer preferential dividends   (52   )   (234   )
Contingent consideration on former Novartis Vaccines business   172   76
Release of fair value uplift on acquired Pfizer inventory   91   366
Other adjustments   (17   )   106
Total transaction-related charges   1,308   345

The £1,114 million charge relating to the contingent consideration for the former Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare joint
venture represented an increase in the valuation of the contingent consideration due to Shionogi, as a result of a £408 million unwind of the discount and £706 million primarily from adjustments to sales forecasts as well as
updated exchange rate assumptions. The £52 million credit relating to the ViiV Healthcare put options and Pfizer preferential dividends represented a decrease in the valuation of the put option as a result of adjustments to multiples and
sales forecasts and updated exchange rate assumptions.

The ViiV Healthcare contingent consideration liability is fair valued under IFRS. The potential
impact of the
COVID-19
 pandemic remains uncertain and, at 31 December 2020, it has been assumed that there will be no significant impact on the long-term value of the liability. This position remains
under review and the amount of the liability will be updated in future quarters as further information on the impact of the pandemic becomes available. An explanation of the accounting for the
non-controlling

interests in ViiV Healthcare is set out above under “Reporting framework”.

36

Table of Contents

Divestments, significant legal charges and other items

Divestments and other items included a gain in the year of £2,339 million arising from the net profit on disposal of the Horlicks and other Consumer
Healthcare brands of £2,815 million in Q2 2020, after reversal of £240 million of embedded derivative gains on the value of the shares taken in prior years. This was partly offset by the related loss on sale of the shares in
Hindustan Unilever in Q2 2020 of £476 million. Divestments and other items also included milestone income and gains from a number of asset disposals and certain other Adjusting items. A charge of £7 million (2019 –
£251 million) for significant legal matters included the settlement of existing matters as well as provisions for ongoing litigation. Significant legal cash payments were £9 million (2019 – £294 million).

Separation costs

From Q2 2020, the Group has started to
report additional costs to prepare Consumer Healthcare for separation. These are estimated at
£600-£700 million,
 excluding transaction costs.

37

Table of Contents

Cash generation and conversion

A summary of the consolidated cash flow statement is set out below.

2020 £m   2019 £m
Net cash inflow from operating activities   8,441   8,020
Net cash inflow/(outflow) from investing activities   2,161   (5,354   )
Net cash outflow from financing activities   (10,132   )   (1,840   )
Increase in cash and bank overdrafts   470   826
Cash and bank overdrafts at beginning of year   4,831   4,087
Increase in cash and bank overdrafts   470   826
Exchange adjustments   (39   )   (82   )
Cash and bank overdrafts at end of year   5,262   4,831
Cash and bank overdrafts at end of year comprise:
Cash and cash equivalents   6,292   4,707
Cash and cash equivalents reported in assets held for sale   —   507
Overdrafts   (1,030   )   (383   )
5,262   4,831

The net cash inflow from operating activities for the year was £8,441 million (2019 – £8,020 million).
The increase primarily reflected beneficial timing of payments for returns and rebates, reduced legal payments and improved operating profits, partly offset by an increase in trade receivables, increased tax payments including tax on disposals and
adverse exchange impacts. There has not been any significant impact on trade collections or payables as a result of the
COVID-19
 pandemic.

Capital expenditure and financial investment

Cash
payments for tangible and intangible fixed assets amounted to £2,239 million (2019 – £2,163 million) and disposals realised £1,582 million (2019 – £603 million). Cash payments to acquire equity investments
amounted to £411 million (2019 – £258 million), primarily relating to Vir Biotechnology and CureVac AG, and sales of equity investments realised £3,269 million (2019 – £69 million) mainly relating to the
proceeds arising from the sale of the shares in Hindustan Unilever acquired as a result of the disposal of the Horlicks and other Consumer Healthcare brands.

Free cash flow

Free cash flow is the amount of cash
generated by the Group after meeting our obligations for contingent consideration, interest, tax and dividends paid to
non-controlling
 interests, and after capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment
and intangible assets.

2020 £m   2019 £m
Free cash inflow   5,406   5,073

Total cash payments to Shionogi in relation to the ViiV Healthcare contingent consideration liability in the year were
£858 million (2019 – £865 million), of which £751 million was recognised in cash flows from operating activities and £107 million was recognised in contingent consideration paid within investing cash
flows. These payments are deductible for tax purposes.

Reconciliation of net cash inflow from operating activities to free cash flow

A reconciliation of net cash inflow from operating activities, which is the closest equivalent IFRS measure to free cash flow, is shown below.

2020 £m   2019 £m
Net cash inflow from operating activities   8,441   8,020
Purchase of property, plant and equipment   (1,226   )   (1,265   )
Purchase of intangible assets   (1,013   )   (898   )
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment   68   95
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets   1,255   404
Interest paid   (864   )   (895   )
Interest received   39   82
Dividends from associates and joint ventures   31   7
Contingent consideration paid (reported in investing activities)   (120   )   (113   )
Contribution from non-controlling interests   3   —
Distributions to non-controlling interests   (1,208   )   (364   )
Free cash flow   5,406   5,073

38

Table of Contents

Future cash flow

Over the long term, we expect that future cash generated from operations will be sufficient to fund our operating and debt servicing costs, normal levels of
capital expenditure, obligations under existing licensing agreements, expenditure arising from restructuring programmes and other routine outflows including tax, pension contributions and dividends, subject to the ‘Principal risks and
uncertainties’ discussed under Item 3.D “Risk Factors” above. We may from time to time have additional demands for finance, such as for acquisitions, including potentially acquiring increased ownership interests in the ViiV Healthcare
business where minority shareholders hold put options. We have access to multiple sources of liquidity from short and long-term capital markets and financial institutions for such needs, in addition to the cash flow from operations.

Investment appraisal and capital allocation

We have a
strong framework for capital allocation, including a board to govern the allocation of capital between our businesses. We utilise a consistent cash return on invested capital (CROIC) methodology to prioritise investment across the Group as a whole,
so that we can more effectively compare the returns from each of the businesses as we allocate capital between them. We also consider the impact on EPS and our credit profile where relevant.

39

Table of Contents

Financial position and resources

2020 £m   2019 £m
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment   10,176   10,348
Right of use assets   830   966
Goodwill   10,597   10,562
Other intangible assets   29,824   30,955
Investments in associates and joint ventures   364   314
Other investments   3,060   1,837
Deferred tax assets   4,287   4,096
Derivative financial instruments   5   103
Other non-current assets   1,041   1,020
Total non-current assets   60,184   60,201
Current assets
Inventories   5,996   5,947
Current tax recoverable   671   262
Trade and other receivables   6,952   7,202
Derivative financial instruments   152   421
Liquid investments   78   79
Cash and cash equivalents   6,292   4,707
Assets held for sale   106   873
Total current assets   20,247   19,491
Total assets   80,431   79,692
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings   (3,725   )   (6,918   )
Contingent consideration liabilities   (765   )   (755   )
Trade and other payables   (15,840   )   (14,939   )
Derivative financial instruments   (221   )   (188   )
Current tax payable   (545   )   (629   )
Short-term provisions   (1,052   )   (621   )
Total current liabilities   (22,148   )   (24,050   )
Non-current liabilities
Long-term borrowings   (23,425   )   (23,590   )
Corporation tax payable   (176   )   (189   )
Deferred tax liabilities   (3,600   )   (3,810   )
Pensions and other post-employment benefits   (3,650   )   (3,457   )
Other provisions   (707   )   (670   )
Derivative financial instruments   (10   )   (1   )
Contingent consideration liabilities   (5,104   )   (4,724   )
Other non-current liabilities   (803   )   (844   )
Total non-current liabilities   (37,475   )   (37,285   )
Total liabilities   (59,623   )   (61,335   )
Net assets   20,808   18,357
Total equity   20,808   18,357

Property, plant and equipment

Our business is science-based, technology-intensive and highly regulated by governmental authorities. We allocate significant financial resources to the
renewal and maintenance of our property, plant and equipment to minimise risks of interruption to production and to ensure compliance with regulatory standards. A number of our processes use hazardous materials.

40

Table of Contents

The total cost of our property, plant and equipment at 31 December 2020 was £21,483 million,
with a net book value of £10,176 million. Of this, land and buildings represented £3,898 million, plant and equipment £4,414 million and assets in construction £1,864 million. In 2020, we invested
£1,233 million in new property, plant and equipment. This was mainly related to a large number of projects for the renewal, improvement and expansion of facilities at various worldwide sites to support new product development and launches
as well as to improve the efficiency of existing supply chains. Property is mainly held freehold. New investment is financed from our liquid resources. At 31 December 2020, we had contractual commitments for future capital expenditure of
£528 million. We believe that our property and plant facilities are adequate for our current needs.

We observe stringent procedures and use
specialist skills to manage environmental risks from our activities. Environmental issues, sometimes dating from operations now modified or discontinued, are reported under ‘Environment’ on page 41 of the GSK Annual Report 2020
incorporated by reference in Item 4.B above and in Note 46 to the financial statements, ‘Legal proceedings’, incorporated by reference in Item 18 below.

41

Table of Contents

Right of use assets

Right of use assets amounted to £830 million at 31 December 2020 compared with £966 million on 1 January 2020. The decrease in
the year reflected the impact of depreciation and disposals of £225 million and £84 million respectively, partly offset by additions of £187 million.

Goodwill

Goodwill increased to
£10,597 million at 31 December 2020, from £10,562 million.

Other intangible assets

Other intangible assets include the cost of intangibles acquired from third parties and computer software. The net book value of other intangible assets as at
31 December 2020 was £29,824 million (2019 – £30,955 million). The decrease primarily reflected amortisation and impairment losses, net of reversals, in the year of £1,394 million.

Investments in associates and joint ventures

We held
investments in associates and joint ventures with a carrying value at 31 December 2020 of £364 million (2019 – £314 million). The market value at 31 December 2020 was £364 million (2019 – £396
million). The largest of these investments was in Innoviva Inc., which had a book value at 31 December 2020 of £291 million (2019 – £261 million) and a market value of £291 million. See Note 20 to the financial
statements, ‘Investments in associates and joint ventures’, incorporated by reference in Item 18 below.

Other investments

We held other investments with a carrying value at 31 December 2020 of £3,060 million (2019 – £1,837 million). The highest value
investments held at 31 December 2020 were in CureVac AG, which was acquired in the year and had a book value at 31 December 2020 of £887 million, Crispr Therapeutics, which had a book value of £361 million (2019
– £149 million) and Lyell Immunopharma, Inc., which had a book value at 31 December 2020 of £261 million (2019 – £155 million). The other investments included equity stakes in companies with which we have
research collaborations, and which provide access to biotechnology developments of potential interest and interests in companies that arise from business divestments.

Derivative financial instruments: assets

We held current
derivative financial assets at fair value of £152 million (2019 – £421 million) and
non-current
 derivative financial assets held at fair value of £5 million (2019 –
£103 million). The majority of these financial instruments related to foreign exchange contracts both designated and not designated as accounting hedges. At 31 December 2019, £240 million of current derivative financial assets
related to a derivative embedded in the agreement to divest Horlicks and other nutritional brands to Unilever plc. See Note 40 for further information.

Inventories

Inventory of £5,996 million
increased from £5,947 million in 2019.

Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables of £6,952 million decreased from £7,202 million in 2019.

Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets amounted to
£4,287 million (2019 – £4,096 million) at 31 December 2020.

Derivative financial instruments: liabilities

We held current and
non-current
 derivative financial liabilities at fair value of £231 million (2019 –
£189 million). This primarily related to foreign exchange contracts both designated and not designated as accounting hedges.

Trade and other
payables

At 31 December 2020, trade and other payables were £15,840 million compared with £14,939 million at
31 December 2019. The increase primarily reflected the impact of higher customer return and rebate accruals. See Note 28 to the financial statements, ‘Trade and other payables’, incorporated by reference in Item 18 below.

Provisions

We carried deferred tax provisions and other
short-term and
non-current
 provisions of £5,359 million at 31 December 2020 (2019 – £5,101 million). Other provisions at the
year-end
 included
£320 million (2019 – £198 million) related to legal and other disputes and £860 million (2019 – £505 million) related to Major restructuring programmes. Provision has been made for legal and other
disputes, indemnified disposal liabilities, employee related liabilities and the costs of the restructuring programme to the extent that at the balance sheet date a legal or constructive obligation existed and could be reliably estimated.

Pensions and other post-employment benefits

We account
for pension and other post-employment arrangements in accordance with IAS 19. The net deficits were £2,104 million (2019 – £1,921 million) on pension arrangements and £1,363 million (2019 – £1,418 million)
on unfunded post-employment liabilities. See Note 30 to the financial statements, ‘Pensions and other post-employment benefits’, incorporated by reference in Item 18 below.

Other
non-current
 liabilities

Other
non-current
 liabilities amounted to £803 million at 31 December 2020 (2019 – £844
million).

42

Table of Contents

Contingent consideration liabilities

Contingent consideration amounted to £5,869 million at 31 December 2020 (2019 – £5,479 million), of which £5,359 million
(2019 – £5,103 million) represented the estimated present value of amounts payable to Shionogi relating to ViiV Healthcare and £477 million (2019 – £339 million) represented the estimated present value of contingent
consideration payable to Novartis related to the Vaccines acquisition.

The liability due to Shionogi included £230 million in respect of
preferential dividends. The liability for preferential dividends due to Pfizer at 31 December 2020 was £1 million (2019 – £4 million). An explanation of the accounting for the

non-controlling
 interests in ViiV Healthcare is set out above under “Reporting framework”.

Of the total
contingent consideration payable (on a
post-tax
 basis) at 31 December 2020, £765 million (2019 – £755 million) is expected to be paid within one year. The consideration payable is
expected to be paid over a number of years. As a result, the total estimated liabilities are discounted to their present values, on a
post-tax
 basis using
post-tax

discount rates.

The Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare contingent consideration liability is discounted at 8.5% and the Novartis Vaccines contingent consideration
liability is discounted partly at 8% and partly at 9%.

43

Table of Contents

Net debt

2020 £m   2019 £m
Cash, cash equivalents and liquid investments   6,370   4,786
Cash, cash equivalents reported in assets held for sale   —   507
Borrowings – repayable within one year   (3,725   )   (6,918   )
Borrowings – repayable after one year   (23,425   )   (23,590   )
Net debt   (20,780   )   (25,215   )

At 31 December 2020, net debt was £20.8 billion, compared with £25.2 billion at 31 December
2019, comprising gross debt of £27.2 billion and cash and liquid investments of £6.4 billion. Net debt decreased due to the £3.3 billion proceeds from the Horlicks and other Consumer brands disposal including shares
in Hindustan Unilever of £2.7 billion and £0.6 billion of other assets, plus £0.6 billion of other business and asset disposals together with £5.4 billion free cash flow, partly offset by cash divested of
£0.5 billion, dividends paid to shareholders of £4.0 billion and £0.4 billion in additional investments.

At
31 December 2020, GSK had short-term borrowings (including overdrafts and lease liabilities) repayable within 12 months of £3.7 billion with loans of £2.6 billion repayable in the subsequent year.

At 31 December 2020, GSK’s cash and liquid investments were held as follows:

2020 £m   2019 £m
Bank balances and deposits   3,000   2,565
Bank balances and deposits reported in assets held for sale   —   507
US Treasury and Treasury repo only money market funds   317   102
Liquidity funds   2,975   2,040
Cash and cash equivalents   6,292   5,214
Liquid investments – government securities   78   79
6,370   5,293

Cash and liquid investments of £5.4 billion (2019 – £3.6 billion) were held centrally at
31 December 2020.

The analysis of cash and gross debt after the effects of hedging is as follows.

2020 £m   2019 £m
Cash and liquid investments   6,370   5,293
Gross debt– fixed 1   (24,538   )   (25,064   )
– floating   (2,612   )   (5,444   )
– non-interest bearing   —   —
Net debt   (20,780   )   (25,215   )

1   Includes £1.45 billion equivalent of notes swapped from floating to fixed
rates via interest rate swaps.

Movements in net debt

2020 £m   2019 £m
Net debt at beginning of year   (25,215   )   (21,621   )
Implementation of IFRS 16   —   (1,303   )
Net debt at beginning of year, as adjusted   (25,215   )   (22,924   )
Increase in cash and bank overdrafts   470   826
Increase/(decrease) in liquid investments   1   (1   )
Increase in long-term loans   (3,298   )   (4,794   )
Net repayment of short-term loans   7,305   1,065
Repayment of lease liabilities   227   214
Debt of subsidiary undertakings acquired   —   (524   )
Exchange movements   (135   )   1,015
Other movements   (135   )   (92   )
Net debt at end of year   (20,780   )   (25,215   )

44

Table of Contents

Interest rate benchmark reform

‘Interest rate benchmark reform – Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7’ was issued by the IASB in September 2019. These amendments modify
specific hedge accounting requirements to allow hedge accounting to continue for affected hedges during the period of uncertainty before the hedged items or hedging instruments affected by the current interest rate benchmarks are amended as a result
of the ongoing interest rate benchmark reforms.

At 31 December 2020, the Group was not directly exposed to interest rate benchmark reform as it held
no interest rate derivatives that referenced LIBOR and matured after the end of 2021 and all floating rate bonds were due to mature before the end of 2021.

The Group has closely monitored the market and the output from the various industry working groups managing the transition to new benchmark interest rates.
This includes announcements made by LIBOR regulators, including the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission, regarding the transition away from LIBOR (including GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and EURIBOR) to the
Sterling Overnight Index Average Rate (SONIA), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), and the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) respectively. The FCA has made it clear that, at the end of 2021, it will no longer seek to persuade, or compel,
banks to submit to LIBOR. The only exception to this is USD LIBOR, where the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE) Benchmark Administration (IBA), the
FCA-regulated
 and authorised administrator of LIBOR, has
announced that it will consult on its intention to cease USD LIBOR. IBA intends that, subject to confirmation following its consultation, one week and two month USD LIBOR settings will cease at the end of 2021, and that the USD LIBOR panel will
cease at the end of June 2023.

The Group is undertaking an interest rate benchmark transition programme to identify potential exposures within the
business and deliver a smooth transition to appropriate alternative benchmark rates.

Total equity

At 31 December 2020, total equity had increased from £18,357 million at 31 December 2019 to £20,808 million.

A summary of the movements in equity is set out below.

2020 £m   2019 £m
Total equity at beginning of year   18,357   3,672
Implementation of IFRS 16   —   (93   )
Total equity at beginning of year, as adjusted   18,357   3,579
Total comprehensive income for the year   7,358   3,701
Dividends to shareholders   (3,977   )   (3,953   )
Recognition of interest in Consumer Healthcare
Joint Venture   —   14,969
Ordinary shares issued   29   51
Changes in non-controlling interests   (131   )   (10   )
Share-based incentive plans   381   365
Tax on share-based incentive plans   (4   )   19
Contributions from non-controlling interests   3   —
Distributions to non-controlling interests   (1,208   )   (364   )
Total equity at end of year   20,808   18,357

Share purchases

At
31 December 2020, GSK held 355.2 million shares as Treasury shares (2019 – 393.5 million shares), at a cost of £4,969 million (2019 – £5,505 million), which has been deducted from retained earnings.

No ordinary shares were repurchased in the period 1 January 2020 to 3 March 2021 and the company does not expect to make any ordinary share
repurchases in the remainder of 2021.

In 2020, 38.3 million Treasury shares were transferred to the Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP) Trusts.
Shares are held by the Trusts to satisfy future exercises of options and awards under the Group share option and award schemes. A proportion of the shares held by the Trusts are in respect of awards where the rules of the scheme require us to
satisfy exercises through market purchases rather than the issue of new shares. The shares held by the Trusts are matched to options and awards granted.

At 31 December 2020, the ESOP Trusts held 49.0 million (2019 – 36.4 million) GSK shares against the future exercise of share options and share
awards. The carrying value of £195 million (2019 – £135 million) has been deducted from other reserves. The market value of these shares was £657 million (2019 – £647 million).

Contractual obligations and commitments

Financial
commitments are summarised in Note 35 to the financial statements, ‘Commitments’, incorporated by reference in Item 18 below.

45

Table of Contents

The following table sets out our contractual obligations and commitments at 31 December 2020 as they
fall due for payment.

Total   Under 1 yr   1-3 yrs   3-5 yrs   5 yrs+
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Loans   26,191   3,493   6,644   3,039   13,015
Interest on loans   8,309   725   1,307   1,115   5,162
Lease obligations   1,117   230   333   182   372
Future finance charges   180   34   50   33   63
Intangible assets   12,307   354   1,337   2,031   8,585
Property, plant & equipment   528   403   124   1   —
Investments   153   40   58   55   —
Purchase commitments   746   648   90   2   6
Pensions   88   44   44   —   —
Total   49,619   5,971   9,987   6,458   27,203

Commitments in respect of loans and future interest payable on loans are disclosed before taking into account the effect of
derivatives.

We have entered into a number of research collaborations to develop new compounds with other pharmaceutical companies. The terms of these
arrangements can include upfront fees, equity investments, loans and commitments to fund specified levels of research. In addition, we will often agree to make further payments if future ‘milestones’ are achieved.

As some of these agreements relate to compounds in the early stages of development, the potential obligation to make milestone payments will continue for a
number of years if the compounds move successfully through the development process. Generally, the closer the product is to marketing approval, the greater the probability of success. The amounts shown above within intangible assets represent the
maximum that would be paid if all milestones were achieved, and include £4.5 billion which relates to externalised projects in the discovery portfolio. There was a decrease in the commitments in 2020 as a result of a reduction in
outstanding loan commitments.

In 2018, we reached an agreement with the trustees of the UK pension schemes to make additional contributions, to assist in
eliminating the pension deficit identified as part of the 31 December 2017 actuarial funding valuation. The table includes this commitment but excludes the normal ongoing annual funding requirement in the UK of approximately
£130 million. For further information on pension obligations, see Note 30 to the financial statements, ‘Pensions and other post-employment benefits’, incorporated by reference in Item 18 below.

46

Table of Contents

Contingent liabilities

Other contingent liabilities are set out in Note 34 to the financial statements, ‘Contingent liabilities’, incorporated by reference in Item 18
below.

The following table sets out contingent liabilities, comprising discounted bills, performance guarantees, letters of credit and other items
arising in the normal course of business, and when they are expected to expire.

Total   Under 1 yr   1-3 yrs   3-5 yrs   5 yrs+
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Guarantees   34   21   4   9   —
Other contingent liabilities   104   14   21   17   52
Total   138   35   25   26   52

In the normal course of business, we have provided various indemnification guarantees in respect of business disposals in
which legal and other disputes have subsequently arisen. A provision is made where an outflow of resources is considered probable and a reliable estimate can be made of the likely outcome of the dispute and this is included in Note 31 to the
financial statements, ‘Other provisions’, incorporated by reference in Item 18 below.

We provide for the outcome of tax, legal and other
disputes when an outflow of resources is considered probable and a reliable estimate of the outflow may be made. At 31 December 2020, other than for those disputes where provision has been made, it was not possible to make a reliable estimate
of the potential outflow of funds that might be required to settle disputes where the possibility of there being an outflow was more than remote.

The
ultimate liability for such matters may vary significantly from the amounts provided and is dependent upon negotiations with the relevant tax authorities and the outcome of litigation proceedings, where relevant. This is discussed further in
‘Principal risks and uncertainties’ under items 3.D above and Note 46 to the financial statements, ‘Legal proceedings’, incorporated by reference in Item 18 below.

47

Table of Contents

Treasury policies

We report in Sterling and pay dividends out of Sterling cash flows. The role of Treasury is to monitor and manage the Group’s external and internal
funding requirements and financial risks in support of our strategic objectives. GSK operates on a global basis, primarily through subsidiary companies, and we manage our capital to ensure that our subsidiaries are able to operate as going concerns
and to optimise returns to shareholders through an appropriate balance of debt and equity. Treasury activities are governed by policies approved annually by the Board of Directors, and most recently on 15 October 2020. A Treasury Management
Group (TMG) meeting, chaired by our Chief Financial Officer, takes place on a regular basis to review Treasury activities. Its members receive management information relating to these activities.

Treasury operations

The objective of GSK’s Treasury
activities is to minimise the
post-tax
 net cost of financial operations and reduce its volatility in order to benefit earnings and cash flows. GSK uses a variety of financial instruments to finance its
operations and derivative financial instruments to manage market risks from these operations. Derivatives principally comprise foreign exchange forward contracts and swaps which are used to swap borrowings and liquid assets into currencies required
for Group purposes, as well as interest rate swaps which are used to manage exposure to financial risks from changes in interest rates.

Derivatives are
used exclusively for hedging purposes in relation to underlying business activities and not as trading or speculative instruments.

Capital management

GSK’s financial strategy, implemented through the Group’s financial architecture, supports GSK’s strategic priorities and is regularly
reviewed by the Board. We manage the capital structure of the Group through an appropriate mix of debt and equity. We continue to manage our financial policies to a credit profile that particularly targets short-term credit ratings of
A-1
 and
P-1
 while maintaining single A long-term ratings consistent with those targets.

Liquidity risk management

GSK’s policy is to borrow
centrally in order to meet anticipated funding requirements. Our cash flow forecasts and funding requirements are monitored by the TMG on a regular basis. Our strategy is to diversify liquidity sources using a range of facilities and to maintain
broad access to financial markets.

Each day, we sweep cash from a number of global subsidiaries to central Treasury accounts for liquidity management
purposes.

Interest rate risk management

GSK’s
objective is to minimise the effective net interest cost and to balance the mix of debt at fixed and floating interest rates over time. The policy on interest rate risk management limits the net amount of floating rate debt to a specific cap,
reviewed and agreed no less than annually by the Board.

Foreign exchange risk management

Our objective is to minimise the exposure of overseas operating subsidiaries to transaction risk by matching local currency income with local currency costs
where possible. Foreign currency transaction exposures arising on external and internal trade flows are selectively hedged. GSK’s internal trading transactions are matched centrally and we manage inter-company payment terms to reduce foreign
currency risk. Where possible, we manage the cash surpluses or borrowing requirements of subsidiary companies centrally using forward contracts to hedge future repayments back into the originating currency.

In order to reduce foreign currency translation exposure, we seek to denominate borrowings in the currencies of our principal assets and cash flows. These are
primarily denominated in US Dollars, Euros and Sterling. Borrowings can be swapped into other currencies as required.

Borrowings denominated in, or
swapped into, foreign currencies that match investments in overseas Group assets may be treated as a hedge against the relevant assets. Forward contracts in major currencies are also used to reduce exposure to the Group’s investment in overseas
Group assets. The TMG reviews the ratio of borrowings to assets for major currencies regularly.

Counterparty risk management

We set global counterparty limits for each of our banking and investment counterparties based on long-term credit ratings from Moody’s and Standard and
Poor’s. Usage of these limits is actively monitored and any breach of these limits would be reported to the CFO immediately.

In addition,
relationship banks and their credit ratings are reviewed regularly so that, when changes in ratings occur, changes can be made to investment levels or to authority limits as appropriate. All banking counterparty limits are reviewed at least
annually.

48

Table of Contents

Critical accounting policies

The Group consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS, as adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the
European Union, and also with IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), following the accounting policies approved by the Board and described in Note 2 to the financial statements, ‘Accounting principles and
policies’, incorporated by reference in Item 18 below.

We are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenue and expenses reported in the financial statements. Actual amounts and results could differ from those estimates.

The critical
accounting policies relate to the following areas:

•   Turnover (Note 6)

•   Taxation (Note 14)

•   Legal and other disputes (Notes 31 and 46)

•   Contingent consideration (Note 32)

•   Pensions and other post-employment benefits (Note 30).

Information on the judgements and estimates made in these areas is given in Note 3 to the financial statements, ‘Key accounting judgements and
estimates’, incorporated by reference in Item 18 below.

Turnover

In respect of the Turnover accounting policy, our largest business is US Pharmaceuticals, and the US market has the most complex arrangements for rebates,
discounts and allowances. The following briefly describes the nature of the arrangements in existence in our US Pharmaceuticals business:

•   We have arrangements with certain indirect customers whereby the customer is able to buy products from
wholesalers at reduced prices. A chargeback represents the difference between the invoice price to the wholesaler and the indirect customer’s contractual discounted price. Accruals for estimating chargebacks are calculated based on the terms of
each agreement, historical experience and product growth rates

•   Customer rebates are offered to key managed care and Group Purchasing Organisations and other direct and indirect
customers. These arrangements require the customer to achieve certain performance targets relating to the value of product purchased, formulary status or pre-determined market shares relative to competitors.
The accrual for customer rebates is estimated based on the specific terms in each agreement, historical experience and product growth rates

•   The US Medicaid programme is a state-administered programme providing assistance to certain poor and vulnerable
patients. In 1990, the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program was established to reduce state and federal expenditure on prescription drugs. In 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act became law. We participate by providing rebates to states.
Accruals for Medicaid rebates are calculated based on the specific terms of the relevant regulations or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act

•   Cash discounts are offered to customers to encourage prompt payment. These are accrued for at the time of
invoicing and adjusted subsequently to reflect actual experience

•   We record an accrual for estimated sales returns by applying historical experience of customer returns to the
amounts invoiced, together with market-related information such as stock levels at wholesalers, anticipated price increases and competitor activity.

A reconciliation of gross turnover to net turnover for the US Pharmaceuticals business is as follows:

2020   2019   2018
£m   Margin %   £m   Margin %   £m   Margin %
Gross turnover   20,035   100   18,471   100   18,227   100
Market-driven segments   (6,754   )   (34   )   (5,976   )   (32   )   (5,147   )   (28   )
Government mandated and state programmes   (5,205   )   (26   )   (4,264   )   (23   )   (4,594   )   (25   )
Cash discounts   (388   )   (2   )   (356   )   (2   )   (361   )   (2   )
Customer returns   (117   )   (1   )   (141   )   (1   )   (98   )   (1   )
Prior year adjustments   402   2   247   1   98   1
Other prior year items   —   —   —   —   (59   )   —
Other items   (522   )   (2   )   (579   )   (3   )   (613   )   (4   )
Total deductions   (12,584   )   (63   )   (11,069   )   (60   )   (10,774   )   (59   )
Net turnover   7,451   37   7,402   40   7,453   41

49

Table of Contents

Market-driven segments consist primarily of managed care and Medicare plans with which we negotiate contract
pricing that is honoured via rebates and chargebacks. Mandated segments consist primarily of Medicaid and federal government programmes which receive government-mandated pricing via rebates and chargebacks.

The increased deductions in the government-mandated and state programmes of the gross turnover to net turnover reconciliation primarily reflected higher
rebates and chargebacks on respiratory products, and on
Advair
 in particular. During the year
Advair
 accounted for 6% of US Pharmaceuticals turnover and approximately 24% of the total deduction for rebates and returns.

The respiratory portfolio as a whole, including Established Respiratory products, accounted for approximately 79% of the total deduction in the year.

The balance sheet accruals for rebates, discounts, allowances and returns for the US Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines businesses are managed on a combined basis.
At 31 December 2020, the total accrual amounted to £4,686 million (2019 – £4,200 million).

A monthly process is operated to
monitor inventory levels at wholesalers for any abnormal movements. This process uses gross sales volumes, prescription volumes based on third party data sources and information received from key wholesalers. The aim of this is to maintain
inventories at a consistent level from year to year based on the pattern of consumption.

On this basis, US Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines inventory levels
at wholesalers and in other distribution channels at 31 December 2020 were estimated to amount to approximately four weeks of turnover. This calculation uses third party information, the accuracy of which cannot be totally verified, but is
believed to be sufficiently reliable for this purpose.

Legal and other disputes

In respect of the accounting policy for Legal and other disputes, the following briefly describes the process by which we determine the level of provision that
is necessary.

In accordance with the requirements of IAS 37, ‘Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets’, we provide for
anticipated settlement costs where an outflow of resources is considered probable and a reliable estimate may be made of the likely outcome of the dispute and legal and other expenses arising from claims against the Group.

We may become involved in significant legal proceedings, in respect of which it is not possible to make a reliable estimate of the expected financial effect,
if any, that could result from ultimate resolution of the proceedings. In these cases, appropriate disclosure about such cases would be included in the Annual Report, but no provision would be made.

This position could change over time and, therefore, there can be no assurance that any losses that result from the outcome of any legal proceedings will not
exceed by a material amount the amount of the provisions reported in the Group’s financial statements.

Like many pharmaceutical companies, we are
faced with various complex product liability, anti-trust and patent litigation, as well as investigations of our operations conducted by various governmental regulatory agencies. Throughout the year, the General Counsel of the Group, as head of the
Group’s legal function, and the Senior Vice President and Head of Global Litigation for the Group, who is responsible for all litigation and government investigations, routinely brief the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and
the Board of Directors on the significant litigation pending against the Group and governmental investigations of the Group.

These meetings, as
appropriate, detail the status of significant litigation and government investigations and review matters such as the number of claims notified to us, information on potential claims not yet notified, assessment of the validity of claims, progress
made in settling claims, recent settlement levels and potential reimbursement by insurers.

The meetings also include an assessment of whether or not
there is sufficient information available for us to be able to make a reliable estimate of the potential outcomes of the disputes. Often, external counsel assisting us with various litigation matters and investigations will also assist in the
briefing of the Board and senior management. Following these discussions, for those matters where it is possible to make a reliable estimate of the amount of a provision, if any, that may be required, the level of provision for legal and other
disputes is reviewed and adjusted as appropriate. These matters are discussed further in Note 46 to the financial statements, ‘Legal proceedings’.

50

Table of Contents

Please refer to the “Financial review 2019” of the GSK Annual Report on Form
20-F
 for the year ended 31 December 2019 for a comparative discussion of 2019 financial results compared to 2018.

5.B   Liquidity and capital resources

The information set forth under the headings “Cash generation and conversion,” “Financial position and resources” and
“Treasury policies” in Item 5.A of this annual report on Form
20-F
 is incorporated herein by reference.

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Note 35 – Commitments” on page 202; and

•   “Note 43 – Financial instruments and related disclosures” on pages 214 to 230

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

5.C   Research and development, patents and licenses, etc.

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Our long-term priorities” within “Our business model” on page 1 (excluding the last sentence
of the second paragraph under the sub-heading “Our long-term priorities” on page 1);

•   “Innovation” within “Our long-term priorities” on page 9;

•   “Innovation” on pages 18 to 27;

•   “Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines product development pipeline” on pages 255 to 257;

•   “Pharmaceutical products, competition and intellectual property” on pages 258 to 259;

•   “Vaccines products, competition and intellectual property” on page 259; and

•   “Consumer Healthcare products and competition” on page 260 of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is
incorporated herein by reference.

5.D   Trend information

The information set forth under the heading “Group Financial Review” in Item 5.A of this annual report on Form
20-F
 is incorporated herein by reference.

5.E   Off-balance sheet arrangements

Not applicable.

5.F   Tabular disclosure of contractual obligations

The information set forth under the heading “Contractual obligations and commitments” in Item 5.A on this annual report on Form
20-F
 is incorporated herein by reference.

51

Table of Contents

Item 6.   Directors, Senior Management and Employee s

6.A   Directors and senior management

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “The Board” on pages 80 to 82; and

•   “Corporate Executive Team” on pages 83 to 84

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

6.B   Compensation

•   “Remuneration report” on pages 111 to 138;

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

6.C   Board practices

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “Board changes” within the “Chairman’s statement” on page 3;

•   “Corporate governance” on pages 77 to 109 (excluding the heading and the information under the heading
“Section 172 statement” on page 108); and

•   “Service contracts and letters of appointment” on page 128

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

6.D   Employees

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Note 9 – Employee costs” on page 171;

•   “Note 30 – Pensions and other post-employment benefits” on pages 191 to 199; and

•   “Number of employees” under “Five year record” on page 251

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

6.E   Share ownership

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Note 44 – Employee share schemes” on pages 231 to 232;

•   “2020 Total remuneration” on pages 114 to 116;

•   “Value earned from long term incentives (LTIs)” on page 120;

52

Table of Contents

•   “Update on performance of ongoing LTI awards” on page 121; and

•   “Directors’ interests in shares” on pages 130 to 131

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7 .   Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions

7.A   Major shareholders

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Change of control and essential contracts” on page 109;

•   “Share capital and control” on pages 276 to 277; and

•   “Analysis of shareholdings at 31 December 2020” on page 278

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

7.B   Related party transactions

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “Note 39 – Related party transactions” on page 208

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

7.C   Interests of experts and counsel

Not applicable.

Item 8.   Financial Information

8.A   Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information:

See Item 18 below.

In
addition, the information set forth under the headings:

•   “Note 46 – Legal proceedings” on pages 234 to 237; and

•   “Dividends” on page 278

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

8.B   Significant Changes

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “Note 46 – Legal proceedings” on pages 234 to 237

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.   The Offer and Listing

9.A   Offer and listing details

The information set forth under the headings:

53

Table of Contents

•   “Market capitalisation” on page 277; and

•   “Nature of trading market” on page 277

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

The trading symbol for GSK’s Ordinary Shares of 25p each on the London Stock Exchange is GSK.L and the trading symbol for GSK’s ADSs
on the New York Stock Exchange is GSK.

9.B   Plan of distribution

Not applicable.

9.C   Market s

The information set forth under the headings:

•   The second paragraph under “Share capital and control” on page 276; and

•   “Nature of trading market” on page 277

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

9.D   Selling shareholders

Not applicable.

9.E   Dilution

Not applicable.

9.F   Expenses of the issue

Not applicable.

Item 10.   Additional Information

10.A   Share Capital

Not applicable.

10.B   Articles of Association of GlaxoSmithKline plc

The following is a summary of the principal provisions of the company’s Articles of Association (the “Articles”). Shareholders
should not rely on this summary, but should instead refer to the current Articles which are filed with the Registrar of Companies in the UK and can be viewed on the company’s website. The Articles contain the fundamental provisions of the
company’s constitution, and the rules for the internal management and control of the company. The company has no statement of objects in its Articles and accordingly its objects are unrestricted in accordance with the provisions of the
Companies Act 2006.

(a) Voting

All resolutions put to the vote at general meetings, including electronic general meetings (see paragraph (h)), will be decided by poll. On a
poll, every shareholder who is present in person or by proxy or, in the case of an electronic general meeting, who participates or is represented by proxy via an electronic platform shall have one vote for every Ordinary Share of which he or she is
the

54

Table of Contents

holder. In the case of joint holders of a share, the vote of the senior who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint
holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand on the register. Unless the Directors otherwise decide, the right to attend a general meeting and voting rights may not be exercised by a shareholder who has not paid
to the company all calls and other sums then payable by him or her in respect of his or her Ordinary Shares. The right to attend a general meeting and voting rights may not be exercised by a shareholder who is subject to an order under
Section 794 of the Companies Act 2006 because he or she has failed to provide the company with information concerning his or her interests in Ordinary Shares within the prescribed period, as required by Section 793 of the Companies Act
2006.

(b) Transfer of Ordinary Shares

Any shareholder may transfer his or her Ordinary Shares which are in certificated form by an instrument of transfer in any usual form or in
any other form which the Directors may approve. Such instrument must be properly signed and stamped or certified (or otherwise shown to the satisfaction of the Directors as being exempt from stamp duty) and lodged with the company together with the
relevant share certificate(s) and such other evidence as the Directors may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer.

Any member may transfer title to his or her uncertificated Ordinary Shares by means of a relevant system, such as CREST.

The transferor of a share is deemed to remain the holder until the transferee’s name is entered on the register. The Directors may
decline to register any transfer of any Ordinary Share which is not fully paid.

Registration of a transfer of uncertificated Ordinary
Shares may be refused in the circumstances set out in the uncertificated securities rules, and where, in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the number of joint holders to whom the uncertificated Ordinary Share is to be transferred exceeds
four.

The Articles contain no other restrictions on the transfer of fully paid certificated Ordinary Shares provided: (i) the
instrument of transfer is duly stamped or certified or otherwise shown to the satisfaction of the Directors to be exempt from stamp duty and is accompanied by the relevant share certificate and such other evidence of the right to transfer as the
Directors may reasonably require; (ii) the transfer, if to joint transferees, is in favour of not more than four transferees; (iii) the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of shares; and (iv) the holder of the
Ordinary Shares is not subject to an order under Section 794 of the Companies Act 2006. Notice of refusal to register a transfer must be sent to the transferee within two months of the instrument of transfer being lodged. The Directors may
decline to register a transfer of Ordinary Shares by a person holding 0.25 per cent. or more of the existing Ordinary Shares if such person is subject to an order under Section 794 Companies Act 2006, after failure to provide the company
with information concerning interests in those Ordinary Shares required to be provided under Section 793 of the Companies Act 2006, unless the transfer is carried out pursuant to an arm’s length sale.

Provisions in the Articles will not apply to uncertificated Ordinary Shares to the extent that they are inconsistent with:

(i)   the holding of Ordinary Shares in uncertificated form;

(ii)   the transfer of title to Ordinary Shares by means of a system such as CREST; and

(iii)   any provisions of the relevant regulations.

(c) Dividends and distribution of assets on liquidation

55

Table of Contents

The profits of the company which are available for distribution and permitted by law to be
distributed and which the company may by ordinary resolution from time to time declare, upon the recommendation of the Directors to distribute by way of dividend, in respect of any accounting reference period shall be distributed by way of dividend
among holders of Ordinary Shares.

If in their opinion the company’s financial position justifies such payments, the Directors may,
as far as any applicable legislation allows, pay interim dividends on shares of any class of such amounts and in respect of such periods as they think fit. Except in so far as the rights attaching to, or the terms of issue of, any share otherwise
provide, all dividends will be declared, apportioned and paid pro rata according to the amounts paid up on the shares during any portion of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid. As the company has only one class of Ordinary Shares,
the holders of such Ordinary Shares will be entitled to participate in any surplus assets on a
winding-up
 in proportion to their shareholdings.

(d) Variation of rights and changes in capital

Subject to the provisions of any statute (including any orders, regulations or other subordinate legislation made under it) from time to time
in force concerning companies in so far as it applies to the company (the “Companies Acts”), the rights attached to any class of shares may be varied with the written consent of the holders of three-quarters in nominal value of the issued
shares of that class (excluding any shares of that class held as treasury shares) or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of shares of that class. At every such separate meeting, the provisions of the
Articles relating to general meetings shall apply, except the necessary quorum shall be at least two persons entitled to vote and holding or representing as proxy at least
one-third
 in nominal value of the
issued shares of the relevant class (excluding any shares of that class held as treasury shares) (but provided that at any adjourned meeting one holder of shares of the relevant class present in person or by proxy shall be a quorum).

The rights conferred upon the holders of any Ordinary Shares shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided in the rights attaching to those
Ordinary Shares, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking pari passu with them.

(e) Unclaimed dividends

All dividends or other sums payable on or in respect of any Ordinary Shares which remain unclaimed may be invested or otherwise made use
of by the Directors for the benefit of the company until claimed. Unless the Directors decide otherwise, any dividend or other sums payable on or in respect of any Ordinary Shares unclaimed after a period of 12 years from the date when declared or
became due for payment will be forfeited and revert to the company. The company may stop sending dividend cheques or warrants by post, or employ such other means of payment in respect of any Ordinary Shares, if at least two consecutive payments have
remained uncashed or are returned undelivered or if one payment has remained uncashed or is returned undelivered and the company cannot establish a new address for the holder after making reasonable enquiries; however, in either case, the company
must resume sending cheques or warrants or employ such other means of payment if the holder or any person entitled to the Ordinary Shares by transmission requests the resumption in writing.

(f) Untraced shareholders

The
company may sell any certificated Ordinary Shares in the company after using reasonable efforts to trace the holder of, or person entitled by transmission to, the Ordinary Shares and sending a notice to the registered address or last known address
of the holder or other person entitled in accordance with the requirements of the Articles and waiting for three months if the Ordinary Shares have been in issue for at least ten years and during that period at least three dividends have become
payable on them and have not been claimed or satisfied and, so far as any Director is aware, the company has not received any communication from the holder of the Ordinary Shares or any person entitled to them by transmission. Upon any such sale,
the company will become

56

Table of Contents

indebted to the former holder of the Ordinary Shares or the person entitled to them by transmission for an amount equal to the net proceeds of sale unless and until forfeited. If no valid claim
for the money has been received by the company during a period of six years from the date on which the relevant shares were sold by the company, the money will be forfeited and will belong to the company.

(g) Limitations on rights of
non-resident
 or foreign shareholders

There are no limitations imposed by the Articles on the rights of
non-resident
 or foreign shareholders
except that there is no requirement for the company to serve notices on shareholders outside the United Kingdom and the United States, if no postal address in the United States or United Kingdom has been provided to the company. The company may
choose not to serve, send or supply any notice to a particular shareholder where it considers this necessary or appropriate to deal with legal, regulatory or practical problems in, or under the laws of, any territory.

(h) General meetings of shareholders

The Articles rely on the Companies Act 2006 provisions dealing with the calling of general meeting. The company is required by the Companies
Act 2006 to hold an annual general meeting each year. General meetings of shareholders may be called as necessary by the Directors and must be called promptly upon receipt of a requisition from shareholders. Under the Companies Act 2006, an annual
general meeting must be called by notice of at least 21 clear days. A general meeting other than an annual general meeting may be called on not less than 14 clear days’ notice provided a special resolution reducing the notice period to 14 clear
days has been passed at the immediately preceding annual general meeting or a general meeting held since that annual general meeting. The Directors may determine that a general meeting shall be held as a physical meeting or in combination with an
electronic platform or platforms that enables members to participate in the meeting without physically attending (an electronic general meeting).

(i) Conflicts of interest

The
Directors may, subject to the provisions of the Articles, authorise any matter which would otherwise involve a Director breaching his or her duty under the Companies Acts to avoid conflicts of interest (each a “Conflict”). A Director
seeking authorisation in respect of a Conflict shall declare to the other Directors the nature and extent of his or her Conflict as soon as is reasonably practicable and shall provide the other Directors with such details of the matter as are
necessary to decide how to address the Conflict. The board may resolve to authorise the relevant Director in relation to any matter the subject of a Conflict, save that the relevant Director and any other Director with a similar interest shall not
count towards the quorum nor vote on any resolution giving such authority, and, if the other Directors so decide, shall be excluded from any meeting of the Directors while the Conflict is under consideration.

(j) Other Conflicts of Interest

Subject to the provisions of the Companies Acts, and provided the nature and extent of a Director’s interest has been declared to the
Directors, a Director may:

(i)   be party to, or otherwise interested in, any contract with the company, or in which the company has a direct or
indirect interest;

(ii)   hold any other office or place of profit with the company (except that of auditor) in conjunction with his
office of director for such period and upon such terms, including remuneration, as the Directors may decide;

(iii)   act by himself or through a firm with which he is associated in a professional capacity for the company or any
other company in which the company may be interested (otherwise than as auditor);

57

Table of Contents

(iv)   be or become a director of, or employed by, or otherwise be interested in any holding company or subsidiary
company of the company or any other company in which the company may be interested; and

(v)   be or become a director of any other company in which the company does not have an interest and which cannot
reasonably be regarded as giving rise to a conflict of interest at the time of his appointment as director of that other company.

No contract in which a Director is interested shall be liable to be avoided, and any Director who is so interested is not liable to account to
the company or its shareholders for any benefit realised by the contract by reason of the Director holding that office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. However, no Director may vote on, or be counted in the quorum, in relation
to any resolution of the board relating specifically to his or her own appointment (including remuneration) or the terms of his or her termination of appointment or relating to any contract in which he or she has an interest (subject to certain
exceptions).

Subject to the Companies Acts, the company may by ordinary resolution suspend or relax to any extent the provisions relating
to directors’ interests or restrictions on voting or ratify any transaction not duly authorised by reason of a contravention of such provisions.

(k) Directors’ remuneration

Each of the Directors will be paid a fee at such rate as may from time to time be determined by the Directors, but the total fees paid to all
of the directors for acting as directors (including amounts paid to any director who acts as chairman or is chairman of, or serves on any committee of the board of directors but excluding any amounts paid under any other provision of the Articles)
shall not exceed the higher of:

(i)   £3 million a year; and

(ii)   any higher amount as the company may by ordinary resolution decide. Such fees may be satisfied in cash or in
shares or any other non-cash form. Any Director who is appointed to any executive office, acts as Chairman, acts as senior independent director, acts as a scientific/medical expert on the board, is Chairman
of, or serves on any committee of the Directors or performs any other services which the Directors consider to extend beyond the ordinary services of a Director shall be entitled to receive such remuneration (whether by way of salary, commission or
otherwise) as the Directors may decide. Each Director may be paid reasonable travelling, hotel and other incidental expenses he or she incurs in attending and returning from meetings of the Directors or committees of the Directors, or general
meetings of the company, or otherwise incurred in connection with the performance of his or her duties for the company.

(l) Pensions and gratuities for Directors

The Directors or any committee authorised by the Directors may provide benefits by the payment of gratuities, pensions or insurance or in any
other manner for any Director or former Director or their relations, connected persons or dependants, but no benefits (except those provided for by the Articles) may be granted to or in respect of a Director or former Director who has not been
employed by or held an executive office or place of profit under the company or any of its subsidiary undertakings or their respective predecessors in business without the approval of an ordinary resolution of the company.

(m) Borrowing powers

Subject
to the provisions of the Companies Act 2006, the Directors may exercise all the company’s powers to borrow money; to mortgage or charge all or any of the company’s undertaking, property (present and future), and uncalled capital; to issue
debentures and other securities; and to give security either outright or as collateral security for any debt, liability or obligation of the company or of any third party.

58

Table of Contents

(n) Retirement and removal of Directors

A Director is subject to
re-election
 at every annual general meeting of the company

In addition to any power of removal conferred by the Companies Acts the company may by special resolution remove any Director before the
expiration of his or her period of office. No Director is required to retire by reason of his or her age, nor do any special formalities apply to the appointment or
re-election
 of any Director who is over any
age limit. No shareholding qualification for Directors shall be required.

(o) Vacation of office

The office of a director shall be vacated if:

(i)   he resigns or offers to resign, and the board resolves to accept such offer;

(ii)   his resignation is requested by all of the other directors and all of the other directors are not less than
three in number;

(iii)   he is or has been suffering from mental or physical ill health and the board resolves that his office be
vacated;

(iv)   he is absent without permission of the board from meetings of the board (whether or not an alternate director
appointed by him attends) for six consecutive months and the board resolves that his office is vacated;

(v)   he becomes bankrupt or compounds with his creditors generally;

(vi)   he is prohibited by law from being a director; or

(vii)   he is removed from office pursuant to the Articles or the Companies Acts.

(p) Share rights

Subject to any
rights attached to existing shares, shares may be issued with such rights and restrictions as the company may by ordinary resolution decide, or (if there is no such resolution or so far as it does not make specific provision) as the board may
decide. Such rights and restrictions shall apply as if they were set out in the Articles. Redeemable shares may be issued, subject to any rights attached to existing shares. The board may determine the terms, conditions and manner of redemption of
any redeemable share so issued. Such terms and conditions shall apply to the relevant shares as if they were set out in the Articles. Subject to the articles, any resolution passed by the shareholders and other shareholders’ rights, the Board
may decide how to offer, allot, grant options over or otherwise deal with any shares in the company.

10.C   Material contracts

Agreements with Novartis

On April 22, 2014, GSK and Novartis AG (“Novartis”) entered into a three-part, inter-conditional transaction, pursuant to which
they executed an implementation agreement, a contribution agreement relating to a consumer healthcare joint venture, a share and business sale agreement relating to the vaccines business of Novartis, a sale and purchase agreement relating to the
oncology business of GSK, a put option deed relating to the influenza vaccines business of Novartis and a shareholders’ agreement. GSK’s shareholders approved the Transaction on December 18, 2014. The transaction closed on
March 2, 2015.

59

Table of Contents

Under the terms of the shareholders’ agreement, Novartis had the right to require GSK
to purchase its shares in the consumer healthcare joint venture. On June 1, 2018, GSK acquired 100% of the shares in GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings Limited (“GSK Consumer Healthcare”) following cancellation of
Novartis’s shares under the terms of a put option implementation agreement among GSK, Novartis and GSK Consumer Healthcare, among others.

GSK continues to have obligations to pay further sales and milestone-based consideration to Novartis under the share and business sale
agreement relating to the vaccines business of Novartis.

Agreement with Pfizer

On December 19, 2018, GSK, GSK Consumer Healthcare and Pfizer Inc. (“Pfizer”) entered into a Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement
(the “SAPA”) pursuant to which the parties agreed to form a consumer healthcare joint venture through the acquisition by GSK Consumer Healthcare from Pfizer of Pfizer’s consumer healthcare business and the transfer by GSK to GSK
Consumer Healthcare of those parts of the GSK consumer healthcare business not already part of GSK Consumer Healthcare as of the date of the SAPA (with certain limited exceptions). As consideration for the acquisition of its consumer healthcare
business, Pfizer received shares in GSK Consumer Healthcare representing a 32% ownership interest in the joint venture. GSK retained a controlling interest in GSK Consumer Healthcare of 68%. On July 31, 2019, the parties entered into an
amendment to the SAPA, pursuant to which: (i)

GSK Consumer Healthcare transferred by novation to GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare
Holdings (No. 2) Limited (“GSK Consumer Healthcare (No. 2)”) all rights, title, interest, obligations duties and liabilities of GSK Consumer Healthcare under and in respect of the SAPA, (ii) the parties released GSK Consumer
Healthcare from its obligations under the SAPA in exchange for GSK Consumer Healthcare (No. 2)’s assumption thereof and (iii) certain other amendments to the SAPA and other arrangements in connection with the closing of the transaction,
including in relation to the delayed legal completion of the transaction in a number of jurisdictions due to regulatory constraints. The transaction closed on July 31, 2019.

Each of GSK and Pfizer has given customary and broadly reciprocal representations and warranties to each other under the SAPA. GSK and Pfizer
have agreed to indemnify each other and GSK Consumer Healthcare (No. 2) (as applicable) in respect of losses (other than certain losses arising from tax matters, which are subject to a specific indemnity under the SAPA) relating to: (i) certain
liabilities which the parties have agreed will be retained by GSK or Pfizer; (ii) any breach of their respective covenants or agreements under the SAPA or the related ancillary agreements implementing the SAPA; or (iii) any breach of their
respective representations and warranties given under the SAPA or the related ancillary agreements implementing the SAPA as of the date of completion of the transaction. GSK Consumer Healthcare (No. 2) has agreed to indemnify GSK and Pfizer in
respect of losses (other than certain losses arising from tax matters, which are subject to a specific indemnity under the SAPA) relating to: (i) liabilities which GSK Consumer Healthcare (No. 2) has agreed to assume in connection with the
transaction; (ii) liabilities resulting from the conduct of GSK Consumer Healthcare’s business other than those liabilities that GSK has agreed to retain in connection with the transaction; and (iii) any breach of GSK Consumer
Healthcare (No.2)’s post-completion covenants or agreements under the SAPA or the related ancillary agreements implementing the SAPA.

In connection with the closing of the transaction on July 31, 2019, GSK, Pfizer, GSK Consumer Healthcare and GSK Consumer Healthcare (No.
2) entered into a Shareholders’ Agreement in relation to the consumer healthcare joint venture (the “Shareholders’ Agreement”). Under the terms of the Shareholders’ Agreement, GSK has the right to appoint six directors to
the board of the joint venture and the right to appoint the chair of the board of the joint venture, and Pfizer has the right to appoint three directors to the board of the joint venture. The Shareholders’ Agreement contains a list of customary
reserved matters that may not be undertaken by the joint venture without the prior approval of Pfizer.

The joint venture is permitted to
make external borrowings up to an aggregate amount of £300 million, with external borrowings in excess of this level requiring Pfizer’s consent. In the event that the joint venture requires additional funding, the funding will be
requested from GSK and Pfizer pro rata to

60

Table of Contents

their respective shareholdings. GSK and Pfizer will each be entitled to provide all (but not some only) of its proportion of the requested funds, but neither party will be obliged to provide such
funding. Dividends will be paid to the shareholders in proportion to their respective interests in ordinary shares, and all readily available cash in excess of an agreed base cash figure of £300 million will be distributed subject to the
availability of distributable reserves, there being no outstanding shareholder loans and after the payment of any dividends required to be paid on certain
low-coupon
 preference shares held by GSK.

Under the Shareholders’ Agreement, each of GSK and Pfizer have agreed, subject to customary carve-outs, not to compete with the business
of the consumer healthcare joint venture for a period of three years after completion of the transaction and not to acquire a business or interest in an entity in a competing business of the joint venture for six years after completion of the
transaction.

At any time from completion of the transaction, GSK will have the right to require the listing and admission to trading of
the shares of GSK Consumer Healthcare on the London Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange (a “Separation”). From five years from completion of the transaction, Pfizer will have the right to require a
Separation. From 15 years after completion of the transaction, GSK will be entitled to require Pfizer to sell to GSK its entire shareholding in the consumer healthcare joint venture at a price reflecting the fully distributed public trading equity
value of the joint venture at the relevant time. Neither GSK nor Pfizer may transfer its shares in the joint venture without the other’s consent.

The Shareholders’ Agreement will terminate immediately in the event that (i) only GSK or Pfizer remain holding shares in the joint
venture or (ii) the shares of the joint venture have been listed and admitted to trading on a recognized stock exchange.

10.D   Exchange controls

The information set forth under the heading “Exchange controls and other limitations affecting security holders” on page 276 of the
GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

10.E   Taxation

The information set forth under the heading “Tax information for shareholders” on pages 280 to 281 of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is
incorporated herein by reference.

10.F   Dividends and paying agents

Not applicable.

10.G   Statement by experts

Not applicable.

10.H   Documents on display

The information set forth under the heading “Documents on display” on page 279 of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein
by reference.

10.I   Subsidiary information

Not applicable.

61

Table of Contents

Item 11 .   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

The information set forth under the heading “Treasury policies” in Item 5.A of this annual report in Form
20-F
 is incorporated herein by reference.

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “Note 43 – Financial instruments and related disclosures” on pages 214 to 230

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12.   Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities

12.A   Debt Securities

Not applicable.

12.B   Warrants and Rights

Not applicable.

12.C   Other Securities

Not applicable.

12.D   American Depositary Shares

Fees and charges payable by ADR holders

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. serves as the depositary (the “Depositary”) for GSK’s American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”)
program. On July 29, 2019, GSK and the Depositary amended and restated the deposit agreement (the “Deposit Agreement”) between GSK, the Depositary and owners and holders of ADRs. Pursuant to the Deposit Agreement, ADR holders may be
required to pay various fees to the Depositary, and the Depositary may refuse to provide any service for which a fee is assessed until the applicable fee has been paid. In particular, the Depositary, under the terms of the Deposit Agreement, shall
charge (i) a fee of $5.00 per 100 American Depositary Shares (or portion thereof) for the issuance, delivery, reduction, cancellation or surrender (as the case may be) of American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”), (ii) a fee of
U.S.$0.05 or less per ADS held (A) upon which any cash distribution is made pursuant to the Deposit Agreement or (B) in the case of an elective cash/stock dividend, upon which a cash distribution or an issuance of additional ADSs is made
as a result of such elective dividend, (iii) a fee for the distribution or sale of securities, such fee being in an amount equal to the fee for the execution and delivery of ADSs referred to above which would have been charged as a result of
the deposit of such securities but which securities or the net cash proceeds from the sale thereof are instead distributed by the Depositary to ADR holders entitled thereto, (iv) an aggregate fee of U.S.$0.05 or less per ADS per calendar year
(or portion thereof) for services performed by the Depositary in administering the ADRs (which fee may be charged on a periodic basis during each calendar year and shall be assessed against ADR holders as of the record date or record dates set by
the Depositary during each calendar year and shall be payable at the sole discretion of the Depositary by billing such Holders or by deducting such charge from one or more cash dividends or other cash distributions), and (v) a fee for the
reimbursement of such fees, charges and expenses as are incurred by the Depositary and/or any of its agents (including, without limitation, the agent or agents of the Depositary (the “Custodian”) and expenses incurred on behalf of ADR
holders in connection with compliance with foreign exchange control regulations or any law or regulation relating to foreign investment) in connection with the servicing of the ordinary shares or other Deposited Securities, the sale of securities
(including, without limitation, Deposited Securities), the delivery of Deposited Securities or otherwise in connection with the Depositary’s or its Custodian’s compliance with applicable law, rule or regulation (which fees and charges
shall be assessed on a proportionate basis against ADR holders as of the record date or dates set by the Depositary and shall be payable at the sole discretion of the Depositary by billing such ADR holders or by deducting such charge from one or
more cash dividends or other cash distributions).

62

Table of Contents

GSK will pay other charges and out of pocket expenses of the Depositary and any agent of the
Depositary (except the Custodian) as specified in written agreements from time to time between GSK and the Depositary, except (i) stock transfer or other taxes and other governmental charges (which are payable by ADR holders or persons
depositing ordinary shares), (ii) SWIFT, cable, telex and facsimile transmission and delivery charges incurred at the request of persons depositing, or ADR holders delivering ordinary shares, ADRs or Deposited Securities (which are payable by such
persons or ADR holders), (iii) transfer or registration fees for the registration or transfer of Deposited Securities on any applicable register in connection with the deposit or withdrawal of Deposited Securities (which are payable by persons
depositing ordinary shares or ADR holders withdrawing Deposited Securities) and (iv) in connection with the conversion of foreign currency into U.S. dollars, the Depositary shall deduct out of such foreign currency the fees, expenses and other
charges charged by it and/or its agent (which may be a division, branch or affiliate) so appointed in connection with such conversion. The Depositary and/or its agent may act as principal for such conversion of foreign currency. Such charges may at
any time and from time to time be changed by agreement between GSK and the Depositary.

Direct and indirect payments by the Depositary

The Depositary anticipates reimbursing GSK for certain expenses incurred by GSK that are related to the establishment and maintenance of the
ADR program upon such terms and conditions as GSK and the Depositary may agree from time to time. The Depositary may make available to GSK a set amount or a portion of the Depositary fees charged in respect of the ADR program or otherwise upon such
terms and conditions as GSK and the Depositary may agree from time to time. In 2021, The Bank of New York, the depositary under the Deposit Agreement prior to the appointment of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. on July 29, 2019, will make final
payments to GSK of approximately $0.15 million in respect of expenses reimbursed and fees collected in 2019 and 2020. In 2020 the Depositary made payments of approximately $17.61 million, of which $3.34 million related to expenses
reimbursed and fees collected in connection with services provided in 2019.

Under certain circumstances, including removal of the
Depositary or termination of the ADR program by GSK, GSK is required to repay certain amounts paid to GSK and to compensate the Depositary for payments made or services provided on behalf of GSK.

PART II

Item 13 .   Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies

Not applicable.

Item 14 .   Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds

Not applicable.

Item 15.   Controls and Procedures

The information set forth under the heading “Internal control framework” on page 99 of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated
herein by reference.

US law and regulation

A number of provisions of US law and regulation apply to the company because our shares are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange (the
“NYSE”) in the form of American Depositary Shares.

63

Table of Contents

NYSE rules

In general, the NYSE rules permit the company to follow UK corporate governance practices instead of those applied in the USA, provided that we
explain any significant variations. This explanation is contained in Item 16.G of this Form
20-F.
 NYSE rules that came into effect in 2005 require us to file annual and interim written affirmations concerning
the Audit & Risk Committee and our statement on significant differences in corporate governance.

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Following a number of corporate and accounting scandals in the USA, Congress passed the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Sarbanes-Oxley is
a wide ranging piece of legislation concerned largely with financial reporting and corporate governance.

As recommended by the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the company has established a Disclosure Committee. The Committee reports to the CEO, the CFO and to the Audit & Risk Committee. It is chaired by the Company Secretary and the members consist
of senior managers from finance, legal, corporate communications and investor relations.

External legal counsel, the external auditors and
internal experts are invited to attend its meetings periodically. It has responsibility for considering the materiality of information and, on a timely basis, determining the disclosure of that information. It has responsibility for the timely
filing of reports with the SEC and the formal review of the GSK Annual Report 2020 and Form
20-F.
 In 2020 the Committee met 12 times.

Sarbanes-Oxley requires that this annual report on Form
20-F
 contain a statement as to whether a member
of our Audit & Risk Committee (“ARC”) is an audit committee financial expert as defined by Sarbanes-Oxley. For a summary regarding the Board’s judgment on this matter, please refer to Item 16.A below and to pages 81 and 82 in
the biographies for “Charles Bancroft” and “Judy Lewent,” respectively, and the second paragraph under “Board Committee information” on page 96 of the GSK Annual Report 2020.

Additional disclosure requirements arise under section 302 and section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley in respect of disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting.

Section 302: Corporate responsibility for financial reports

Sarbanes-Oxley also introduced a requirement for the CEO and the CFO to complete formal certifications, confirming that:

•   they have each reviewed the GSK Annual Report 2020 and Form 20-F;

•   based on their knowledge, the GSK Annual Report 2020 and Form 20-F contain no material misstatements or omissions;

•   based on their knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information fairly present, in all
material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods, presented in the GSK Annual Report 2020 and Form 20-F;

•   they are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that ensure that
material information is made known to them, and have evaluated the effectiveness of these controls and procedures as at the year-end, the results of such evaluation being contained in the GSK Annual Report
2020 and Form 20-F;

•   they are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting that provides
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

64

Table of Contents

•   they have disclosed in the GSK Annual Report 2020 and Form 20-F any
changes in internal controls over financial reporting during the period covered by the GSK Annual Report 2020 and Form 20-F that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to affect materially, the
company’s internal control over financial reporting; and

•   they have disclosed, based on their most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
external auditors and the ARC, all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to affect adversely the company’s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information, and any fraud (regardless of materiality) involving persons that have a significant role in the company’s internal control over financial reporting.

The Group has carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the CEO and CFO, of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of the Group’s disclosure controls and procedures as at 31 December 2020.

There are
inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure
controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.

Based on the Group’s evaluation,
the CEO and CFO have concluded that, as at December 31, 2020, the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Group files and submits under
the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required and that it is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding disclosure.

The CEO and CFO completed these certifications on March 12, 2021.

Section 404: Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting.

In accordance with the requirements of section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, the following report is provided by management in respect of the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f)
 and
15d-15(f)
 under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934):

•   management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for
the Group. Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS;

•   management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the
framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission;

•   management has assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as at 31 December
2020 and has concluded that such internal control over financial reporting was effective. In addition, there have been no changes in the Group’s internal control over financial reporting during 2020 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to affect materially, the Group’s internal control over financial reporting; and

•   Deloitte LLP, which has audited the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended
December 31, 2020, has also assessed the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control over financial reporting under Auditing Standard No. 2201 of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Their audit report can
be found below.

65

Table of Contents

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of GlaxoSmithKline plc

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We
have audited the internal control over financial reporting of GlaxoSmithKline plc and subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 31 December 2020, based on criteria established in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework
(2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Group maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as at 31 December 2020,
based on criteria established in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020, of the Group and our report dated 12 March 2021, expressed an
unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Group’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying “
Section
 404: Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting
” included in Item 15 of the Form
20-F.
 Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Group’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to the Group in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte LLP

London, United Kingdom

12 March 2021

66

Table of Contents

Item 16.A   Audit committee financial expert

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Board Committee information” on page 96; and

•   “Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002” on page 284

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 16.B   Code of Ethics

The information set forth under the heading “Code of Conduct and reporting lines” on page 102 of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is
incorporated herein by reference. You will find the Code of Conduct at this link:

https://www.gsk.com/en-gb/about-us/policies-codes-and-standards/
.

No waivers were granted from a provision of our code of ethics to an officer or person described in Item 16B(a) that relates to one or more of
the items set forth in Item 16B(b) in 2020.

Item 16.C   Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Audit Fees for 2018, 2019 and 2020 were paid to Deloitte LLP.

16C(a)   Audit Fees

The information set forth in the table under the heading “Fees payable to the company’s auditor and its associates” in the rows
named “Audit of parent company and consolidated financial statements including attestation under s.404 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002” and “Audit of the company’s subsidiaries” in Note 8 – “Operating profit” on
page 170 of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

16C(b)   Audit-Related Fees

The information set forth in the table under the heading “Fees payable to the company’s auditor and its associates” in the row
named “Audit related and other assurance services” in Note 8 – “Operating profit” on page 170 of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference. The other assurance services provided by the auditor relate to
agreed upon procedures and other assurance services outside of statutory audit requirements.

16C(c)   Tax Fees

The information set forth in the table under the heading “Fees payable to the company’s auditor and its associates” in the row
named “Taxation compliance” in Note 8 – “Operating profit” on page 170 of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

16C(d)   All Other Fees

The information set forth in the table under the heading “Fees payable to the company’s auditor and its associates” in the row
named “All other services” in Note 8 – “Operating profit” on page 170 of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference. All other services provided by the auditor primarily related to advisory services for
the year-ended 31 December 2020.

16C(e)   The information set forth under the heading “Non-audit services” on page 101 of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

16C(f)   Not applicable.

Item 16.D   Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees

Not applicable.

Item 16.E   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

Not applicable.

Item 16.F   Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant

Not applicable.

67

Table of Contents

Item 16.G   Corporate Governance

Comparison of New York Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Standards and GlaxoSmithKline plc’s corporate governance practice.

The application of the New York Stock Exchange’s (“NYSE”) corporate governance standards is restricted for foreign companies,
recognizing that they have to comply with domestic requirements. As a foreign private issuer, GlaxoSmithKline plc (“GlaxoSmithKline” or the “Company”) must comply with the following NYSE standards:

1.   the Company must satisfy the audit committee requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”);

2.   the Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”) must promptly notify the NYSE in writing after any executive
officer of the Company becomes aware of any non-compliance with any applicable provisions of the NYSE’s corporate governance standards;

3.   the Company must submit an annual affirmation to the NYSE affirming GlaxoSmithKline’s compliance with
applicable NYSE corporate governance standards, and submit interim affirmations to the NYSE notifying it of specified changes to the audit committee or a change to the status of the Company as a foreign private issuer; and

4.   the Company must provide a brief description of any significant differences between its corporate governance
practices and those followed by US companies under the NYSE listing standards.

As a Company listed on the London Stock
Exchange, GlaxoSmithKline is required to comply with the UK Listing Authority’s Listing Rules (the “Listing Rules”) and to report
non-compliance
 with the UK Corporate Governance Code (the
“UK Code”).

The table below discloses differences between GlaxoSmithKline’s current domestic corporate governance
practices, which are based on the UK Code, and the NYSE corporate governance standards, applicable to US companies.

68

Table of Contents

NYSE Corporate Governance Standards   Description of differences between GlaxoSmithKline’s governance practice and the NYSE Corporate Governance Standards
Director Independence (303A.01 of NYSE Manual)
1.   Listed companies must have a majority of independent directors (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act).   GlaxoSmithKline complies with the equivalent domestic requirements contained in the UK Corporate Governance Code (the “UK Code”),
the latest version of which was issued in July 2018. The UK Code provides that the
board of directors of GlaxoSmithKline (the “Board”) and its committees should have a combination of skills, experience and knowledge. Consideration should be given to the length of the service of the Board and membership should be
regularly refreshed (Principle K). The Board should include an appropriate combination of Executive and Non-Executive Directors and, in particular, “independent” Non-Executive Directors (for the purpose of the UK Code) such that no one individual or small group of individuals can dominate the Board’s decision making. There should be a clear division of
responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and the executive leadership of GlaxoSmithKline’s business (Principle G). At least half the Board, excluding the Chairman, should comprise Non-Executive Directors determined by the Board to be independent (Provision 11). The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive should not be exercised by the same individual. If, exceptionally, this is proposed
by the Board, major shareholders should be consulted ahead of appointment (Provision 9). The current Chairman of the Board, Sir Jonathan Symonds, was considered independent on appointment (Provision 9). The Board considers that Charles Bancroft, Vindi Banga, Dr Vivienne Cox, Lynn Elsenhans,
Dr Laurie Glimcher, Dr Jesse Goodman, Judy Lewent, and Urs Rohner are independent for the purpose of the UK Code. A majority of the Board members are independent Non-Executive Directors and, in accordance with the requirements of the
UK Code, the Board has appointed one of the independent Non-Executive Directors as Senior Independent Director to provide a sounding board for the Chairman and act as an intermediary for other Directors and
shareholders where necessary (Provision 12). In January 2012 the Board adopted a formal written role specification for the Senior Independent Director.

69

Table of Contents

NYSE Independence Tests (303A.02 of the NYSE Manual)
2.   In order to tighten the definition of “independent director” for purposes of these standards: (a)   (i) No director qualifies
as “independent” unless the board of directors affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a
relationship with the company). (ii)  In addition, in affirmatively determining the independence of any director who will serve on the
compensation committee of the listed company’s board of directors, the board of directors must consider all factors specifically relevant to determining whether a director has a relationship to the listed company which is material to that
director’s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a compensation committee member, including, but not limited to: (A) the source of compensation of such director, including any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee paid by the listed company to such director;
and (B) whether such director is affiliated with the listed company, a subsidiary of
the listed company or an affiliate of a subsidiary of the listed company. (b)   In addition, a director is not independent if: (i) The director is, or has been within the
last three years, an employee of the listed company, or an immediate family member is, or has been within the last three years, an executive officer, of the listed company. (ii)  The director has received, or has an immediate family member who has received, during any
twelve-month period within the last three years, more than $120,000 in direct compensation from the listed company, other than director and committee fees and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior service (provided such
compensation is not contingent in any way on continued service). (iii)  (A) The director is a current partner or employee of a firm that is the listed company’s
internal or external auditor; (B) the director has an immediate family   GlaxoSmithKline complies with the corresponding domestic requirements contained in the UK Code, which sets out the principles for
GlaxoSmithKline to determine whether a director is independent. The Board is
required to identify each Non-Executive Director it considers to be independent. Circumstances which are likely to impair, or could appear to impair a non-executive director’s independence include, but are not limited to, whether a director: (a)   is or has been an employee of GlaxoSmithKline within the last five years; (b)   has, or has had within
the last three years, a material business relationship with GlaxoSmithKline either directly or as a partner, shareholder, director or senior employee of a body that has such a relationship with GlaxoSmithKline; (c)   has received or receives
additional remuneration from GlaxoSmithKline apart from a director’s fee, participates in GlaxoSmithKline’s share option or a performance-related pay scheme, or is a member of GlaxoSmithKline’s pension scheme; (d)   has close family ties
with any of GlaxoSmithKline’s advisers, directors or senior employees; (e)   holds cross-directorships or has significant links with other directors through involvement in
other companies or bodies; (f)   represents a significant shareholder; or (g)   has served on the Board
for more than nine years from the date of their first appointment. Where any of
these or other relevant circumstances apply, and the Board nonetheless considers that the non-executive director is independent, a clear explanation should be provided (Provision 10). The Board considers all its Non-Executive Directors to be independent in character and judgment and has concluded that all its Non-Executive Directors are independent within the meaning of the UK Code. The Chairman satisfied the independence criteria on appointment in accordance with the
UK Code (Provision 9). The Chairman should not remain in post beyond nine years from the date of their first appointment to the Board. To facilitate effective succession planning and the development of a diverse board, this period can be extended
for a limited time (Provision 19).

70

Table of Contents

member who is a current partner of such a firm; (C) the director has an immediate family member who is a current
employee of such a firm and personally works on the listed company’s audit; or (D) the director or an immediate family member was within the last three years a partner or employee of such a firm and personally worked on the listed
company’s audit within that time. (iv) The director or an immediate family member is, or has been within the last three years, employed as an
executive officer of another company where any of the listed company’s present executive officers at the same time serves or served on that company’s compensation committee. (v)   The director is a current
employee, or an immediate family member is a current executive officer, of a company that has made payments to, or received payments from, the listed company for property or services in an amount which, in any of the last three fiscal years, exceeds
the greater of $1 million, or 2% of such other company’s consolidated gross revenues. (For the purposes of these standards “executive officer” is defined to have the meaning specified for the term “officer” in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the “Exchange Act”).   GlaxoSmithKline complied with the UK Code requirement, and its
Articles of Association, that all Directors should be subject to annual election or re-election by shareholders (Provision 18) at its Annual General Meeting in 2020 and intends to comply with this requirement
at its 2021 Annual General Meeting. The UK Code also provides that the Board should
undertake a formal and rigorous annual evaluation of its own performance and that of its committees, the Chairman and individual Directors (Principle L and Provision 21). Annual evaluation of the Board should consider the Board’s composition,
diversity and how effectively members work together to achieve objectives. Individual evaluation should demonstrate whether each director continues to contribute effectively (Principle L). GlaxoSmithKline has complied with this requirement. In
addition, the annual evaluation of the Board should be externally facilitated at least every three years and a statement should be made as to whether an external facilitator has any other connection with GlaxoSmithKline and the external facilitator
should be identified in the Annual Report (Provision 21). Internally facilitated evaluations were conducted in 2015, 2016 and 2018. GlaxoSmithKline conducted an externally facilitated evaluation in 2014, 2017, 2019 and 2020. The Financial Reporting Council’s Guidance on Board Effectiveness
(“Guidance”) provides that all Directors should receive an induction on joining the Board and should regularly update and refresh their skills and knowledge. The Chairman should ensure that new Directors receive a full, formal and tailored
induction on joining the Board (Guidance, para 61, 75-76 & 81). The Chairman should act on the results of the annual evaluation by recognising the strengths and addressing any weaknesses of the Board. Each
Director should engage with this process and take appropriate action when development needs have been identified (Provision 22).

71

Table of Contents

Executive Sessions (303A.03 of the NYSE Manual)   Meetings
3.   To empower non-management directors to serve as a more effective check on management, the non-management directors of each listed company must meet at
regularly scheduled executive sessions without management.   GlaxoSmithKline complies with the equivalent domestic requirements set out in the UK Code, which requires the Chairman of GlaxoSmithKline to
hold meetings with the Non-Executive Directors without executives present (Provision 13). The Non-Executive Directors, led by the Senior Independent Director, also meet
at least annually without the Chairman present to appraise the Chairman’s performance and on other occasions as necessary (Provision 12). The UK Code provides that the Chairman should promote a culture of openness and debate by facilitating the effective contribution of all Non-Executive Directors in particular, and constructive board relations between Executive and Non-Executive Directors (Principle F). In addition, the Chairman should seek
regular engagement with major shareholders in order to understand their views on governance and performance against the strategy. The Chairman is responsible for ensuring that the Board as a whole has a clear understanding of the view of
shareholders and stakeholders (Principle D and Provision 3). The Board should also understand the views of GlaxoSmithKline’s other key stakeholders and keep engagement mechanisms under review so that they remain effective (Provision
5).

72

Table of Contents

Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee (303A.04 of the NYSE Manual)   Nominations Committee
4.   (a) Listed companies must have a nominating/corporate governance committee composed entirely of independent directors. (b) The nominating/corporate governance committee must have a written charter that
addresses: (i) the committee’s
purpose and responsibilities – which, at minimum, must be to: identify individuals qualified to become board members, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and to select, or to recommend that the board select, the director nominees
for the next annual meeting of shareholders; develop and recommend to the board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to the corporation; and oversee the evaluation of the board and management; and (ii)  an annual performance
evaluation of the committee.   GlaxoSmithKline complies with the corresponding domestic requirements set out in the UK Code, which requires GlaxoSmithKline to have a
Nominations Committee that is comprised of a majority of independent Non-Executive Directors (Provision 17). In practice, GlaxoSmithKline’s current Nominations & Corporate Governance Committee is
comprised entirely of independent directors within the meaning of the UK Code. The Chairman of the Board should not chair the committee when it is dealing with the appointment of their successor (Provision 17). GlaxoSmithKline’s Nominations & Corporate Governance Committee has written
terms of reference in accordance with the UK Code. The terms of reference are available on GlaxoSmithKline’s website and explain the Nominations & Corporate Governance Committee’s role and the authority delegated to it by the
Board (Guidance, para 63). The Nominations & Corporate Governance Committee reviews the structure, size, diversity (including gender diversity), and composition of the Board (evaluating the balance of skills, experience, independence and
knowledge on the Board), leads the process for the appointment of members to the Board and the Corporate Executive Team (the “CET”), and makes recommendations to the Board as appropriate. The Nominations & Corporate Governance
Committee also monitors the planning of succession for the Board and Senior Management (Provision 17).

73

Table of Contents

The terms and conditions of appointment of the Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are available for
inspection (Guidance, para 96). The UK Code requires that GlaxoSmithKline’s
Annual Report describes the work of the Nominations Committee in discharging its duties, including the process it has used in relation to appointments, its approach to succession planning and how both support developing a diverse pipeline (Provision
23). Open advertising and/or an external search consultancy should generally be used for the appointment of a chairman or a non-executive director. If an external search consultancy is engaged it should be
identified in the Annual Report and a statement should be made as to whether it has any other connection with GlaxoSmithKline or individual directors (Provision 20). This section should also include a description of how the board evaluation has been
conducted, the Board’s policy on diversity and inclusion together with its objectives and linkage to GlaxoSmithKline’s strategy, how it has been implemented and progress on achieving the objectives, and the gender balance of those in the
senior management and their direct reports (Provision 23). GlaxoSmithKline has complied with this requirement under the UK Code. As described above, there is an annual Board evaluation exercise, which also includes evaluation of the Board’s committees and individual Directors
(Principle L). The Board is responsible for regularly reviewing its corporate
governance standards and practices. The Company Secretary oversees corporate governance matters for the Group. The Company Secretary is responsible for advising the Board t on all corporate governance matters (Provision 16). Domestic requirements do
not mandate GlaxoSmithKline to establish a distinct corporate governance committee.

74

Table of Contents

Compensation Committee (303A.05 of the NYSE Manual)   Remuneration Committee
5.   (a) Listed companies must have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Compensation committee members must
satisfy the additional independence requirements specific to compensation committee membership set forth in Section 2(a)(ii) in the Section titled “Independence Tests” above. (b) The
compensation committee must have a written charter that addresses: (i) the
committee’s purpose and responsibilities – which, at a minimum, must be to have direct responsibility to: (A)  review and approve corporate goals and objectives relevant to CEO compensation, evaluate the
CEO’s performance in light of those goals and objectives, and, either as a committee or together with the other independent directors (as directed by the board), determine and approve the CEO’s compensation level based on this
evaluation; (B)  make
recommendations to the board with respect to non-CEO executive officer compensation, and incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval; and (C)  prepare the disclosure required
by Item 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act; (ii) an annual performance evaluation of the compensation committee. (iii) The rights and responsibilities of the compensation committee set forth in Section 303A.05(c). (c)(i) The compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the
advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser. (ii) The compensation committee shall be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any compensation consultant,
independent legal counsel or other adviser retained by the compensation committee. (iii) The listed company must provide for appropriate funding, as determined by the compensation committee, for payment of reasonable compensation to a
compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or any other adviser retained by the compensation committee. (iv) The compensation committee may select a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser to the compensation committee only after taking into
consideration, all factors relevant to that person’s independence from management, including the following:   GlaxoSmithKline complies with the equivalent domestic requirements set out in the UK Code, which requires GlaxoSmithKline to have a
Remuneration Committee comprising at least three independent Non-Executive Directors (Provision 32). In practice, GlaxoSmithKline’s current Remuneration Committee is comprised entirely of independent
directors within the meaning of the UK Code. GlaxoSmithKline’s Remuneration
Committee has written terms of reference in accordance with the UK Code, which explain the Remuneration Committee’s role and the authority delegated to it by the Board and are available on GlaxoSmithKline’s website (Guidance, para 63). The
Remuneration Committee determines the terms of service and remuneration of the Executive Directors and members of the CET and, with the assistance of external independent advisers, it evaluates and makes recommendations to the Board on overall
executive remuneration policy (the Chairman and the CEO are responsible for evaluating and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors). It should review workforce
remuneration and related policies and the alignment of incentives and rewards with culture, taking these into account when setting the policy for executive director remuneration (Provision 33). Where remuneration consultants are appointed, they
should be identified in the Annual Report and a statement should be made as to whether they have any other connection with GlaxoSmithKline or individual directors (Provision 35). The UK Code provides that the Remuneration Committee: (a)   should take care to
recognise and manage conflicts of interest when receiving views from Executive Directors or senior management, or consulting the Chief Executive about its proposals (Provision 35 & Guidance, para 129) and should have delegated responsibility for
setting remuneration for all Executive Directors and the Chairman (Provision 33); (b)   should carefully consider the pension consequences and associated costs of basic salary
increases and any other changes in pensionable remuneration, or contribution rates, particularly for Directors close to retirement (Provision 38);

75

Table of Contents

(A)  The provision
of other services to the listed company by the person that employs the compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser; (B)  The amount of fees received from the listed company by the person that employs the compensation
consultant, legal counsel or other adviser, as a percentage of the total revenue of the person that employs the compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser; (C)  The policies and procedures of the person that employs the compensation consultant, legal counsel or
other adviser that are designed to prevent conflicts of interest; (D)  Any business or personal relationship of the compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser
with a member of the compensation committee;   (c)   should
ensure that compensation commitments in Directors’ terms of appointment do not reward poor performance (Provision 39). Remuneration schemes should promote long-term shareholdings by Executive Directors that support alignment with long-term
shareholder interests. A formal policy should be developed for post-employment shareholding requirements encompassing both unvested and vested shares (Provision 36). Remuneration schemes and policies should enable the use of discretion to override
formulaic outcomes and include provisions that would enable GlaxoSmithKline to recover and/or withhold sums or share awards specifying the circumstances in which it would be appropriate to do so (Provision 37); and (d)   when determining
Executive Director remuneration policy and practices, should address the following: (i) remuneration arrangements are transparent and promote effective engagement with shareholders and the workforce; (ii) the operation and rationale of
remuneration structures are easy to understand; (iii)

76

Table of Contents

(E)  Any stock of the listed company owned by the compensation consultant, legal counsel
or other adviser; and (F)  Any
business or personal relationship of the compensation consultant, legal counsel, other adviser or the person employing the adviser with an executive officer of the listed company.   remuneration arrangements identify and mitigate reputational and other risks from excessive rewards and behavioural risks
that can arise from target-based incentive plans; (iv) the range of possible values of rewards to individual Directors and any other limits or discretions are identified and explained at the time of approving the policy; (v) the link
between individual awards, the delivery of strategy and the long-term performance of GlaxoSmithKline should be clear; and (vi) incentive schemes should drive behaviours consistent with company purpose, values and strategy (Provision 40). The UK Code requires that remuneration of Non-Executive Directors should not include share options or other performance-related elements, but should reflect the time commitment and responsibilities of the role (Provision 34). The UK Code requires that notice or contract periods should be one year or less
(Provision 39). As described above, there is an annual Board evaluation exercise,
which also includes evaluation of the Board’s committees (Principle L).

77

Table of Contents

Audit Committee (303A.06 and 303A.07 of the NYSE Manual)   Audit & Risk Committee
6.   Listed companies must have an audit committee that satisfies the requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act.   GlaxoSmithKline complies with equivalent domestic requirements set out in the UK Code, which require that GlaxoSmithKline has an
Audit & Risk Committee that is comprised of at least three independent Non-Executive Directors (Provision 24). GlaxoSmithKline considers all members of the Audit & Risk Committee to be
independent. The Board has also satisfied itself, in line with the UK Code, that at least one member of the Audit & Risk Committee has recent and relevant financial experience and that the Audit & Risk Committee as a whole has
competence relevant to the sector in which GlaxoSmithKline operates (Provision 24). Under the UK Code, the main roles and responsibilities of the Audit & Risk Committee include: (a)   monitoring the integrity
of the financial statements of GlaxoSmithKline and any formal announcements relating to GlaxoSmithKline’s financial performance, reviewing significant financial reporting judgments contained in them (Provision 25); (b)   providing advice (where
requested by the Board) on whether the Annual Report and accounts, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess GlaxoSmithKline’s position and performance, business
model and strategy (Provision 25); (c)   reviewing GlaxoSmithKline’s internal financial controls and internal control and risk
management systems (Provision 25); (d)   monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of GlaxoSmithKline’s internal audit function
(Provision 25); (e)   conducting the tender process and making recommendations to the Board, regarding the
appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor and approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor (Provision 25); (f)   reviewing and monitoring
the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process, taking into consideration relevant UK professional and regulatory requirements (Provision 25);

78

Table of Contents

(g)   developing and implementing policy on the engagement of external auditors to supply non-audit services, ensuring there is prior approval of non-audit services, considering the impact this may have on independence, taking into account the relevant regulations
and ethical guidance regarding the provision of non-audit services by the external audit firm, and to report to the Board on any improvement or action required (Provision 25); and (h)   reporting to the Board on
how it has discharged its responsibilities (Provision 25). The Audit & Risk
Committee is also the means by which the Board reviews arrangements by which the staff of GlaxoSmithKline may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters (Provision 6). GlaxoSmithKline’s Audit & Risk Committee meets the requirements of Rule 10A-3 in that: •  each member of the Audit & Risk Committee is deemed to be “independent” in
accordance with the Exchange Act, and applicable NYSE and UK requirements;

79

Table of Contents

•  the Audit & Risk Committee,
amongst other things, is responsible for recommending the appointment, compensation, maintenance of independence and oversight of the work of any registered public accounting firm engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or
performing other audit, review or attest services for GlaxoSmithKline, and each such accounting firm must report directly to the Audit & Risk Committee; •  the Audit & Risk Committee has established a procedure for the receipt, retention and
treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, and for the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; •  the Audit & Risk
Committee has the authority to engage independent counsel and other advisors as it determines necessary to carry out its duties; and •  GlaxoSmithKline must provide appropriate funding for the Audit & Risk Committee. The Board has determined that Judy Lewent and Charles Bancroft each have the appropriate
qualifications and backgrounds to be an “Audit Committee Financial Expert” as defined in rules promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act.

80

Table of Contents

7.   (a) The audit committee must have a minimum of three members. All audit committee members must satisfy the requirements for independence set
out in Section 303A.02 and, in the absence of an applicable exemption, Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. (b) The audit committee must have a written charter that addresses: (i) the committee’s purpose – which, at minimum, must be to: (A)  assist board oversight of
(1) the integrity of the listed company’s financial statements, (2) the listed company’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) the independent auditor’s qualifications and independence, and (4) the
performance of the listed company’s internal audit function and independent auditors (if the listed company does not yet have an internal audit function because it is availing itself of a transition period pursuant to Section 303A.00, the
charter must provide that the committee will assist board oversight of the design and implementation of the internal audit function); and (B)  prepare disclosure required by Item 407(d)(3)(i) of Regulation S-K (regarding the audit committee’s review and discussion of financial statements and certain other audit matters with management and auditors); (ii)  an annual performance
evaluation of the audit committee; and (iii)  the duties and responsibilities of the audit committee – which, at a minimum, must include
those set out in Rule 10A-3(b)(2), (3), (4) and (5) of the Exchange Act as well as to:   GlaxoSmithKline complies with the equivalent domestic requirements set out in the UK Code, which requires that the Audit & Risk
Committee should be comprised of a minimum of three independent Non-Executive Directors (Provision 24). GlaxoSmithKline’s Audit & Risk Committee has written terms of reference in accordance with the UK Code. The terms of reference are available on
GlaxoSmithKline’s website and explain the Audit & Risk Committee’s role and the authority delegated to it by the Board (Guidance, para 63). The Audit & Risk Committee’s main responsibilities include monitoring and reviewing the financial reporting process, the system of internal
control and risk management, overseeing the identification and management of risks, the external and internal process and for monitoring compliance with laws, regulations and ethical codes of practice, including review throughout the year of
integrated assurance reports comprising business unit and associated consolidated internal audit reports. Where requested by the Board, the Audit & Risk Committee should provide advice on the following areas which the directors as a whole
are required to explain in the Annual Report: •  whether the annual report and accounts, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and
provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess GlaxoSmithKline’s performance, business model and strategy (Principle M & Provision 27); and •  when taking into account GlaxoSmithKline’s position and principal risks, how the prospects of
GlaxoSmithKline have been assessed, over what period and why the period is regarded as appropriate. The Audit & Risk Committee should also advise whether there is a reasonable expectation that GlaxoSmithKline will be able
to

81

Table of Contents

(A) at least annually, obtain and review a report by the independent auditor describing: the firm’s internal
quality-control procedures; any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years,
respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm, and any steps taken to deal with any such issues; and (to assess the auditor’s independence) all relationships between the independent auditor and the listed company; (B) meet to review and discuss the listed company’s annual
audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing the listed company’s specific disclosures under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations”; (C) discuss the
listed company’s earnings press releases, as well as financial information and earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies; (D) discuss policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management; (E) meet separately, periodically, with management, with internal
auditors (or other personnel responsible for the internal audit function) and with independent auditors; (F) review with the independent auditor any audit problems or difficulties and management’s response; (G) set clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of
the independent auditors; and (H) report regularly to the board
of directors. (c)   Each
listed company must have an internal audit function.   continue in operation and meet its liabilities when falling due over the said period, drawing attention to any
qualifications or assumptions as necessary (Provision 31). The UK Code requires that
a separate section of the Annual Report should describe the work of the Audit & Risk Committee in discharging its responsibilities (Provision 26). The Annual Report should include: •  the significant issues that the committee considered in relation to the financial statements, and
how these issues were addressed (Provision 26); •  an explanation of how it has assessed the effectiveness of the external audit process and the
approach taken to the appointment or reappointment of the external auditor, information on the length of tenure of the current audit firm and when a tender was last conducted and advance notice of any retendering plans (Provision 26); •  in the case of the Board not
accepting the Audit & Risk Committee’s recommendation on the external auditor appointment, reappointment or removal, a statement from the Audit & Risk Committee explaining its recommendation and the reasons why the Board has
taken a different position (Provision 26); and •  if the external auditor provides non-audit services, an
explanation of how auditor objectivity and independence are safeguarded (Provision 26). Please see section 6 above for a description of the main role and responsibilities of the Audit & Risk Committee. In accordance with the UK Code (Provision 25), the Audit & Risk Committee
monitors and reviews the effectiveness of GlaxoSmithKline’s internal audit function.

82

Table of Contents

Shareholder Approval of Equity Compensation Plans (303A.08 of the NYSE Manual)
8.   Shareholders must be given the opportunity to vote on all equity-compensation plans and material revisions thereto, except for employment inducement awards, certain grants, plans and amendments in the context of mergers and
acquisitions, and certain specific types of plans. However, these exempt grants, plans and amendments may be made only with the approval of the listed company’s independent compensation committee or the approval of a majority of the listed
company’s independent directors. Companies must also notify the Exchange in writing when they use one of these exemptions.   GlaxoSmithKline complies with corresponding domestic requirements in the Listing Rules, which mandate that GlaxoSmithKline must seek shareholder approval for employee share schemes and significant changes to existing schemes, save
in circumstances permitted by the Listing Rules (Listing Rule 9.4). Please see section 5(d) above.
Corporate Governance Guidelines (303A.09 of the NYSE Manual)
9.   Listed companies must adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines.   GlaxoSmithKline complies with corresponding domestic requirements in the Listing Rules and the UK Code, which require that GlaxoSmithKline includes an explanation in its Annual Report of how it complies with the principles of the UK
Code and a confirmation that it complies with the UK Code’s provisions or, where it does not, provide an explanation of how and why it does not comply (Listing Rule 9.8.6). In addition, GlaxoSmithKline is required to make certain mandatory
corporate governance statements in the Directors’ Report in accordance with the UK Listing Authority’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, DTR 7. GlaxoSmithKline will comply with these requirements in its 2020 Annual
Report.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (303A.10 of the NYSE Manual)   Code of Conduct
10.   Listed companies must adopt and disclose a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers and employees, and promptly disclose any waivers of the code for directors or executive officers.   GlaxoSmithKline’s Code of Conduct for all employees, including the CEO, CFO and other senior financial officers, is available on GlaxoSmithKline’s website.
Foreign Private Issuer Disclosure (303A.11 of the NYSE Manual)
11.   Listed foreign private issuers must disclose any significant ways in which their corporate governance practices differ from those followed by
domestic companies under NYSE listing standards. Listed foreign private issuers are
required to provide this disclosure in the English language and in their annual reports filed on Form 20-F.   GlaxoSmithKline fulfils this requirement by including this disclosure in its Annual Report on Form 20-F.
12.   Certification Requirements (303A.12 of the NYSE Manual)
Each listed company and its CEO must file certain annual and interim certifications regarding compliance with the corporate governance requirements and certain other matters (although foreign private issuers are only required to
comply with a subset of these requirements).   GlaxoSmithKline fulfils this requirement by filing the required certifications each year.

83

Table of Contents

Item 16.H   Mine Safety Disclosure

Not applicable.

PART III

Item 17   Financial Statements

Not applicable.

Item 18   Financial Statements

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Consolidated income statement” on page 154;

•   “Consolidated statement of comprehensive income” on page 154;

•   “Consolidated balance sheet” on page 155;

•   “Consolidated statement of changes in equity” on page 156;

•   “Consolidated cash flow statement” on page 157; and

•   “Notes to the financial statements” on pages 158 to 237

of the GSK Annual Report 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.

84

Table of Contents

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of GlaxoSmithKline plc

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GlaxoSmithKline plc and subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the related consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive income, statements of changes in
equity, and cash flow statements, for each of the three years in the period ended 31 December 2020, and the related notes, included in Exhibit 15.2 on pages 154 to 237 (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
31 December 2020, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

We have
also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Group’s internal control over financial reporting as at 31 December 2020, based on criteria established in Internal
Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated 12 March 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Group’s internal control over financial
reporting.

Change in Accounting Policies

As
discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, effective 1 January 2019, the Group adopted IFRS 16 Leases, using the modified retrospective approach.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Group’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Group’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Group in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters
communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to
the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

85

Table of Contents

Valuation of the ViiV Healthcare Shionogi contingent consideration liability

Accounts impacted: Contingent consideration liabilities and Other operating expense

Refer to Notes 3, 28, 32 and 43 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

In recent years
the Group has completed a number of significant transactions which resulted in the recognition of material contingent consideration liabilities, which are a key source of estimation uncertainty. The most significant of these liabilities was the ViiV
Healthcare Shionogi Contingent Consideration Liability (“ViiV CCL”).

The Group completed the acquisition of the remaining 50% interest in the
Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare joint venture in 2012. Upon completion, the Group recognised a contingent consideration liability for the fair value of the expected future payments to be made to Shionogi. As at 31 December 2020 the liability was
valued at £5,359 million.

We identified the ViiV CCL as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management
makes related to the sales forecasts used in valuing the ViiV CCL and the sensitivity of the valuation to these inputs. The most significant of these relate to sales forecasts in the United States (US) on certain products in the treatment portfolio.
Such forecasts are based on management’s assessment of the expected launch dates, the ability to shift market practice and prescriber behavior towards
2-drug
 regimens, and subsequent sales volumes and
pricing. The forecasts also required significant audit effort to perform appropriate audit procedures to challenge and evaluate the reasonableness of those forecasts.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

We performed the following audit procedures, amongst others, related to the sales forecasts:

•   Challenged management’s evidence through enquiries of key individuals from the senior leadership team,
commercial strategy team and key personnel involved in the budgeting and forecasting process, and obtained objective evidence with respect to key inputs and assumptions;

•   Challenged the US volume assumptions made by management to estimate sales forecasts. This involved benchmarking
market share data against external data, such as total prescription volumes and new patient prescription volumes, in order to assess for any sources of contradictory evidence;

•   Challenged the reasonableness of US pricing assumptions made by management, by comparing the forecasted Returns
and Rebates rate by product against the current rate, and assessing the forecasted Returns and Rebates against comparable products and expected changes in payer policy;

•   Reviewed the results of clinical studies undertaken in the year by management and key competitors in order to
assess whether these are corroborative or contradictory to management’s assumptions on the treatment product portfolio sales forecasts in the US;

•   Benchmarked management’s sales forecasts against those included in reports from 16 analysts and considered
sales forecasts on both a total ViiV basis and an individual product basis; and

•   Tested the controls over the key inputs and assumptions used in the valuation of the contingent consideration
liability, including management review controls over the sales forecasts of the treatment product portfolio used to value the ViiV CCL.

86

Table of Contents

Valuation of US Returns and Rebates (RAR) accruals

Accounts impacted: Turnover and Trade and other payables

Refer to Notes 3 and 28 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

In the US the
Group sells to customers under various commercial and government mandated contracts and reimbursement arrangements that include rebates, chargebacks and a right of return for certain pharmaceutical products. As such, revenue recognition reflects
gross-to-net
 sales adjustments. These adjustments are known as the Returns and Rebates (“RAR”) accruals and are a source of significant estimation uncertainty which
could have a material impact on reported revenue.

The three most significant payer channels (also referred to as buying groups) within the RAR accrual are
managed healthcare organisations, Medicaid and Medicare Part D.

The two main causes of significant estimation uncertainty are:

•   The utilisation rate, which is the portion of total sales that will be made into each payer channel, estimated by
management in recording the accruals. The utilisation assumption is the most challenging of the key assumptions used to derive the accrual given that it is influenced by market demand and other factors outside the control of the Group; and

•   The time lag between the point of sale and the point at which exact rebate amounts are known to the Group upon
receipt of a claim. Those payer channels with the longest time lag result in a greater accrued period, and therefore, a greater level of estimation uncertainty in estimating the period end accrual.

The level of estimation uncertainty is also impacted by significant shifts in channel mix often driven by changes in the competitive landscape, including
competitor and generic product launches and other macroeconomic factors. As such, we focus on the utilisation assumptions for those products where we deem the level of estimation uncertainty to be the most significant.

Furthermore, the standards of the PCAOB presume that a significant fraud risk exists in revenue recognition. In line with this presumption, we also focus on
the
period-end
 adjustments management made to the RAR accruals. These adjustments reflected updates made by management to the initial assumptions included within the forecasted RAR rates and, in our view,
present the greatest opportunity for fraud in revenue recognition (notwithstanding the existence of internal controls).

In the US Pharmaceuticals business
in 2020 $17,343 million of RAR deductions were made to gross revenue of $31,744 million, resulting in net revenue of $14,401 million. The balance sheet accrual at 31 December 2020 for the combined US Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines
businesses amounted to $6,394 million.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

We performed the following audit procedures, amongst others, related to management estimates in the RAR accruals:

•   Challenged management’s assumptions for a selection of utilisation rates, focusing on certain products where
we concluded the accrual is most sensitive to these assumptions. Our challenge included comparison to historical utilisation rates, consideration of historical accuracy and drivers of market changes such as the impact of ongoing generic competition
and the macroeconomic impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic;

87

Table of Contents

•   Supplemented this with substantive analytical procedures by developing an independent expectation of the accrual
balance for each of the key segments, based on historical claims received adjusted to reflect market changes in the period including an assessment of the time lag between the initial point of sale and the claim receipt. We then compared this
independent expectation to those of management to evaluate the appropriateness of management’s ending accrual position;

•   Considered the historical accuracy of management’s estimates and evaluated whether management had
appropriately updated their forecast assumptions in a selection of cases where the actual rebate claims differed to the amount accrued;

•   Challenged the appropriateness of, and completeness of, period-end adjustments to the liability made by management as part of the ongoing review of the estimated accrual; and

•   Tested the key controls over the estimation of RAR accruals including the controls associated with the
forecasting of utilisation rates process and the month-end accrual review controls.

Valuation of other intangible assets

Accounts
impacted: Other intangible assets, Cost of sales

Refer to Notes 20 and 40 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

As at
31 December 2020, the Group held £28,771 million of other intangible assets (including licences, patents, trademarks and brand names, but excluding goodwill and computer software). The recoverable amount of these other intangible
assets relies on certain assumptions and estimates of future trading performance which create estimation uncertainty.

The assets most at risk of material
impairment were identified using sensitivity analysis on key assumptions and a review of potential triggering events that could be indicative of an impairment in the carrying value of associated assets. As a result of this analysis, we performed
additional audit procedures on certain indefinite life Consumer Healthcare intangible assets acquired from Pfizer in 2019.

Key assumptions applied by
management in determining the recoverable amount include the future sales growth rates and profit margin levels, as well as the likelihood of successful new product innovations. Changes in these assumptions could lead to an impairment of the
carrying value of the other intangible assets.

We identified the valuation of other intangible assets as a critical audit matter due to the inherent
judgements involved in estimating future cash flows. During the year there was increased uncertainty brought about by the
COVID-19
 pandemic and associated lockdowns. Auditing such estimates required extensive
audit effort to challenge and evaluate the reasonableness of forecasts.

88

Table of Contents

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

We performed the following audit procedures, amongst others, related to the future sales growth, likelihood of successful new product innovations and profit
margin levels used in the assessment of other intangible assets for impairment:

•   Met with the key individuals from the senior leadership team, product category leads and key personnel involved
in the forecasting process to discuss and evaluate management’s evidence to support future sales growth rates and profitability assumptions;

•   Challenged the business assumptions applied by management in estimating sales forecasts, including the
macroeconomic impacts resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. This involved benchmarking of sales forecasts and product compound annual growth rates to external data for the specific market segments;

•   Reviewed independent market research to corroborate expected category growth rates and assessed any sources of
contradictory evidence;

•   Compared the forecast sales to the plan data (asset by asset internal forecasts) approved by senior management
and the Board of directors;

•   Assessed the historical accuracy of management’s forecasts including consumption data and estimates of new
sales from innovation;

•   Considered whether events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date but before the reporting
date affect the conclusions reached on the carrying values of the assets and associated disclosures; and

•   Tested management review controls over the key inputs and assumptions used in the valuation of other intangible
assets, including controls over review of the revenue growth rates and profit margins.

Valuation of uncertain tax positions,
including transfer pricing

Accounts impacted: Corporation tax payable, Deferred tax liabilities and Taxation charge

Refer to Notes 3 and 14 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Group
operates in numerous jurisdictions and there are open tax and transfer pricing matters and exposures with UK, US and overseas tax authorities that give rise to uncertain tax positions. There is a range of possible outcomes for provisions and
contingencies and management are required to make certain judgements in respect of estimates of tax exposures and contingencies in order to assess the adequacy of tax provisions, which are sometimes complex as a result of the considerations required
over multiple tax laws and regulations.

At 31 December 2020, the Group has recorded provisions of £856 million in respect of uncertain tax
positions.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

With the support of tax specialists, we assessed the appropriateness of the uncertain tax provisions by performing the following audit procedures amongst
others:

•   Assessed and challenged provisions for uncertain tax positions, and focused our work on those jurisdictions where
the Group has the greatest potential exposure and where the highest level of judgement is required;

•   Assessed management’s policies for recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions for compliance
with the guidance per IFRIC 23;

•   Involved our transfer pricing specialists to review the transfer pricing methodology of the Group and associated
approach to provisioning;

89

Table of Contents

•   Involved our UK, US and international tax and transfer pricing specialists to challenge the conclusions reached
by management, both in relation to the expected outcome and the financial impact;

•   Considered evidence such as the actual results from the recent tax authority audits and enquiries, third-party
tax advice where obtained and our tax specialists’ own knowledge of market practice in relevant jurisdictions; and

•   Tested key controls over preparation, review and reporting of judgmental tax balances and transactions, which
include provisions for uncertain tax provisions.

/s/ Deloitte LLP

London, United Kingdom

12 March 2021

The first accounting period we audited was 31 December 2018

90

Table of Contents

Item 19   Exhibits

1.1   Articles of Association of the Registrant as in effect on the date hereof.
2.1   Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement among the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Depositary, and the owners and holders from
 time to time of the American Depositary Shares issued thereunder, including the form of American Depositary Receipt, is incorporated by reference to the post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement on Form F-6 (No. 333-232726) filed with the Commission on July 19, 2019.
2.2   Description of the Registrant’s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
4.3   UK Service Agreement between GlaxoSmithKline Services Unlimited and Emma N. Walmsley dated March
29, 2017 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Commission on March 15, 2019 .
4.4   UK Service Agreement between GlaxoSmithKline LLC and Hal V. Barron dated December
16, 2017 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Commission on March 6, 2020.
4.5   UK Service Agreement between GlaxoSmithKline Services Unlimited and Iain Mackay dated 18
September 2018 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Commission on March 15, 2019.
4.6   Share and Business Sale Agreement relating to the Vaccines Group made on April 22, 2014, as amended and restated on May
29, 2014, as amended on October 9, 2014, and as further amended and restated on March 1, 2015, between Novartis AG and GlaxoSmithKline plc is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Commission on March 18, 2016. Confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the SEC.
4.7   Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement by and among Pfizer Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings Limited dated
 as of December 19, 2018 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Commission on March 15, 2019. Confidential portions of this
exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the SEC.
4.8   Amendment Agreement dated July
31, 2019 to the Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement by and among Pfizer Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings Limited and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings (No. 2) Limited dated as of July
31, 2019 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Commission on March 6, 2020.
4.9   Shareholders’ Agreement among GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings Limited, Pfizer Inc., PF Consumer Healthcare Holdings LLC, GlaxoSmithKline
 plc and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings (No.2) Limited dated as of July 31, 2019 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with
the Commission on March 6, 2020. Certain confidential information contained in this exhibit has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the Registrant if
publicly disclosed.
8.1   A list of the Registrant’s principal subsidiaries is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under “Group Companies” on pages 287 to 298 of the GSK Annual Report 2020 included
 as Exhibit 15.2.
12.1   Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 – Emma Walmsley.
12.2   Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 – Iain Mackay.
13.1   Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code).

91

Table of Contents

15.1   Consent of Deloitte LLP.
15.2*   GSK Annual Report 2020.
101.INS**   XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

*   Certain of the information included within Exhibit 15.2, which is provided pursuant to Rule 12b-23(a)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is incorporated by reference in this Form 20-F, as specified elsewhere in this Form 20-F. With the exception of the items and pages so specified, the GSK Annual Report 2020 is not deemed to be filed as part of this Form 20-F.

**   In accordance with Rule 402 of Regulation S-T, the information in these
exhibits shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other
document filed under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

92

Table of Contents

Signature

The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form
20-F
 and that it has duly
caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this Annual Report on its behalf.

GlaxoSmithKline plc
March 12, 2021   By:   /s/ Iain Mackay
Iain Mackay
Chief Financial Officer

93
