
20-F

1

d769953d20f.htm

20-F

20-F

Table of Contents

As filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on March 6, 2020

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
20-F

☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019

OR

☐   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☐   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission file number
1-15170

GlaxoSmithKline plc

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

England

(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

980 Great West Road, Brentford, Middlesex TW8 9GS England

(Address of principal executive offices)

Victoria Whyte

Company
Secretary

GlaxoSmithKline plc

980 Great West Road

Brentford, TW8 9GS

England

+44 20 8047 5000

company.secretary@gsk.com

(Name, Telephone,
E-mail
 and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class   Trading Symbol(s)   Name of Each Exchange On Which
Registered
American Depositary Shares, each representing 2 Ordinary Shares, Par value 25 pence   GSK   New York Stock Exchange
3.125% Notes due 2021   GSK/21   New York Stock Exchange
Floating Rate Notes due 2021   GSK/21A   New York Stock Exchange
2.850% Notes due 2022   GSK/22   New York Stock Exchange
2.8750% Notes due 2022   GSK/22A   New York Stock Exchange
2.800% Notes due 2023   GSK/23   New York Stock Exchange
3.375% Notes due 2023   GSK/23A   New York Stock Exchange
3.000% Notes due 2024   GSK/24   New York Stock Exchange
3.625% Notes due 2025   GSK/25   New York Stock Exchange
3.875% Notes due 2028   GSK/28   New York Stock Exchange
3.375% Notes due 2029   GSK/29   New York Stock Exchange
6.375% Notes due 2038   GSK/38   New York Stock Exchange
4.200% Notes due 2043   GSK/43   New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

(Title of class)

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act:

None

(Title of class)

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual
report.

Ordinary Shares of Par value 25 pence each   5,383,102,231

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

☒  Yes    ☐  No

If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

☐  Yes    ☒  No

Note – Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 from their obligations under those Sections.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.

☒  Yes    ☐  No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation
S-T
 (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

☒  Yes    ☐  No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a
non-accelerated

filer. See definition of “accelerated filer” and “large accelerated filer” in Rule
12b-2
 of the Exchange Act:

Large accelerated
filer  ☒                Accelerated

filer  ☐                Non-accelerated

filer  ☐                Emerging growth company  ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to
use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐

†   The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark which basis of
accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

U.S. GAAP  ☐   International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board  ☒   Other  ☐

If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement
item the registrant has elected to follow.

Item 17  ☐    Item 18  ☐

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule

12b-2
 of the Exchange Act).

☐  Yes    ☒  No

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Part I   2
Item 1. Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers   2
Item 2. Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable   2
Item 3. Key Information   2
Item 4. Information on the Company   13
Item 4A. Unresolved Staff Comments   14
Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   14
Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees   39
Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions   39
Item 8. Financial Information   40
Item 9. The Offer and Listing   40
Item 10. Additional Information   40
Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   46
Item 12. Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities   46
Part II   47
Item 13. Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies   47
Item 14. Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds   47
Item 15. Controls and Procedures   47
Item 16. [Reserved]
Item 16A. Audit committee financial expert   50
Item 16B. Code of Ethics   51
Item 16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services   51
Item 16D. Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees   51
Item 16E. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers   51
Item 16F. Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant   51
Item 16G. Corporate Governance   51
Item 16H. Mine Safety Disclosure   61
Part III   61
Item 17. Financial Statements   61
Item 18. Financial Statements   61
Item 19. Exhibits   68
Signatures   70

1

Table of Contents

Pursuant to Rule
12b-23(a)
 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the information for GlaxoSmithKline plc’s Form
20-
 F for the year ended December 31, 2019 as set out below is being incorporated by reference from the “GSK
Annual Report 2019” included as exhibit 15.3 to this Form
20-F
 dated and submitted on March 6, 2020 (the “GSK Annual Report 2019”).

All references in this Form
20-F
 to “GlaxoSmithKline,” the “Group,”
“GSK,” “we” or “our” mean GlaxoSmithKline plc and its subsidiaries; the “company” means GlaxoSmithKline plc.

References below to major headings include all information under such major headings, including subheadings, unless such reference is a
reference to a subheading, in which case such reference includes only the information contained under such subheading.

In addition to the
information set out below, the information set forth under the headings “Cautionary statement” and “Assumptions related to 2016-2020 outlook” on the inside back cover, “The Directors’ Report” on page 114,
“Directors’ statement of responsibilities” on pages 152 to 153, “Share capital and control” on pages 288 to 289, “Financial calendar 2020”, “Results announcements”, “Financial reports” and
“Annual General Meeting 2020” on page 291, “Registrar” on page 294, “ADS Depositary”, “Glaxo Wellcome and SmithKline Beecham Corporate PEPs”, “Donating shares to Save the Children”,
“Contacts” and “Share scam alert” on page 295, “Section 13(r) of the US Securities Exchange Act” on page 297 and “Glossary of terms” on page 311 in each case of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated
by reference.

Notice regarding limitations on Director Liability under English Law

Under the UK Companies Act 2006, a safe harbour limits the liability of Directors in respect of statements in and omissions from certain
portions of the GSK Annual Report 2019 incorporated by reference herein, namely “The Directors’ Report” (for which see page 114 thereof), the “Strategic Report” (pages 1 to 74 thereof, portions of which are incorporated by
reference as described below) and the “Remuneration Report” (pages 115 to 150 portions of which are incorporated by reference as described below). These reports have been drawn up and presented in accordance with, and in reliance upon,
English company law. Under English law, the Directors would be liable to the company, but not to any third party, if these sections of the GSK Annual Report 2019 contain errors as a result of recklessness or knowing misstatement or dishonest
concealment of a material fact, but would not otherwise be liable.

Portions of the GSK Annual Report 2019 incorporated by reference
herein contain references to our website. Information on our website or any other website referenced in the GSK Annual Report 2019 is not incorporated into this Form
20-F
 and should not be considered to be
part of this Form
20-F.
 We have included any references to the website as an inactive textual reference only.

PART I

Item 1.   Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers

Not applicable.

Item 2.   Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable

Not applicable.

Item 3.   Key Information

3.A   Selected financial data

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “Five year record” on pages 263 to 265 (excluding the heading and the information under the heading
“Financial results – Adjusted” on page 264 and the columns titled “2017 (revised)”, “2016 (revised)” and “2015 (revised)” in the table “Pharmaceuticals turnover” on page 263); and

•   “Dividends” on page 290

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

3.B   Capitalization and indebtedness

Not applicable.

3.C   Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds

Not applicable.

2

Table of Contents

3.D   Risk Factors

Principal risks and uncertainties

The principal risks discussed below are the risks and uncertainties relevant to our business, financial condition and results of operations
that may affect our performance and ability to achieve our objectives. They are the risks that we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results.

During 2019, we continued to embed changes to our risk management and reporting cycle to help us identify, manage and report our most important
risks across the organisation in a more consistent and proportionate way. We completed Enterprise Risk Plans for all of our most important risks and ensured businesses adopted them and only adapted them with approval. We deployed confirmation across
the organisation, reinforcing leader accountability for risk management, and measured how well the controls set out in the Enterprise Risk Plans had been implemented and gaps closed. We further evolved our risk management process by introducing new
reports to the Board with more focus on data and key risk indicators, leading to better informed discussions on risk exposure and action needed. We introduced a new approach to the annual risk review to support CET decisions on any changes required
to our most important risks.

We are required to comply with a broad range of laws and regulations which apply to research and development,
manufacturing, testing, approval, distribution, sales and marketing of Pharmaceutical, Vaccines and Consumer Healthcare products.

These
affect not only the cost of product development but also the time required to reach the market and the likelihood of doing so successfully on an uninterrupted basis.

As rules and regulations change, government interpretation evolves, and our business activities change, the nature of a particular risk may
change. Changes to certain regulatory regimes may be substantial. Any change in, and any failure to comply with, applicable laws and regulations could materially and adversely affect our financial results.

Similarly, our global business exposes us to litigation and government investigations, including but not limited to product liability
litigation, patent and antitrust litigation and sales and marketing litigation. Litigation and government investigations, including related provisions we may make for unfavourable outcomes and increases in related costs such as insurance premiums,
could materially and adversely affect our financial results.

More detail on the status and various uncertainties in our significant
unresolved disputes and potential litigation is set out in “Note 46 – Legal proceedings” on pages 247 to 251 of the GSK Annual Report 2019.

Patient safety

Risk
definition

Failure to appropriately collect, review, follow up, or report human safety information (HSI), including adverse events
from all potential sources, and to act on any relevant findings in a timely manner.

Risk impact

The risk impact has the potential to compromise our ability to conduct robust safety signal detection and interpretation and to ensure that
appropriate decisions are taken with respect to the risk/ benefit profile of our products, including the completeness and accuracy of product labels and the pursuit of additional studies/ analyses, as appropriate. Additionally, this risk could
potentially negatively impact our ability to incorporate verified safety signals into local (country) labelling. This could lead to potential harm to patients, reputational damage, product liability claims or other litigation, governmental
investigation, regulatory action such as fines, penalties or loss of product authorisation.

Context

Pre-clinical
 and clinical trials are conducted during the development of investigational
Pharmaceutical, Vaccine and Consumer Healthcare products to determine the safety and efficacy of the products for use by humans. Notwithstanding the efforts we make to determine the safety of our products through appropriate
pre-clinical
 and clinical trials, unanticipated side effects may become evident only when products are widely introduced into the marketplace.

3

Table of Contents

Questions about the safety of our products may be raised not only by our ongoing safety
surveillance and post-marketing studies but also by governmental agencies and third parties that may analyse publicly available clinical trial results. Constant vigilance and flexibility are required in order to respond to a varied regulatory
environment which continues to evolve and diverge globally. Externally, developments in data interrogation present potential benefits for patient safety but the volume of data to be analysed presents a significant challenge which intensifies when
coupled with fragmented regulatory requirements and privacy concerns. In the economic arena, mergers and acquisition activities introduce data integrity risks. Technology presents a significant opportunity for patient safety risk management by
creating more reliable data interrogation tools and more accurate data collection mechanisms, even though the pace of Artificial Intelligence development has not been as great as once expected. Cyberattacks are an ever-growing concern given the
volume of data and digital dependency.

The Group is currently a defendant in a number of product liability lawsuits, including class
actions, that involve significant claims for damages related to our products. Litigation, particularly in the US, is inherently unpredictable. Class actions that seek to sweep together all persons who take our products increase the potential
liability. Claims for pain and suffering and punitive damages are frequently asserted in product liability actions and, if allowed, can represent potentially open-ended exposure and thus, could materially and adversely affect the Group’s
financial results.

Product quality

Risk definition

Failure
by GSK, its contractors or suppliers to ensure:

•   Appropriate controls and governance of quality in product development

•   Compliance with good manufacturing practice or good distribution practice regulations in commercial or clinical
trials manufacture and distribution activities

•   Compliance with the terms of GSK product licences and supporting regulatory activities

Risk impact

A failure to
ensure product quality could have far reaching implications in terms of patient and consumer safety, delays in launching products, drug shortages, product recalls, as well as regulatory, legal, and financial consequences, which could materially and
adversely affect GSK’s reputation and financial results.

Context

The external environment for product quality continues to be challenging. The single biggest change since 2018 is the political instability and
uncertainty surrounding the delivery of Brexit and the implications for medicine supply continuity both into and out of mainland Europe. Two new sets of requirements are due to be implemented by EMA shortly and we are preparing for both. In the
first quarter of 2020, there will be new reporting requirements on potential drug shortages and from May 2020 there are new regulations covering the licensing of medical devices.

Technological developments are increasingly used to both enhance manufacture and to support the inclusion of packaging features that help
secure the legitimate supply chain e.g. serialisation. The threat of cyberattacks remains a key risk to the integrity of product quality data and its audit trail.

Significant changes are taking place in GSK as we implement the new organisational alignments and IPTc strategy. These changes are assessed by
the Quality organisations to ensure our quality procedures and governance can facilitate the strategy whilst also ensuring that no unintended consequences increase our product quality risk.

Financial controls and reporting

Risk definition

Failure
to comply with current tax laws or incurring significant losses due to treasury activities; failure to report accurate financial information in compliance with accounting standards and applicable legislation.

Risk impact

Non-compliance
 with existing or new financial reporting and disclosure requirements, or changes to the recognition of income and expenses, could expose us to litigation and regulatory action and could materially and
adversely affect our financial results. In the current period of significant political uncertainty especially in the USA and UK, there can be significant changes at short notice. Failure to comply with any changes in the substance or application of
the governing laws covering transfer pricing, dividends, tax credits, and intellectual property could materially and adversely affect our financial results.

4

Table of Contents

Significant losses may arise from inconsistent application of treasury policies,
transactional or settlement errors, or counterparty defaults.

Context

The Group is required by the laws of various jurisdictions to disclose publicly its financial results and events that could materially affect
the financial results of the Group. Regulators routinely review the financial statements of listed companies for compliance with new, revised or existing accounting and regulatory requirements. The Group believes that it complies with the
appropriate regulatory requirements concerning our financial statements and disclosure of material information including any transactions relating to business restructuring such as acquisitions and divestitures. However, should we be subject to an
investigation into potential
non-compliance
 with accounting and disclosure requirements, this can lead to restatements of previously reported results and significant penalties.

Our Treasury group deals in high value transactions, mostly foreign exchange and cash management transactions, daily. These transactions
involve market volatility and counterparty risk.

The Group’s effective tax rate reflects rates of tax in the jurisdictions in which
the Group operates that are both higher and lower than the UK rate and considers regimes that encourage innovation and investment in science by providing tax incentives which, if changed, could affect the Group’s tax rate. In addition, the
worldwide nature of our operations means that our intellectual property, R&D and manufacturing operations are centered in several key locations. A consequence of this is that our cross-border supply routes, necessary to ensure supplies of
medicines into numerous end markets, can be complex and result in conflicting claims from tax authorities as to the profits to be taxed in individual countries. Tax legislation itself is also complex and differs across the countries in which we
operate. As such, tax risk can also arise due to differences in the interpretation of such legislation. The tax charge included in our financial statements is our best estimate of tax liability pending audits by tax authorities.

We expect there to be continued focus on tax reform driven by initiatives of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation & Development
to address the taxation of the digital economy and European Commission initiatives including the use of fiscal state aid investigations. Together with domestic initiatives around the world, these may result in significant changes to established tax
principles and an increase in tax authority disputes. These, regardless of their merit or outcomes, can be costly, divert management attention and may adversely impact our reputation and relationship with key stakeholders.

Anti-bribery and corruption (ABAC)

Risk definition

The ABAC
risk comprises five
sub-risk
 areas:

•   Bribery of public officials by GSK

•   Bribery of commercial and other non-public entities by GSK

•   Bribery by third parties acting on behalf of GSK

•   GSK employees receiving and/or requesting bribes and/or other undue personal benefit

•   Other corruption-non-compliance with laws and regulations related to money laundering or facilitation of tax evasion by third parties/clients/partners.

Risk impact

Failure to
mitigate this risk could expose the Group and associated persons to governmental investigation, regulatory action, and civil and criminal liability and may compromise the Group’s ability to supply its products under certain government
contracts. In addition to legal and financial penalties, a failure to prevent bribery through complying with ABAC legislation and regulations could have substantial implications for the reputation of the company, the credibility of senior leaders,
and an erosion of investor confidence in our governance and risk management.

Context

The macro risk level remains unchanged as we continue to see legal frameworks similar to the UK and US develop in emerging economies; high
standards are expected of individuals and corporations aided by improved technology and increased enforcement.

The overall environment for
ABAC in 2019 remained challenging. Divergence of legislation is making compliance harder and countries are increasingly holding individuals accountable as well as corporations, increasing the employer duty of care. Society is holding corporations to
ever higher standards with technology providing a speedy and anonymous avenue for dissemination of previously privileged information or even damaging false reports. Enforcement actions and penalties have increased across the globe with focus on use
of third-party intermediaries. Supportive aspects of new policies include Latin America moving towards compliance regimes like those established by the US and UK. In India there was an amendment of the Corruption Act (2018) which explicitly
makes an offence to pay a bribe. China has introduced significant anti-bribery and anti-corruption/legislative and regulatory reforms.

5

Table of Contents

The GSK exposure remains unchanged.

Commercial practices

Risk definition

Failure
to engage in commercial activities that are consistent with the letter and spirit of the law, industry, or the Group’s requirements relating to marketing and communications about our medicines and associated therapeutic areas; appropriate
interactions with healthcare professionals (HCPs) and patients; and legitimate and transparent transfer of value.

Risk impact

Failure to manage risks related to commercial practices could materially and adversely affect our ability to deliver our strategy and long-term
priorities. Failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations may result in governmental investigation, regulatory action and legal proceedings brought against the Group by governmental and private plaintiffs which could result in
government sanctions, and criminal and/or financial penalties. Failure to provide accurate and complete information related to our products may result in incomplete awareness of the risk/benefit profile of our products and possibly suboptimal
treatment of patients and consumers. Any practices that are found to be misaligned with our values could also result in reputational harm and dilute trust established with external stakeholders.

Context

We continue to
evolve our business operations (including acquisitions and joint ventures) to operate on a global basis in an industry that is both highly competitive and highly regulated. Our competitors may make significant product innovations and technical
advances and may intensify price competition. In light of this competitive environment, continued development of commercially viable new products and the development of additional uses for existing products that reflect insights which help ensure
those products address the needs of patients/consumers, HCPs, and payers are critical to achieve our strategic objectives.

As other
pharmaceutical, vaccine and consumer companies, we face downward price pressure in major markets, declining emerging market growth, rapidly evolving digital landscape, and negative foreign exchange impact.

Developing new Pharmaceutical, Vaccine and Consumer Healthcare products is a costly, lengthy and an uncertain process. A product candidate may
fail at any stage, including after significant economic and human resources have been invested. Our competitors’ products or pricing strategies, or any failure on our part to develop commercially successful products, or to develop additional
uses for existing products, could materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve our strategic objectives.

We are committed to the
ethical and responsible commercialisation of our products to support our purpose to improve the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better, and live longer. To accomplish this purpose, we engage the healthcare community in
various ways to provide important information about our medicines.

Promotion of approved products seeks to ensure that HCPs globally have
access to information they need, that patients and consumers have access to the information and products they need and that products are prescribed, recommended or used in a manner that provides the maximum healthcare benefit to patients and
consumers. We are committed to communicating information related to our approved products in a responsible, legal and ethical manner.

Privacy

Risk
definition

The failure to collect, secure, use and destroy personal information (PI) in accordance with data privacy laws can lead to
harm to individuals and GSK, including fines and operational, financial and reputational risk.

Risk impact

Non-compliance
 can lead to harm to individuals and GSK. It can also damage trust between GSK and
individuals, communities, business partners and government authorities.

The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), with other privacy
legislation following suit, increased the enforcement powers of supervisory authorities, including the ability to impose fines and to suspend processing of PI. GDPR and other privacy laws also give individuals the right to bring collective legal
actions against GSK for failure to comply with data privacy laws.

6

Table of Contents

Context

Data privacy legislation is diverse with limited harmonisation or simplification, despite Europe’s adoption of GDPR. It is challenging for
multi-nationals to standardise their approach to compliance with data privacy laws due to the high-level of local variation. Governments are enforcing compliance with data privacy laws more rigorously. The focus on the ethical use of PI is growing,
over and above compliance with data privacy laws, due to an increase in data volume processed and advancements in technology. Individuals are more aware of their rights under data privacy laws.

Research practices

Risk definition

Research
practices risk is the failure to adequately conduct ethical and sound
pre-clinical
 and clinical research. In addition, it is the failure to engage in scientific activities that are consistent with the letter
and spirit of the law and industry, or the Group’s requirements. It comprises the following
sub-risks:

Non-clinical &
 laboratory research; Human subject
research; Data integrity; Care, welfare and treatment of animals; Human biological samples management; Data disclosure; Regulatory filings and engagement; Scientific engagement; and Intellectual property.

Risk impact

The impacts
of the risk include harm to human subjects, reputational damage, failure to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for our products, governmental investigation, legal proceedings brought against the Group by governmental and private plaintiffs
(product liability suits and claims for damages), loss of revenue due to inadequate patent protection or inability to supply GSK products, and regulatory action such as fines, penalties, or loss of product authorisation. Any of these consequences
could materially and adversely affect our financial results and cause loss of trust from our customers and patients.

Context

Research relating to animals can raise ethical concerns however, in many cases, research in animals is the only method that can be used to
investigate the effects of a potential new medicine in a living body other than in humans. Animal research provides critical information about the causes and mechanisms of diseases and therefore remains a vital part of our research. We continually
seek ways in which we can minimise our use of animals in research whilst complying with regulatory requirements and reduce the impact on the animals used.

Clinical trials in healthy volunteers and patients are used to assess and demonstrate an investigational product’s efficacy and safety, or
further evaluate the product once it has been approved for marketing. We also work with human biological samples. These samples are fundamental to the discovery, development and safety monitoring of our products. GSK is committed to ensuring that
human biological samples are managed in accordance with relevant laws, regulations and ethical principles, in a manner that respects the interests of the sample donors.

The integrity of our data is essential to success in all stages of the research data lifecycle: design, generation, recording and management,
analysis, reporting, storage and retrieval. Our research data is governed by legislation and regulatory requirements. Research data and supporting documents are core components at various stages of pipeline progression decision-making and form the
content of regulatory submissions, publications and patent filings. Poor data integrity can compromise our research efforts and negatively impact company reputation.

There are innate complexities and interdependencies required for regulatory filings, particularly given our global research and development
footprint. Continually changing and increasingly stringent submission requirements continue to increase the complexity of worldwide product registration. The continued supply of GSK medicines to patients is dependent on the ongoing compliance and
maintenance of these licenses across many geographies whose requirements and timelines differ. The secure management of the high volume of lifecycle changes to these licenses and their renewal is critical to enable compliant supply. Failure to
maintain licenses will directly impact patients and company revenue.

Scientific engagement, defined as the interaction and exchange of
information between GSK and external communities to advance scientific and medical understanding, including the appropriate development and use of our products, is an essential part of scientific discourse. Such

non-promotional
 engagement with external stakeholder groups is vital to GSK’s purpose and necessary for scientific and medical advance. Scientific engagement activities are essential but present legal,
regulatory, and reputational risk if the sharing of data, invited media coverage or payments to HCPs have, or are perceived to have, promotional intent.

7

Table of Contents

A wide variety of biological materials are used by GSK in discovery, research and
development phases. Through the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) and the Nagoya Protocol, the international community has established a global framework regulating access to, and use of, genetic resources of

non-human
 origin in R&D.

We support the principles of access and benefit sharing to genetic
resources as outlined in the CBD and the Nagoya Protocol, recognising the importance of appropriate, effective and proportionate implementation measures at national and regional levels.

Patent rights are awarded to protect innovation and play an important role in providing GSK with a competitive advantage in the market for a
limited period of time. Any loss of patent protection in a market for GSK’s products developed through our R&D, including reducing the term, availability or scope of patent rights, could materially and adversely affect our financial results
in that market. Absence of adequate patent or data exclusivity protection, which could lead to, for example, competition from manufacturers of generic or biosimilar pharmaceutical products, could limit the opportunity to rely on such markets for
future sales growth for our products, which could also materially and adversely impact our financial results.

Following expiration of
certain intellectual property rights, a generic or biosimilar manufacturer may lawfully produce a generic version of a product. Introduction of generic products typically leads to a rapid and dramatic loss of sales and reduces our revenues and
margins for our proprietary products.

Third party oversight (TPO)

Risk definition

There is
a risk that our third parties fail to meet their contractual, regulatory or ethical obligations resulting in significant operational, reputational, legal and financial risk for GSK (and in some cases our employees directly).

Put simply, there is a risk that third parties fail to deliver the goods and services we expect or fail to deliver them in a legal and
compliant way.

Risk impact

Failure to adequately manage third party relationships could result in business disruption and exposure to risks ranging from
sub-optimal
 contractual terms and conditions, to severe business and legal sanctions and/or significant reputational damage. Any of these consequences could materially and adversely affect our business operations
and financial results.

Context

Third parties are critical to our business delivery and are an integral part of the solution to meeting our business objectives. We rely on
third parties, including suppliers, advisors, distributors, individual contractors, licensees, and other pharmaceutical and biotechnology collaboration partners for discovery, manufacture, and marketing of our products and for supporting other
important business processes.

These business relationships present a material risk. For example, we share critical and sensitive
information such as marketing plans, clinical data, and employee data with specific third parties who are conducting the relevant outsourced business activities. Inadequate protection or misuse of this information by third parties could have
significant business impact. Similarly, we use distributors and agents in a range of activities such as promotion and tendering which have inherent risks such as inappropriate promotion or corruption. Insufficient internal compliance and controls by
the distributors could affect our reputation. These risks are further increased by the complexities of working with large numbers of third parties across a diverse geographical spread.

Environment, health and safety & sustainability (EHS&S)

Risk definition

Failure
in management of:

•   execution of hazardous activities;

•   GSK’s physical assets and infrastructure;

•   handling and processing of hazardous chemicals and biological agents;

•   control of releases of substances harmful to the environment in both the short and long term; leading to
incidents which could disrupt our R&D and Supply activities, harm employees, harm the communities we operate in and harm the environment and its longer-term sustainability.

8

Table of Contents

Risk impact

Failure to manage EHS&S risks could lead to significant harm to people, the environment and communities in which we operate, fines, failure
to meet stakeholder expectations and regulatory requirements, litigation or regulatory action, and damage to the Group’s reputation, which could materially and adversely affect our financial results.

Context

GSK is subject
to health, safety and environmental laws of various jurisdictions. These laws impose duties to protect people, the environment, and the communities in which we operate, as well as potential obligations to remediate contaminated sites. Overall, our
control framework for managing EHS&S risk is effective and our frequency of serious events is similar to peers and lower than for high hazard industries e.g. petrochemicals.

Information security

Risk definition

The risk
that unauthorised disclosure, theft, unavailability or corruption of GSK’s information or key information systems may lead to harm to our patients, workforce and customers, disruption to our business and/or loss of commercial or strategic
advantage, damage to our reputation or regulatory sanction.

Risk impact

Failure to adequately protect critical and sensitive systems and information may result in loss of commercial or strategic advantage and could
materially affect our ongoing business operations, such as scientific research, clinical trials and manufacturing and supply chain activities.

Further, inadequately applying controls that would be expected of GSK may result in regulatory fines or present a reputational risk to the
organisation.

Context

We rely on critical and sensitive systems and data, such as corporate strategic plans, intellectual property, manufacturing systems and trade
secrets. There is the potential that our computer systems or information may be exposed to misuse or unauthorised disclosure.

GSK operates
a highly ‘connected’ information network that exposes our confidential research and development, manufacturing, commercial, workforce and financial data to the risk of external attacks. GSK’s Digital and Data Analytics Strategy also
substantially increases the businesses dependency on digital assets and distributed data, while increasing the number of assets potentially impacted by a cyberattack. As threats evolve, we cannot provide broad assurances that the significant efforts
we deliver in the protection and monitoring of our systems and information will always be successful in preventing compromise or disruption. Cybersecurity losses increasingly involve highly-resourced and organised threat actors such as nation-states
and online criminal collectives targeting GSK’s large and complex information technology (IT) and operational technology (OT) footprint, as well as the systems of our supply chain partners (including outsourced operations).

This means that our systems and information have been and will continue to be the target of cyberattacks. Additionally, extensive use of third
parties to store and process our data increases GSK’s reliance on suppliers to operate effectively. This dependence increases the complexity around security controls and practices. It also reduces GSK’s ability to monitor controls and
effectively investigate and respond to incidents involving GSK information or systems. While GSK stands at the ready to address cybersecurity incidents and risks as they occur, in the past year GSK has not experienced a material cybersecurity
incident that would have resulted in substantial harm to GSK (e.g., injury to reputation, financial performance, and customer and vendor relationships).

Supply continuity

Risk definition

Failure
to deliver a continuous supply of compliant finished product; inability to respond effectively to a crisis incident in a timely manner to recover and sustain critical operations.

9

Table of Contents

Risk impact

We recognise that failure to supply our products can adversely impact consumers and patients who rely on them. A material interruption of
supply or exclusion from healthcare programmes could expose us to litigation or regulatory action and financial penalties that could adversely affect the Group’s financial results. The Group’s international operations, and those of its
partners, expose our workforce, facilities, operations and information technology to potential disruption from natural events (e.g. storm, earthquake),
man-made
 events (e.g. trading barriers imposed at short
notice, civil/political unrest, terrorism), and global emergencies (e.g. coronavirus outbreak, Ebola outbreak, flu pandemic). It is important that we have robust crisis management and recovery plans in place to manage such events.

Context

Our supply chain
operations are subject to review and approval by various regulatory agencies that effectively provide our license to operate. Failure by our manufacturing and distribution facilities or by suppliers of key services and materials could lead to
litigation or regulatory action such as product recalls and seizures, interruption of supply, delays in the approval of new products, and suspension of manufacturing operations pending resolution of manufacturing or logistics issues.

We rely on materials and services provided by third party suppliers to make our products, including active pharmaceutical ingredients,
antigens, intermediates, commodities, and components for the development, manufacture and packaging of Pharmaceutical, Vaccine and Consumer Healthcare products. Some of the third-party services procured, such as services provided by contract
manufacturing and clinical research organisations to support development of key products, are important to ensure continuous operation of our business.

Although we undertake risk mitigation, we recognise that certain events could nevertheless still result in delays or service interruptions. We
use effective crisis management and business continuity planning to provide for the health and safety of our people and to minimise impact to us, by maintaining functional operations following a natural or

man-made
 disaster, or a public health emergency.

Risks associated with the coronavirus
outbreak

The potential impact of the coronavirus outbreak on GSK’s trading performance and supply continuity remains uncertain.

Up to the date of this annual report on Form 20-F, the outbreak has not had a material impact on the trading results of the Group.
However, we continue to monitor the situation closely, including the potential impacts on trading results, our supply continuity and our employees.

The situation could change at any time and there can be no assurance that the coronavirus outbreak will not have a material adverse impact on
the future results of the Group.

Risks associated with the Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture with Pfizer

The legal completion of the transfer of certain assets or entities to the GSK consumer healthcare business in certain jurisdictions is
subject to the satisfaction of regulatory approvals or other requirements agreed between the parties (including the passage of time to allow for additional integration preparation), which if not satisfied may result in the further delay of legal
completion of such transfers in these jurisdictions

The acquisition of Pfizer’s consumer healthcare business to form the
Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture (the “Transaction”) was completed on July 31, 2019. In a number of jurisdictions (the “Delayed Jurisdictions”), the transfer of certain assets or entities to the GSK consumer healthcare business
is subject to the satisfaction of regulatory approvals (including antitrust clearances or satisfaction of related commitments) or other requirements agreed between the parties (including the passage of time to allow for additional integration
preparation). In the event that such requirements are not satisfied in any of the Delayed Jurisdictions, the legal completion of the transfer of certain assets or entities in such jurisdictions may be further delayed, which could reduce the
anticipated benefits of the Transaction (or result in additional difficulty in the integration of the business in such jurisdiction), including the realization of anticipated synergies, and could have an adverse impact on the results and operations
of the GSK Group following the acquisition of the Pfizer consumer healthcare business (the “Enlarged Group”).

10

Table of Contents

The Enlarged Group may experience difficulties in integrating the Pfizer consumer
healthcare business with the GSK consumer healthcare business

The future prospects of the Enlarged Group will, in part, be
dependent upon the Enlarged Group’s ability to integrate the Pfizer consumer healthcare business with the existing GSK consumer healthcare business, and the ability of the Enlarged Group to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from
combining the respective businesses.

The key potential difficulties in integrating the businesses include the following:

•   the complexity of transferring employees and assets (including intellectual property, third party contracts, real
estate and marketing authorizations and other licenses/permits) and consolidating operations, infrastructure, procedures, systems, facilities, services and policies across many different countries, jurisdictions, regulatory systems and business
cultures;

•   maintaining employee engagement and retaining and incentivizing key employees;

•   the diversion of management time and resources away from the day-to-day operations of the Enlarged Group;

•   limiting disruption to the ongoing businesses of the Enlarged Group, including minimizing the risk of supply
chain interruptions and ensuring that necessary transitional arrangements between Pfizer and the Enlarged Group function successfully;

•   replacing and/or integrating IT systems used by the Pfizer consumer healthcare business with those used by the
GSK consumer healthcare business and transferring relevant data from Pfizer IT systems to GSK IT systems;

•   technical transfer of manufacturing and other processes and services, upon expiry of transitional manufacturing
and services arrangements and/or in-sourcing of third party supply contracts;

•   the delay of legal completion of the Transaction in the Delayed Jurisdictions; and

•   maintaining business continuity throughout integration.

Difficulties experienced in the integration process could potentially lead to the interruption of operations of the businesses, or a loss of
customers, suppliers or key personnel, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial condition of the Enlarged Group.

Transaction-related costs may exceed GSK’s expectations

GSK has incurred and expects to incur additional costs in relation to the Transaction, including integration and post-completion costs in order
to implement the Transaction successfully and deliver anticipated costs savings. The actual costs may exceed those estimated and there may be additional and unforeseen expenses incurred in connection with the Transaction. In addition, GSK has
incurred and will incur legal, accounting and transaction fees and other costs relating to the Transaction. Such costs could materially and adversely affect the realization of synergies and the results of operations of the Group or the Enlarged
Group.

The Enlarged Group may fail to realize, or it may take longer than expected to realize, the anticipated benefits of the
consumer healthcare joint venture

The expected benefits of the consumer healthcare joint venture with Pfizer, including any
identified synergies, may not be achieved, or may take longer than expected to realize, and other assumptions upon which the terms of the transaction with Pfizer to form the consumer healthcare joint venture have been determined may prove to be
incorrect. To the extent that GSK incurs higher integration costs, achieves lower margin benefits or fewer cost savings than expected, the results of operations and financial condition of the Enlarged Group may suffer, which may materially and
adversely affect GSK’s share price.

The Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement with Pfizer contains certain representations,
warranties and indemnities, which could require GSK or GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings (No. 2) Limited (“GSK Consumer Healthcare”) to make payments to Pfizer

The Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement with Pfizer in relation to the Transaction contains certain representations, warranties and indemnities
given by GSK and GSK Consumer Healthcare in favor of Pfizer. Any payment required under those representations, warranties and indemnities may have a material and adverse effect on the cash flow and financial condition of the Enlarged Group.

11

Table of Contents

The consumer healthcare joint venture with Pfizer and the Enlarged Group may not have
full recourse to Pfizer under the Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement

Under the terms of the Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement,
Pfizer provides GSK Consumer Healthcare and GSK with certain representations, warranties and indemnities. However, these representations, warranties and indemnities may not cover all potential liabilities associated with the Pfizer consumer
healthcare business, and they are in certain circumstances limited in their scope, duration and/or the amount which may be claimed under them. Accordingly, GSK Consumer Healthcare and GSK may not have recourse against Pfizer, or may not recover in
full from Pfizer, for losses which it may suffer in respect of a breach of those warranties, or in respect of the subject matter of any of the indemnities, or otherwise in respect of the consumer healthcare joint venture. This could materially and
adversely affect the operations and financial results of the consumer healthcare joint venture and the Enlarged Group.

The
successful completion of a separation of the consumer healthcare joint venture initiated by GSK may be dependent on a number of factors that are outside GSK’s control, including favorable conditions in public equity markets and public or
private debt markets and changes in applicable law and regulation

GSK’s ability to exit the consumer healthcare joint venture
through a listing and admission to trading of shares of GSK Consumer Healthcare on the London Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange (the “Separation”) initiated by GSK may be dependent on a number of
factors such as (i) the condition of public or private debt markets being such that the consumer healthcare joint venture is able to raise, on terms acceptable to the Group, sufficient levels of debt finance to undertake a pre-separation
recapitalization and distribution of the proceeds to GSK and Pfizer and (ii) the condition of public equity markets being such as to enable a successful sale or demerger of shares in the consumer healthcare joint venture. Conditions in public equity
markets and public or private debt markets are not within GSK’s control and disruption in those markets may impede GSK’s ability to exit the consumer healthcare joint venture at the desired time or in the desired way.

In addition, GSK’s ability to implement a successful Separation initiated by GSK, including by way of a demerger of its equity stake and a
listing of the consumer healthcare joint venture on the London Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange, may be impeded or prevented by any change of law, regulation or the rules of any authority to which GSK is subject
(including, for example, any rules or guidance issued by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority or H. M. Revenue & Customs) or any change to the way in which applicable law and regulation is interpreted and applied by the relevant authorities.
Such changes are outside the control of GSK and there can be no guarantee that GSK’s preferred strategy in relation to the Separation will be capable of being implemented.

If GSK is not able to execute a successful Separation, including by undertaking a pre-separation recapitalization of the consumer healthcare
joint venture and completing a demerger of its equity stake, at a time and on terms acceptable to it, the Group may not be able to implement its preferred strategy, including in relation to its pharmaceuticals and vaccines business, the reduction of
leverage associated with those businesses, and the support for those businesses’ ongoing investment requirements (especially the Group’s R&D pipeline). This may have a material and adverse effect on the business, financial condition,
results and operations of the Enlarged Group.

The expected benefits of a successful completion of a Separation initiated by GSK of
the consumer healthcare joint venture from the Group may not be realized and such a Separation may be detrimental to the consumer healthcare joint venture and/or the Group

Following a successful Separation, there can be no guarantee that the expected benefits of such a Separation will be realized. In particular,
if such a Separation does proceed, both the consumer healthcare joint venture and the Group (excluding the consumer healthcare business) will form smaller, less diversified groups. As a result, each separate group may be more exposed to cyclical,
sector-specific or other risks than the Group and, following completion of the Transaction, the Enlarged Group are currently. In addition, consistent with their smaller sizes, each separate group may not be able to obtain future debt or equity
financing or put in place other contractual arrangements on terms as favorable as the Group and, following completion of the Transaction, the Enlarged Group are currently able to achieve. Were any of these risks to be realized following a
Separation, this may have a material and adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results and operations of the consumer healthcare joint venture and/or the Group (excluding the consumer healthcare business).

The completion of a Separation initiated by Pfizer, causing the consumer healthcare joint venture to become a listed, publicly traded
company, would reduce GSK’s control over the consumer healthcare joint venture

Under the terms of the Shareholders’
Agreement between GSK and Pfizer in relation to the consumer healthcare joint venture, in the event that GSK has not exercised its exit rights in respect of the consumer healthcare joint venture within five years following completion of the
Transaction, Pfizer will be entitled to initiate a Separation from that point in time. While GSK would not be required to sell or demerge any of its shares in the consumer healthcare joint venture as part of such a Separation initiated by Pfizer and
could therefore retain its proportionate equity stake, GSK’s rights to appoint directors to the board of directors of the joint venture and other control rights would be reduced to a customary level for a company listed on the same exchange as
the primary listing of the consumer healthcare joint venture, such that GSK would lose overall control of the board of directors of the consumer healthcare joint venture and its control rights under the Shareholders’ Agreement would cease to
apply. In that event, GSK may not be able to direct the business and operations of the consumer healthcare joint venture in accordance with the strategy and objectives of the Enlarged Group, which could have a material and adverse effect on the
business, financial condition and results of the Enlarged Group.

12

Table of Contents

Item 4 .   Information on the Company

4.A   History and development of the company

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “About GSK” on the inside back cover;

•   “Preparing for the future” on page 2;

•   “Head Office and Registered Office” on the outside back cover; and

•   “Note 40 – Acquisitions and disposals” on pages 222 to 225

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. GSK’s Internet address is gsk.com.

4.B   Business overview

•   See Item 3.D “Risk factors” above.

In addition, the information set forth under the headings:

•   “Our business model” on pages 1 and 2;

•   “Chairman’s statement” on page 3;

•   “CEO’s statement” on pages 4 and 5;

•   “Our long-term priorities” on page 9 (excluding the pro-forma figure in the first bullet point under the sub-heading “2019 progress” under “Performance”);

•   “Our culture” on page 10;

•   “Industry trends” on pages 12 to 14;

•   “Stakeholder engagement” on pages 15 and 16;

•   “Pharmaceuticals” on pages 17 to 22;

•   “Vaccines” on pages 23 to 26;

•   “Consumer Healthcare” on pages 27 to 29 (excluding the second sentence in the first paragraph under the sub-heading “Performance” on page 28);

•   “Trust” on pages 30 to 42 (excluding the heading and the paragraph under the heading “Our approach
to reporting” on page 31);

•   “Note 6 – Turnover and segment information” on pages 180 to 183 (excluding the column titled
“2017 (revised)” in the table “Pharmaceuticals turnover by therapeutic area” on page 180);

•   “Note 40 – Acquisitions and disposals” on pages 222 to 225;

•   “Pharmaceutical products, competition and intellectual property” on pages 272 to 273;

•   “Vaccines products, competition and intellectual property” on page 273; and

•   “Consumer Healthcare products and competition” on page 274

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

4.C   Organizational structure

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “Note 45 – Principal Group companies” on page 246; and

•   “Group companies” on pages 299 to 310

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

4.D   Property, plant and equipment

The information set forth under the heading “Property, plant and equipment” under “Financial position and resources” in
Item 5.A of this annual report on Form 20-F is incorporated herein by reference.

13

Table of Contents

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Note 6 – Turnover and segment information” on pages 180 to 183 (excluding the column titled
“2017 (revised)” in the table “Pharmaceuticals turnover by therapeutic area” on page 180); and

•   “Note 17 – Property, plant and equipment” on pages 193 to 194

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 4A.   Unresolved Staff Comments

Not applicable.

Item 5.   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

5.A   Operating results

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Regulatory environment” on page 14;

•   “Our preparations for Brexit” within “Risk management” on page 48; and

•   “Climate-related financial disclosure” within “Risk management” on page 46

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

The following tables reconcile Total results to Adjusted results. References in the GSK Annual Report 2019 to the reconciliations on page 62 and pages 266-268
of that report should be read to refer to the information in these tables.

Adjusted results reconciliation – 31 December 2019
Divestments,
Intangible   Intangible   significant
Total   asset   asset   Major   Transaction   legal and   Adjusted
results   amortisation   impairment   restructuring   -related   other items   results
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Gross profit   21,891   713   30   658   383   23,675
Operating profit   6,961   777   83   1,105   345   (299   )   8,972
Profit before taxation   6,221   777   83   1,110   345   (300   )   8,236
Profit after taxation   5,268   621   66   902   221   (160   )   6,918
Earnings per share   93.9   p   12.6   p   1.3   p   18.2   p   1.2   p   (3.3   )p   123.9   p
Weighted average number of shares (millions)   4,947   4,947
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted gross
profit
Cost of sales   (11,863   )   713   30   658   383   (10,079   )
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted operating
profit
Selling, general and administration   (11,402   )   4   332   104   247   (10,715   )
Research and development   (4,568   )   64   49   114   2   (4,339   )
Other operating income   689   1   (142   )   (548   )   —
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit before
tax
Net finance costs   (814   )   5   (1   )   (810   )
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit after
tax
Taxation   (953   )   (156   )   (17   )   (208   )   (124   )   140   (1,318   )

14

Table of Contents

Adjusted results reconciliation – 31 December 2018
Divestments,
Intangible   Intangible   significant
Total   asset   asset   Major   Transaction   legal and   Adjusted
results   amortisation   impairment   restructuring   -related   other items   results
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Gross profit   20,580   536   69   443   15   21,643
Operating profit   5,483   580   116   809   1,977   (220   )   8,745
Profit before taxation   4,800   580   116   813   1,974   (205   )   8,078
Profit after taxation   4,046   471   97   643   1,735   (449   )   6,543
Earnings per share   73.7   p   9.6   p   2.0   p   13.1   p   30.2   p   (9.2   )p   119.4   p
Weighted average number of shares (millions)   4,914   4,914
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted gross
profit
Cost of sales   (10,241   )   536   69   443   15   (9,178   )
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted operating
profit
Selling, general and administration   (9,915   )   2   315   98   38   (9,462   )
Research and development   (3,893   )   44   45   49   20   (3,735   )
Other operating income   (1,588   )   2   1,864   (278   )   —
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit before
tax
Net finance costs   (717   )   4   (3   )   18   (698   )
Profit on disposal of associates   3   (3   )   —
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit after
tax
Taxation   (754   )   (109   )   (19   )   (170   )   (239   )   (244   )   (1,535   )

Adjusted results reconciliation – 31 December 2017
Divestments,
Intangible   Intangible   significant
Total   asset   asset   Major   Transaction   legal and   US tax   Adjusted
results   amortisation   impairment   restructuring   -related   other items   reform   results
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Gross profit   19,844   546   400   545   80   21,415
Operating profit   4,087   591   688   1,056   1,599   (119   )   666   8,568
Profit before taxation   3,525   591   688   1,060   1,599   (205   )   666   7,924
Profit after taxation   2,169   457   512   851   980   (456   )   1,744   6,257
Earnings per share   31.4   p   9.4   p   10.5   p   17.4   p   19.2   p   (9.4   )p   33.3   p   111.8   p
Weighted average number of shares (millions)   4,886   4,886
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted gross
profit
Cost of sales   (10,342   )   546   400   545   80   (8,771   )
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted operating
profit
Selling, general and administration   (9,672   )   248   83   (9,341   )
Research and development   (4,476   )   45   288   263   18   (3,862   )
Other operating income   (1,965   )   1,519   (220   )   666   —
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit before
tax
Net finance costs   (669   )   4   8   (657   )
Profit on disposal of associates   94   (94   )   —
The following adjustments are made in arriving at Adjusted profit after
tax
Taxation   (1,356   )   (134   )   (176   )   (209   )   (619   )   (251   )   1,078   (1,667   )

15

Table of Contents

Group financial review

Reporting framework

Total and Adjusted results

The Group financial review discusses the operating and financial performance of the Group, its cash flows and financial position and our resources.
The results for each year are compared primarily with the results of the preceding year.

Total results

Total reported results represent the Group’s overall performance.

GSK also uses a number of adjusted,
non-IFRS,
 measures to report the performance of its business. Adjusted results and
other
non-IFRS
 measures may be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted results and other

non-IFRS
 measures are defined below.

GSK believes that Adjusted results, when considered together with Total
results, provide investors, analysts and other stakeholders with helpful complementary information to understand better the financial performance and position of the Group from period to period, and allow the Group’s performance to be more
easily compared against the majority of its peer companies. These measures are also used by management for planning and reporting purposes. They may not be directly comparable with similarly described measures used by other companies.

GSK encourages investors and analysts not to rely on any single financial measure but to review GSK’s Annual Reports, including the financial statements
and notes, in their entirety.

GSK is committed to continuously improving its financial reporting, in line with evolving regulatory requirements and best
practice.

Adjusted results

Adjusted results exclude the
following items from Total results, together with the tax effects of all of these items:

•   amortisation of intangible assets (excluding computer software)

•   impairment of intangible assets (excluding computer software) and goodwill

•   Major restructuring costs, which include impairments of tangible assets and computer software, (under specific
Board-approved programmes that are structural, of a significant scale and where the costs of individual or related projects exceed £25 million) including integration costs following material acquisitions

•   transaction-related accounting or other adjustments related to significant acquisitions

•   proceeds and costs of disposals of associates, products and businesses; significant legal charges (net of
insurance recoveries) and expenses on the settlement of litigation and government investigations; other operating income other than royalty income, and other items.

Costs for all other ordinary course smaller scale restructuring and legal charges and expenses are retained within both Total and Adjusted results.

As Adjusted results include the benefits of Major restructuring programmes but exclude significant costs (such as significant legal, major restructuring and
transaction items), they should not be regarded as a complete picture of the Group’s financial performance, which is presented in its Total results. The exclusion of other Adjusting items may result in Adjusted earnings being materially higher
or lower than Total earnings. In particular, when significant impairments, restructuring charges and legal costs are excluded, Adjusted earnings will be higher than Total earnings.

GSK is undertaking a number of Major restructuring programmes in response to significant changes in the Group’s trading environment or overall strategy,
or following material acquisitions. Costs, both cash and
non-cash,
 of these programmes are provided for as individual elements are approved and meet the accounting recognition criteria. As a result, charges
may be incurred over a number of years following the initiation of a Major restructuring programme.

16

Table of Contents

The Group has also initiated a
two-year
 Separation Preparation
programme to prepare GSK for separation into two new leading companies in biopharma and consumer healthcare.

From time to time, the Group divests
non-core
 investments, products and businesses and records the profit or loss on disposal as an Adjusting item. The most notable divestment in the past five years was the disposal of the Oncology business as one
element of the three-part transaction with Novartis in 2015.

Significant legal charges and expenses are those arising from the settlement of litigation or
government investigations that are not in the normal course and are materially larger than more regularly occurring individual matters. They also include certain major legacy matters.

Reconciliations between Total and Adjusted results, providing further information on the key Adjusting items for 2018 and 2019 are set out above.

GSK provides earnings guidance to the investor community on the basis of Adjusted results. This is in line with peer companies and expectations of the investor
community, supporting easier comparison of the Group’s performance with its peers. GSK is not able to give guidance for Total results as it cannot reliably forecast certain material elements of the Total results, particularly the future fair
value movements on contingent consideration and put options that can and have given rise to significant adjustments driven by external factors such as currency and other movements in capital markets.

Historical record of Adjusting items

The reconciliations
between Total and Adjusted operating profit can be summarised as follows:

2019 £m   2018 £m   2017 £m
Total operating profit   6,961   5,483   4,087
Intangible asset amortisation   777   580   591
Intangible asset impairment   83   116   688
Major restructuring   1,105   809   1,056
Transaction-related items   345   1,977   1,599
Divestments, significant legal and other items   (299   )   (220   )   (119   )
US tax reform   —   —   666
Adjusted operating profit   8,972   8,745   8,568

The analysis of the impact of transaction-related items on operating profit is as follows:

2019 £m   2018 £m   2017 £m
Novartis Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture put option   —   658   986
Contingent consideration on former Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare JV (including Shionogi preferential
dividends)   31   1,188   556
ViiV Healthcare put options and Pfizer preferential dividends   (234   )   (58   )   (126   )
Contingent consideration on former Novartis Vaccines business   76   58   101
Release of fair value uplift on acquired Pfizer inventory   366   —   —
Other adjustments   106   131   82
Transaction-related items   345   1,977   1,599

Non-controlling
 interests in ViiV Healthcare

Trading profit allocations

Because ViiV Healthcare is a
subsidiary of the Group, 100% of its operating results (turnover, operating profit, profit after tax) are included within the Group income statement and then a portion of the earnings is allocated to the

non-controlling
 interests owned by the other shareholders, in line with their respective equity shareholdings (Pfizer 11.7% and Shionogi 10%). Each of the shareholders, including GSK, is also entitled to
preferential dividends determined by the performance of certain products that each shareholder contributed. As the relative performance of these products changes over time, the proportion of the overall earnings of ViiV Healthcare allocated to each
shareholder will change. In particular, the increasing proportion of sales of dolutegravir-containing products has a favourable impact on the proportion of the preferential dividends that is allocated to GSK. Adjusting items are allocated to
shareholders based on their equity interests. GSK was entitled to approximately 85% of the Total earnings and 82% of the Adjusted earnings of ViiV Healthcare for 2019. Remeasurements of the liabilities for the preferential dividends allocated to
Pfizer and Shionogi are included within other operating income.

Acquisition-related arrangements

As consideration for the acquisition of Shionogi’s interest in the former Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare joint venture in 2012, Shionogi received the 10% equity
stake in ViiV Healthcare.

ViiV Healthcare also agreed to pay additional future cash consideration to Shionogi, contingent on the future sales performance
of the products being developed by that joint venture, principally dolutegravir. Under IFRS 3 ‘Business combinations’, GSK was required to provide for the estimated fair value of this contingent consideration at the time of acquisition and
is required to update the liability to the latest estimate of fair value at each subsequent period end. The liability for the contingent consideration recognised in the balance sheet at the date of acquisition was £659 million. Subsequent
remeasurements are reflected within other operating income/expense and within Adjusting items in the income statement in each period, and at 31 December 2019, the liability, which is discounted at 8.5%, stood at £5,103 million, on a
post-tax
 basis.

17

Table of Contents

Cash payments to settle the contingent consideration are made to Shionogi by ViiV Healthcare each quarter,
based on the actual sales performance of the relevant products in the previous quarter. These payments reduce the balance sheet liability and hence are not recorded in the income statement. The cash payments made to Shionogi by ViiV Healthcare in
2019 were £865 million.

Because the liability is required to be recorded at the fair value of estimated future payments, there is a significant
timing difference between the charges that are recorded in the Total income statement to reflect movements in the fair value of the liability and the actual cash payments made to settle the liability.

The cash payments are reflected in the cash flow statement partly in operating cash flows and partly within investing activities. The tax relief on these
payments is reflected in the Group’s Adjusting items as part of the tax charge. The part of each payment relating to the original estimate of the fair value of the contingent consideration on the acquisition of the Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare
joint venture in 2012 of £659 million is reported within investing activities in the cash flow statement and the part of each payment relating to the increase in the liability since the acquisition is reported within operating cash flows.

Movements in contingent consideration payable to Shionogi were as follows:

2019 £m   2018 £m
Contingent consideration at beginning of the year   5,937   5,542
Remeasurement through income statement   31   1,188
Cash payments: operating cash flows   (767   )   (703   )
Cash payments: investing activities   (98   )   (90   )
Contingent consideration at end of the year   5,103   5,937

Of the contingent consideration payable (on a
post-tax
 basis) to Shionogi at
31 December 2019, £730 million (31 December 2018 – £815 million) is expected to be paid within one year.

Exit rights

Pfizer may request an IPO of ViiV Healthcare at any time and if either GSK does not consent to such IPO or an offering is not completed within nine months,
Pfizer could require GSK to acquire its shareholding. Under the original agreements, GSK had the unconditional right, so long as it made no subsequent distribution to its shareholders, to withhold its consent to the exercise of the Pfizer put option
and, as a result, in accordance with IFRS, GSK did not recognise a liability for the put option on its balance sheet. However, during Q1 2016, GSK notified Pfizer that it had irrevocably given up this right and accordingly recognised the liability
for the put option on the Group’s balance sheet during Q1 2016 at an initial value of £1,070 million. Consistent with this revised treatment, at the end of Q1 2016 GSK also recognised liabilities for the future preferential dividends
anticipated to become payable to Pfizer and Shionogi on the Group’s balance sheet.

The closing balances of the liabilities related to Pfizer’s
shareholding are as follows:

2019 £m   2018 £m
Pfizer put option   1,011   1,240
Pfizer preferential dividend   4   15

Under the original agreements, Shionogi could also have requested GSK to acquire its shareholding in ViiV Healthcare in
six-month
 windows commencing in 2017, 2020 and 2022. GSK had the unconditional right, so long as it made no subsequent distribution to its shareholders, to withhold its consent to the exercise of the Shionogi put
option and, as a result, GSK did not recognise a liability for the put option on its balance sheet.

However, during Q1 2016, GSK notified Shionogi that it
had irrevocably given up this right and accordingly recognised the liability for the put option on the Group’s balance sheet during Q1 2016 at an initial value of £926 million. In Q4 2016, Shionogi irrevocably agreed to waive its put
option and as a result GSK
de-recognised
 the liability for this put option on the Group’s balance sheet directly to equity. The value of the liability was £1,244 million when it was
de-recognised.

GSK also has a call option over Shionogi’s shareholding in ViiV Healthcare, which under the original
agreements was exercisable in
six-month
 windows commencing in 2027, 2030 and 2032. GSK has now irrevocably agreed to waive the first two exercise windows, but the last

six-month
 window in 2032 remains. As this call option is at fair value, it has no value for accounting purposes.

Free cash flow

Free cash flow is defined as the net cash
inflow from operating activities less capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, contingent consideration payments, net finance costs, and dividends paid to
non-controlling

interests plus proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, and dividends received from joint ventures and associates. It is used by management for planning and reporting purposes and in discussions with and
presentations to investment analysts and rating agencies. Free cash flow growth is calculated on a reported basis. A reconciliation of net cash inflow from operations to free cash flow is set out below.

18

Table of Contents

CER and AER growth

In order to illustrate underlying performance, it is the Group’s practice to discuss its results in terms of constant exchange rate (CER) growth. This
represents growth calculated as if the exchange rates used to determine the results of overseas companies in Sterling had remained unchanged from those used in the comparative period. CER% represents growth at constant exchange rates. £% or
AER% represents growth at actual exchange rates.

Financial performance

GSK uses a number of adjusted,
non-IFRS,
 measures to report the performance of its business. Adjusted results and other

non-IFRS
 measures may be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted results and other

non-IFRS
 measures are set out above under “Reporting framework” and reconciliations of Total results to Adjusted results are set out above.

19

Table of Contents

Group turnover

Group turnover by business

2019 £m   2018 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Pharmaceuticals   17,554   17,269   2   —
Vaccines   7,157   5,894   21   19
Consumer Healthcare   8,995   7,658   17   17
Group turnover   33,706   30,821   9   8
Corporate and other unallocated turnover   48   —
33,754   30,821   10   8

Group turnover by geographic region

2019 £m   2018 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
US   13,890   11,982   16   12
Europe   8,069   7,973   1   2
International   11,795   10,866   9   9
33,754   30,821   10   8

Group turnover for the year increased 10% AER, 8% CER to £33,754 million, with growth delivered by Vaccines and
Consumer Healthcare, and Pharmaceuticals flat at CER.

Pharmaceuticals turnover in the year was £17,554 million, up 2% AER, but flat at CER.
HIV sales were up 3% AER, 1% CER, to £4,854 million and Respiratory sales were up 18% AER, 15% CER, to £3,081 million. Sales of Established Pharmaceuticals were £8,776 million, down 7% AER, 8% CER.

Vaccines turnover grew 21% AER, 19% CER to £7,157 million, primarily driven by growth in sales of
Shingrix
. Meningitis vaccines also
contributed significantly to growth.

Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines Innovation sales (sales of products launched in the last five years) amounted to
£3.8 billion in 2019, driven by sales of
Shingrix
,
Trelegy Ellipta
 and
Nucala
.

Consumer Healthcare sales grew 17% AER,
17% CER to £8,995 million, primarily reflecting the acquisition of the Pfizer consumer healthcare business.

Consumer Healthcare Innovation
sales (sales of products new to market in the last three years) amounted to 12% of Consumer Healthcare sales, reflecting continued focus on Oral health innovations.

20

Table of Contents

Pharmaceuticals

Pharmaceuticals turnover

2019 £m   2018 (revised) £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Respiratory   3,081   2,612   18   15
HIV   4,854   4,722   3   1
Immuno-inflammation   613   472   30   25
Oncology   230   —   —   —
Established Pharmaceuticals   8,776   9,463   (7   )   (8   )
17,554   17,269   2   —

Pharmaceuticals turnover in the year was £17,554 million, up 2% AER, but flat at CER. HIV sales were up 3% AER, 1%
CER, to £4,854 million, with growth in
Juluca
 and
Dovato
 partly offset by declines in
Triumeq
 and
Tivicay
. Respiratory sales were up 18% AER, 15% CER, to £3,081 million, on growth of
Trelegy

Ellipta
 and
Nucala
. Sales of Established Pharmaceuticals were £8,776 million, down 7% AER, 8% CER, including the impact of loss of exclusivity of
Advair
.

In the US, sales declined 1% AER, 4% CER. Continued growth of
Nucala
,
Trelegy Ellipta
 and
Benlysta
 was more than offset by the decline in
Established Products including the loss of exclusivity of
Advair
. Excluding
Advair
 and
Relvar/Breo Ellipta
, which were impacted by genericisation of the ICS/LABA market, growth was 13% AER, 9% CER. In Europe, sales grew 1% AER,
2% CER, with strong growth in Respiratory partly offset by a decline in Established Pharmaceuticals. International grew 5% AER, 4% CER, with growth in all therapy areas.

Respiratory

Total Respiratory sales were up 18% AER, 15%
CER, with strong growth in all regions.
Ellipta
 product sales grew 13% AER, 10% CER, with Europe up 26% AER, 27% CER and International up 29% AER, 27% CER on
Trelegy
 and
Relvar/Breo
 growth.
Nucala
 was up 36% AER, 37% CER
in Europe and 56% AER, 50% CER in International. In the US,
Trelegy

Ellipta
 and
Nucala
 growth offset the decline in
Relvar/Breo Ellipta
 on post generic ICS/LABA price pressure.

Sales of
Nucala
 were £768 million in the year and grew 36% AER, 33% CER, with US sales of £453 million up 33% AER, 28% CER,
including the impact of the new
at-home
 use application.

Sales of
Ellipta
 products were up 13% AER, 10%
CER to £2,313 million driven by growth in Europe and International regions. In the US, sales grew 4% AER, but were flat at CER, reflecting continued competitive pricing pressures for ICS/LABAs, post generic
Advair
. In Europe, sales
grew 26% AER, 27% CER, and in International by 29% AER, 27% CER. Sales of
Trelegy Ellipta
 contributed £518 million globally in the year, driven by an increase in US market share.

Relvar/Breo Ellipta
 sales were down 11% AER, 13% CER, driven by the US, where
Relvar/Breo Ellipta
 declined 34% AER, 37% CER as a result of
competitive pricing pressures and the impact of generic
Advair
 on the US ICS/LABA market. In Europe and International,
Relvar/Breo Ellipta
 continued to grow, up 11% AER, 12% CER in Europe, and 21% AER, 19% CER in International.

HIV

HIV sales grew 3% AER, 1% CER to
£4,854 million in the year. The dolutegravir franchise grew 5% AER, 2% CER, delivering sales of £4,633 million. The remaining portfolio, £221 million and 5% of total HIV sales, declined 27% AER, 27% CER and reduced
the overall HIV growth by two percentage points at AER and one percentage point at CER.

Sales of dolutegravir products were £4,633 million,
with
Triumeq
 and
Tivicay
 delivering sales of £2,549 million and £1,662 million, respectively. The
two-drug
 regimens,
Juluca
 and
Dovato
, delivered sales of
£422 million in the year with combined growth more than offsetting the decline in the three-drug regimen,
Triumeq
, which reflected the impact of competition as well as the transition of the business to the new portfolio.

In the US, following the launch of
Dovato
 in April 2019, combined sales of the
two-drug
 regimens were
£350 million. Total dolutegravir sales grew 4% AER but were flat at CER, reflecting a
year-on-year
 share decline as the business transitions to the new
two-drug
 portfolio, offset by a net price benefit. In Europe, total dolutegravir sales were flat at AER and flat at CER, with strong growth in market share offsetting price erosion and higher clawback payments.

Dovato
 and
Juluca
 reported combined sales of £65 million. International grew strongly with total dolutegravir sales growth of 22% AER, 22% CER, driven by
Tivicay
 and
Triumeq
.

Oncology

Sales of
Zejula
, were
£229 million in the period from the date of acquisition, comprising £134 million in the US and £95 million in Europe.

Immuno-inflammation

Sales of
Benlysta
 in the year
were up 30% AER, 25% CER to £613 million, including sales of the
sub-cutaneous
 formulation of £268 million. In the US,
Benlysta
 grew 27% AER, 23% CER to £535 million.

Established Pharmaceuticals

Sales of Established
Pharmaceuticals in the year were £8,776 million, down 7% AER, 8% CER.

Established Respiratory products declined 10% AER, 11% CER to
£3,900 million, with the decline in
Advair/Seretide
 partly offset by higher sales of
Ventolin
,
Flovent
 and allergy products. In the US, a generic version of
Advair
 was launched in February, resulting in a 54%
AER, 56% CER decline in the year. In Europe,
Seretide
 sales were down 16% AER, 16% CER to £502 million, reflecting continued competition from generic products and the transition of the Respiratory portfolio to newer products. In
International, sales of
Seretide
 were flat at AER but down 1% CER. Globally,
Ventolin
 grew by 27% AER, 25% CER, driven by the strong uptake of an authorised generic version in the US.

21

Table of Contents

The remainder of the Established Pharmaceuticals portfolio declined 5% AER, 6% CER to
£4,876 million, including
Lamictal
 down 8% AER, 10% CER to £566 million on generic competition and lower sales of
Viread
 in International. These declines were partly offset by
Augmentin
, up 6% AER, 6% CER
to £602 million in the year, driven by strong growth in International.

Vaccines

Vaccines turnover

2019 £m   2018 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Meningitis   1,018   881   16   15
Influenza   541   523   3   1
Shingles   1,810   784   >100   >100
Established Vaccines   3,788   3,706   2   1
7,157   5,894   21   19

Vaccines turnover grew 21% AER, 19% CER to £7,157 million, primarily driven by growth in sales of
Shingrix
.
Meningitis vaccines also contributed to growth mainly due to
Bexsero
 demand and share gains in the US together with stronger demand in International. Established Vaccines grew 2% AER, 1% CER to £3,788 million, primarily reflecting
strong growth in
Boostrix
, Hepatitis vaccines,
Synflorix
 and
Infanrix/Pediarix
, partly offset by lower
Cervarix
 sales in International and supply constraints in MMRV vaccines.

Meningitis

Meningitis sales grew 16% AER, 15% CER to
£1,018 million.
Bexsero
 sales grew 16% AER, 16% CER to £679 million, driven by demand and share gains in the US together with stronger demand in International and Europe, partly offset by the completion of the
vaccination of
catch-up
 cohorts in certain markets in Europe.
Menveo
 grew 15% AER, 13% CER, primarily reflecting improved supply and higher demand in International.

Influenza

Fluarix/FluLaval
 sales were up 3% AER,
1% CER to £541 million, reflecting strong sales execution in the US, partly offset by increased price competition in the US and lower demand in Europe.

Shingles

Shingrix
 recorded sales of
£1,810 million, primarily driven by continued strong uptake and the favourable benefit of prior-period rebate adjustments in the US. Germany and Canada also contributed to growth.

Established Vaccines

Sales of DTPa-containing vaccines
(
Infanrix
,
Pediarix
 and
Boostrix
) grew 10% AER, 8% CER.
Infanrix/Pediarix
 sales grew 8% AER, 6% CER to £733 million, reflecting favourable

year-on-year
 US CDC stockpile movements and stronger demand in International, partly offset by competitive pressures in Europe.
Boostrix
 sales were up 13% AER,
11% CER to £584 million mainly due to strong demand in International together with share gains and higher demand in the US.

Hepatitis vaccines
grew 8% AER, 6% CER to £874 million, primarily due to favourable
year-on-year
 CDC stockpile movements and the continued benefit from a competitor supply
shortage in the US, partly offset by supply constraints and lower demand in Europe.

Synflorix
 sales grew 10% AER, 11% CER to
£468 million, primarily due to stronger demand in International.

Rotarix
 sales were up 7% AER, 6% CER to £558 million,
reflecting stronger demand in International and the US together with favourable phasing in International.

MMRV vaccines sales declined 24% AER, 23% CER
to £232 million, largely driven by supply constraints in Europe and International.

Cervarix
 sales were down 64% AER, 64% CER to
£50 million, reflecting lower demand and expected returns due to competitive pressure in China, together with lower demand elsewhere in International.

Consumer Healthcare

Consumer Healthcare
turnover

2019 £m   2018 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Wellness   4,526   3,940   15   14
Oral health   2,673   2,496   7   7
Nutrition   1,176   643   83   81
Skin health   620   579   7   7
8,995   7,658   17   17

22

Table of Contents

2019 £m   2018 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
US   2,583   1,828   41   36
Europe   2,456   2,340   5   6
International   3,956   3,490   13   14
8,995   7,658   17   17

Consumer Healthcare sales grew 17% AER, 17% CER in 2019 to £8,995 million. At a regional level, growth was driven
by the US and International, particularly China, following the acquisition of the Pfizer portfolio.

Sales of the Consumer Healthcare business included
five months of Pfizer brand sales arising after the creation of the joint venture. The Pfizer brands have been included in the existing categories and geographic regions used to report Consumer Healthcare sales. GSK expects to revise this category
structure for reporting from Q1 2020 onwards.

Wellness

Wellness sales grew 15% AER, 14% CER to £4,526 million for the year. Pain relief benefited from continued strong performance of
Panadol
 and

Advil
 with the latter reflecting ongoing recovery from now resolved supply issues.
Voltaren
 saw weaker performance and was also impacted by retail stock movements. Respiratory sales declined as growth in
Flonase
 was more than
offset by weaker performance in
Theraflu
, following a strong cold and flu comparator in 2018. Growth was also impacted by a decline in other Respiratory brands.

Oral health

Oral health sales grew 7% AER, 7% CER to
£2,673 million.
Sensodyne
 saw double-digit, broad-based growth, with strong performance in the US and India benefiting from new product innovations. Gum health grew in double digits with broad-based growth, while Denture care grew
in
mid-single
 digits. Oral health growth was also impacted by a decline in sales of
non-strategic
 brands.

Nutrition

Nutrition sales grew 83% AER, 81% CER to
£1,176 million, largely due to the inclusion of the Pfizer vitamins, minerals and supplements portfolio. Growth also reflected the strong performance of
Horlicks
, offset by declines in other Nutrition products due to the alignment
of
in-market
 inventory levels of some Pfizer brands, but was impacted by the divestment of
Horlicks
 and
Maxinutrition
 in the UK.

Skin health

Skin health sales grew 7% AER, 7% CER to
£620 million, largely due to the addition of
ChapStick
 from the Pfizer portfolio.

Cost of sales

2019 £m   2018 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Total cost of sales   (11,863   )   (10,241   )   16   16
Adjusted cost of sales   (10,079   )   (9,178   )   10   10

Total cost of sales as a percentage of turnover was 35.1%, 1.9 percentage points higher at AER and 2.4 percentage points
higher in CER terms compared with 2018. This reflected an increase in the costs of Major restructuring programmes, primarily as a result of write-downs in a number of manufacturing sites, the unwind of the fair market value uplift on inventory
arising on completion of the Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture with Pfizer and increased amortisation of intangible assets.

Excluding these and other
Adjusting items, Adjusted cost of sales as a percentage of turnover was 29.9%, 0.1 percentage points higher at AER and 0.5 percentage points higher at CER compared with 2018. This reflected continued adverse pricing pressure in Pharmaceuticals,
particularly in Respiratory, an unfavourable product mix in Pharmaceuticals and a number of
non-restructuring
 related write-downs in manufacturing sites. This was partly offset by a more favourable product mix
in Vaccines, primarily due to growth of
Shingrix
 in the US, a favourable impact of inventory adjustments in Vaccines and a further contribution from integration and restructuring savings in Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Healthcare.

Selling, general and administration

2019 £m   2018 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Total selling, general and administration   (11,402   )   (9,915   )   15   13
Adjusted selling, general and administration   (10,715   )   (9,462   )   13   12

23

Table of Contents

Total SG&A costs as a percentage of turnover were 33.8%, 1.6 percentage points higher at AER and 1.6
percentage points higher at CER compared with 2018. This included increased significant legal charges arising from the settlement of existing matters and provisions for ongoing litigation, costs related to the acquisition of the Pfizer consumer
healthcare business and a reversal of an indemnity receivable from Novartis following a tax settlement, with an equivalent release of a tax provision which was reflected in the tax charge, as well as increased restructuring costs.

Excluding these and other Adjusting items, Adjusted SG&A costs as a percentage of turnover were 31.7%, 1.0 percentage point higher at AER than in 2018 and
1.0 percentage point higher on a CER basis.

The growth in Adjusted SG&A costs of 13% AER, 12% CER reflected increased investment resulting from the
acquisition of Tesaro and in promotional product support, particularly for new launches in Vaccines, Respiratory and HIV, as well as increased costs for a number of legal settlements.

This was partly offset by the continuing benefit of restructuring in Pharmaceuticals and the tight control of ongoing costs, particularly in
non-promotional
 spending across all three businesses.

Research and development

2019 £m   2018 £m   Growth £%   Growth CER%
Total research and development   (4,568   )   (3,893   )   17   15
Adjusted research and development   (4,339   )   (3,735   )   16   14

Total R&D expenditure was £4,568 million, 13.5% of turnover, up 17% AER, 15% CER. Adjusted R&D expenditure
was £4,339 million, 12.9% of turnover, 16% higher at AER, 14% higher at CER than in 2018.

Pharmaceuticals R&D expenditure was
£3,348 million, up 19% AER, 16% CER, with a significant increase in study and clinical trial material investment in Oncology compared with 2018. This reflected the progression of assets from the Tesaro acquisition, primarily
Zejula

and dostarlimab, and a number of other programmes, including belantamab mafodotin,
NY-ESO,
 ICOS and bintrafusp alfa, as well as increased spending on the progression of key

non-Oncology
 assets, such as
aGM-CSF
 for rheumatoid arthritis. This was partly offset by savings from the early phase portfolio reprioritisation in late 2018. R&D
expenditure in Vaccines and Consumer Healthcare was £718 million and £273 million, respectively.

Royalty income

Royalty income was £351 million (2018 – £299 million), up 17% AER, 17% CER, primarily reflecting increased royalties on sales of
Gardasil.

Other operating income/(expense)

Net
other operating income of £689 million (2018 – £1,588 million expense) primarily reflected the profit on disposal of rabies and tick-borne encephalitis vaccines (£306 million) and a number of other asset disposals,
together with an increase in value of the shares in Hindustan Unilever Limited to be received on the disposal of
Horlicks
 and other Consumer Healthcare brands. The cumulative increase in value since the signing of the proposed transaction was
£240 million.

Other income also included accounting credits of £127 million (2018 – £1,846 million expense) arising
from the remeasurement of the contingent consideration liabilities related to the acquisitions of the former Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare joint venture and the former Novartis Vaccines business and the liabilities for the Pfizer put option and Pfizer
and Shionogi preferential dividends in ViiV Healthcare. This included a remeasurement charge of £31 million (2018 – £1,188 million) for the contingent consideration liability due to Shionogi, primarily arising from the unwind
of the discounting, partly offset by changes in exchange rate assumptions and sales forecasts. 2018 also included a remeasurement charge of £658 million in relation to the Consumer Healthcare put option.

Operating profit

Total operating profit was
£6,961 million in 2019 compared with £5,483 million in 2018. Reduced remeasurement charges on the contingent consideration liabilities, no Consumer Healthcare put option charge, increased profits on disposals and an increase in
value of the shares in Hindustan Unilever Limited to be received on the disposal of
Horlicks
 and other Consumer Healthcare brands were partly offset by increased charges for Major restructuring, primarily arising from write-downs in a number
of manufacturing sites and costs to integrate the Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture, and increased significant legal charges.

Excluding these and other
Adjusting items, Adjusted operating profit was £8,972 million, 3% higher than 2018 at AER but flat at CER on a turnover increase of 8% CER. The Adjusted operating margin of 26.6% was 1.8 percentage points lower at AER, and 2.1 percentage
points lower on a CER basis than in 2018.

The reduction in Adjusted operating profit primarily reflected continuing price pressure, particularly in
Respiratory, including the impact of the launch of a generic version of
Advair
 in the US in February 2019, investment in R&D including a significant increase in Oncology investment, partly on the assets from the Tesaro acquisition, and
investments in promotional product support, particularly for new launches in Vaccines, HIV and Respiratory. This was partly offset by the benefit from sales growth, particularly in Vaccines, a more favourable mix in Vaccines and Consumer Healthcare,
favourable inventory adjustments in Vaccines and the continued benefit of restructuring with tight control of ongoing costs across all three businesses.

24

Table of Contents

Contingent consideration cash payments which are made to Shionogi and other companies reduce the balance
sheet liability and hence are not recorded in the income statement. Total contingent consideration cash payments in 2019 amounted to £893 million (2018 – £1,137 million), including payments to Shionogi of
£865 million (2018 – £793 million).

Operating profit by business

Pharmaceuticals operating profit was £4,595 million, down 20% AER, 22% CER with turnover flat at CER. The operating margin of 26.2% was 7.1
percentage points lower at AER than in 2018 and 7.2 percentage points lower on a CER basis. This primarily reflected the increase in cost of sales percentage due to the continued impact of lower prices, particularly in Respiratory, including the
impact of the launch of a generic version of
Advair
 in the US in February 2019, an unfavourable product mix, primarily as a result of the decline in
Advair
 and growth in lower margin products, a significant increase in Oncology R&D
and investment in new product support and targeted priority markets, together with a number of
non-restructuring
 related write-downs in manufacturing sites and higher legal costs.

This was partly offset by the continued benefit of restructuring and tight control of ongoing costs and the benefits of

re-prioritisation
 of the R&D portfolio.

Vaccines operating profit was £2,966 million, 53% AER, 46%
CER higher than in 2018 on a turnover increase of 19% CER. The operating margin of 41.4% was 8.5 percentage points higher at AER than in 2018 and 7.3 percentage points higher on a CER basis. This was primarily driven by enhanced operating leverage
from strong sales growth, particularly
Shingrix
 in the US, improved product mix and higher royalty income. Increased SG&A investment to support business growth was partly offset by income from

one-off
 settlements.

Consumer Healthcare operating profit was £1,874 million, up 24% AER, 22% CER
higher on a turnover increase of 17% CER. The operating margin of 20.8% was 1.0 percentage point higher at AER and 0.9 percentage points higher on a CER basis than in 2018. This primarily reflected continued manufacturing restructuring savings,
improved growth from higher margin power brands and the divestment of lower margin tail products, as well as tight control of other operating expenses, partly offset by increased investment in promotion.

Net finance costs

Finance income   2019 £m   2018 (revised) £m
Interest and other income   79   74
Fair value movements   19   7
98   81
Finance expense
Interest expense   (840   )   (715   )
Unwinding of discounts on provisions   (8   )   (15   )
Remeasurements and fair value movements   (1   )   3
Finance expense on lease liabilities   (39   )   (2   )
Other finance expense   (24   )   (69   )
(912   )   (798   )

Total net finance costs were £814 million compared with £717 million in 2018. Adjusted net finance costs
were £810 million compared with £698 million in 2018. The increase primarily reflected higher debt levels following the acquisition from Novartis of its stake in the Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture in June 2018 and the
acquisition of Tesaro in January 2019, as well as an adverse comparison with a
one-off
 accounting adjustment of £20 million to amortisation of interest charges in 2018. This was partly offset by the
benefit from older bonds being refinanced at lower interest rates, a fair value gain on interest rate swaps and interest of £23 million in Q3 2018 on an historic tax settlement. Following the introduction of IFRS 16, ‘Leases’,
finance costs included an unwind of the discount on the lease liability of £39 million in the year.

Share of

after-tax
 profits of associates and joint ventures

The share of

after-tax
 profits of associates was £74 million (2018 – £31 million). This included a
one-off
 adjustment of £51 million to reflect
GSK’s share of increased
after-tax
 profits of Innoviva primarily as a result of a
non-recurring
 income tax benefit.

Profit before tax

Taking account of net finance costs
and the share of profits of associates, profit before taxation was £6,221 million compared with £4,800 million in 2018.

Taxation

2019 £m   2018 £m
UK current year charge   149   234
Rest of world current year charge   1,407   1,426
Charge in respect of prior periods   (420   )   (492   )
Total current taxation   1,136   1,168
Total deferred taxation   (183   )   (414   )
Taxation on total profits   953   754

25

Table of Contents

The charge of £953 million represented an effective tax rate on Total results of 15.3% (2018
– 15.7%) and reflected the different tax effects of the various Adjusting items. Tax on Adjusted profit amounted to £1,318 million and represented an effective Adjusted tax rate of 16.0% (2018 – 19.0%), reflecting the impact of
the settlement of a number of open issues with tax authorities.

Issues related to taxation are described in Note 14, to the financial statements
‘Taxation’. The Group continues to believe it has made adequate provision for the liabilities likely to arise from periods which are open and not yet agreed by tax authorities. The ultimate liability for such matters may vary from the
amounts provided and is dependent upon the outcome of agreements with relevant tax authorities.

Non-controlling
 interests

The allocation of Total earnings to
non-controlling
 interests amounted to £623 million (2018 –
£423 million). The increase was primarily due to an increased allocation of ViiV Healthcare profits of £482 million (2018 – £251 million) and higher net profits in some of the Group’s other entities with
non-controlling
 interests. This was partly offset by the lower allocation of Consumer Healthcare profits of £70 million (2018 – £117 million) following the buyout of Novartis’ interest in
June 2018 and the completion of the new Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture with Pfizer on 31 July 2019, and which included the unwind of the fair value uplift on acquired inventory.

The allocation of Adjusted earnings to
non-controlling
 interests amounted to £787 million (2018 –
£674 million). The increase in allocation reflected an increased allocation of Consumer Healthcare profits of £204 million (2018 – £118 million), an increased allocation of ViiV Healthcare profits of
£512 million (2018 – £501 million) and higher net profits in some of the Group’s other entities with
non-controlling
 interests.

Earnings per share

Total earnings per share was 93.9p,
compared with 73.7p in 2018. The increase in earnings per share primarily reflected reduced remeasurement charges on the contingent consideration liabilities and put options, an increase in the value of the shares in Hindustan Unilever Limited to be
received on the disposal of
Horlicks
 and other Consumer Healthcare brands, a reduced effective tax rate and the increased share of
after-tax
 profit of the associate Innoviva.

Adjusted EPS of 123.9p compared with 119.4p in 2018, up 4% AER, 1% CER, with Adjusted operating profit flat at CER. The improvement primarily resulted from a
reduced effective tax rate and an increased share of
after-tax
 profits of associates as a result of a
non-recurring
 income tax benefit in Innoviva, partly offset by
increased net finance costs and a higher
non-controlling
 interest allocation of Consumer Healthcare profits.

Dividends

The Board declared four interim dividends
resulting in a total dividend for the year of 80 pence, in line with the dividend declared for 2018. See Note 16 to the financial statements, ‘Dividends’.

Dividend policy

GSK recognises the importance of
dividends to shareholders and aims to distribute regular dividend payments that will be determined primarily with reference to the free cash flow generated by the business after funding the investment necessary to support the Group’s future
growth.

The Board intends to maintain the dividend for 2020 at the current level of 80p per share, subject to any material change in the external
environment or performance expectations. Over time, as free cash flow strengthens, it intends to build free cash flow cover of the annual dividend to a target range of 1.25 - 1.50x, before returning the dividend to growth.

Outlook

Our outlook for 2020 reflects our expectations
for growth in key new products, and the start of a
two-year
 period in which we will continue to increase investment in these products and in our R&D pipeline, alongside implementation of our new programme
which will prepare the Group for separation.

In 2020 we expect Adjusted EPS to decline in the range of
-1%
 to
-4%
 at CER. This guidance excludes any impact in 2020 from any further material divestments beyond those previously announced and any potential impact on our business from the coronavirus outbreak.

We are not able to give guidance for Total results as we cannot reliably forecast certain material elements of our Total results such as impairments of
intangible assets and the future fair value movements on contingent consideration and put options, including those arising from changes in foreign exchange rates, and therefore a reconciliation of the guidance for Adjusted results to equivalent
guidance for Total results is not available without unreasonable effort.

All expectations, guidance and targets regarding future performance and dividend
payments should be read together with ‘Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements’ and ‘Assumptions related to 2016-2020 outlook’ on the inside back cover of the GSK Annual Report 2019.

Adjusting items

Major restructuring and
integration

Within the Pharmaceuticals sector, the highly-regulated manufacturing operations and supply chains and long life-cycle of the business
mean that restructuring programmes, particularly those that involve the rationalisation or closure of manufacturing or R&D sites, are likely to take several years to complete.

Major restructuring costs are those related to specific Board-approved Major restructuring programmes and are excluded from Adjusted results. Major
restructuring programmes, including integration costs following material acquisitions, are those that are structural and are of a significant scale where the costs of individual or related projects exceed £25 million. Other ordinary
course smaller-scale restructuring costs are retained within Total and Adjusted results.

26

Table of Contents

Total Major restructuring charges incurred in 2019 were £1,105 million (2018 – £809
million), analysed as follows:

2019   2018
Cash £m   Non- cash £m   Total £m   Cash £m   Non- cash £m   Total £m
2018 major restructuring programme (incl. Tesaro)   227   572   799   279   90   369
Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture integration programme   248   4   252   —   —   —
Combined restructuring and integration programme   10   44   54   330   110   440
485   620   1,105   609   200   809

Cash charges primarily arose from restructuring of the manufacturing organisation, R&D and some administrative functions
as well as the integration of Tesaro under the 2018 major restructuring programme and integration costs under the Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture integration programme.
Non-cash
 charges under the 2018 major
restructuring programme primarily related to announced plans to restructure the manufacturing network.

Total cash payments made in 2019 were
£645 million, £316 million for the existing Combined restructuring and integration programme (2018 – £528 million) and £164 million (2018 – £9 million) under the 2018 major restructuring
programme including the settlement of certain charges accrued in previous quarters and a further £165 million relating to the Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture integration programme.

The analysis of major restructuring charges by business was as follows:

2019 £m   2018 £m
Pharmaceuticals   651   563
Vaccines   58   104
Consumer Healthcare   321   72
1,030   739
Corporate and central functions   75   70
Total Major restructuring charges   1,105   809

The analysis of Major restructuring charges by Income statement line was as follows:

2019 £m   2018 £m
Cost of sales   658   443
Selling, general and administration   332   315
Research and development   114   49
Other operating income/(expense)   1   2
Total Major restructuring charges   1,105   809

27

Table of Contents

The Combined restructuring and integration programme delivered incremental annual cost savings in the year
of £0.3 billion. The 2018 major restructuring programme delivered incremental cost savings in the year of £0.2 billion.

Total cash
charges for the Combined restructuring and integration programme are now expected to be approximately £4.0 billion with
non-cash
 charges of £1.4 billion. The total of
£5.4 billion represents a reduction of £0.3 billion from the originally approved £5.7 billion. The programme has now delivered approximately £4.2 billion of annual savings, including an estimated currency
benefit of £0.2 billion. The programme is expected to deliver by the end of 2020 total annual savings of £4.3 billion on a constant currency basis, including an estimated benefit of £0.2 billion from currency on the
basis of 2019 average exchange rates. The programme is substantially complete and therefore GSK will cease external reporting of total costs and benefits of the Combined restructuring and integration programme from 2020 onwards.

The Group acquired Tesaro in January 2019, and is expected to incur around £50 million of integration and restructuring cash costs, leading to
annual cost-saving benefits of around £50 million. This has been added to and reported as part of the existing 2018 major restructuring programme.

The 2018 major restructuring programme, now including Tesaro, is expected to cost £1.75 billion over the period to 2021, with cash costs of
£0.85 billion and
non-cash
 costs of £0.9 billion, and is expected to deliver annual savings of around £450 million by 2021 (at 2019 rates). These savings are intended to be
fully
re-invested
 to help fund targeted increases in R&D and commercial support of new products.

The
completion of the new Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture with Pfizer is expected to realise substantial cost synergies, generating total annual cost savings of £0.5 billion by 2022 for expected cash costs of £0.7 billion and
non-cash
 charges of £0.3 billion, plus additional capital expenditure of £0.2 billion. Up to 25% of the cost savings are intended to be reinvested in the business to support innovation and
other growth opportunities.

The Group has initiated a
two-year
 Separation Preparation programme to prepare for
the separation of GSK into two companies: New GSK, a biopharma company with an R&D approach focused on science related to the immune system, the use of genetics and new technologies, and a new leader in Consumer Healthcare.

The programme aims to:

•   drive a common approach to R&D with improved capital allocation

•   align and improve the capabilities and efficiency of global support functions to support New GSK

•   further optimise the supply chain and product portfolio, including the divestment of non-core assets. A strategic review of prescription dermatology is underway

•   prepare Consumer Healthcare to operate as a standalone company

The programme will target delivery of £0.7 billion of annual savings by 2022 and £0.8 billion by 2023, with total costs estimated at
£2.4 billion, of which £1.6 billion is expected to be cash costs. The proceeds of anticipated divestments are largely expected to cover the cash costs of the programme.Additional
one-time

costs to prepare Consumer Healthcare for separation are estimated at
£600-700 million,
 excluding transaction costs.

Transaction-related adjustments

Transaction-related
adjustments resulted in a net charge of £345 million (2018 – £1,977 million). This included a net £127 million accounting credit for the remeasurement of the contingent consideration liabilities related to the
acquisitions of the former Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare joint venture and the former Novartis Vaccines business and the liabilities for the Pfizer put option and Pfizer and Shionogi preferential dividends in ViiV Healthcare.

Charge/(credit)   2019 £m   2018 £m
Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture put option   —   658
Contingent consideration on former Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare Joint Venture (including Shionogi
preferential dividends)   31   1,188
ViiV Healthcare put options and Pfizer preferential dividends   (234   )   (58   )
Contingent consideration on former Novartis Vaccines business   76   58
Release of fair value uplift on acquired Pfizer inventory   366   —
Other adjustments   106   131
Total transaction-related charges   345   1,977

The £31 million charge relating to the contingent consideration for the former Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare joint
venture represented an increase in the valuation of the contingent consideration due to Shionogi, primarily as a result of a £435 million unwind of the discount, partly offset by updated exchange rate assumptions and adjustments to sales
forecasts. The £234 million credit relating to the ViiV Healthcare put options and Pfizer preferential dividends represented a reduction in the valuation of the put option as a result of adjustments to multiples and sales forecasts as
well as updated exchange rate assumptions.

28

Table of Contents

Other adjustments included transaction costs arising on completion of the Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture
with Pfizer, as well as a reversal of an indemnity receivable from Novartis following a tax settlement, with an equivalent release of a tax provision. An explanation of the accounting for the
non-controlling

interests in ViiV Healthcare is set out above under “Reporting framework”.

Divestments, significant legal charges and other items

Divestments and other items included a profit on disposal of rabies and tick-borne encephalitis vaccines (£306 million), a gain in the year of
£143 million arising from the increase in value of the shares in Hindustan Unilever Limited to be received on the disposal of
Horlicks
 and other Consumer Healthcare brands, as well as equity investment impairments and certain other
Adjusting items together with the profit on a number of asset disposals. A charge of £251 million (2018 – £33 million) for significant legal matters included the settlement of existing matters as well as provisions for ongoing
litigation. Significant legal cash payments were £294 million (2018 – £39 million).

Cash generation and conversion

A summary of the consolidated cash flow statement is set out below.

2019 £m   2018 £m
Net cash inflow from operating activities   8,020   8,421
Net cash outflow from investing activities   (5,354   )   (1,553   )
Net cash outflow from financing activities   (1,840   )   (6,389   )
Increase/(decrease) in cash and bank overdrafts   826   479
Cash and bank overdrafts at beginning of year   4,087   3,600
Increase in cash and bank overdrafts   826   479
Exchange adjustments   (82   )   8
Cash and bank overdrafts at end of year   4,831   4,087
Cash and bank overdrafts at end of year comprise:
Cash and cash equivalents   4,707   3,874
Cash and cash equivalents reported in assets held for sale   507   485
Overdrafts   (383   )   (272   )
4,831   4,087

The net cash inflow from operating activities for the year was £8,020 million (2018 - £8,421 million). The
reduction primarily reflected the adverse timing of payments for returns and rebates, as well as the initial step-down impact from US Advair generic competition, higher restructuring payments and higher significant legal costs. This was partly
offset by improved operating profits including currency benefits, a reduction in inventory and lower increase in trade receivables, lower contingent consideration payments and the reclassification of lease payments from operating to financing
activities following the transition to IFRS 16.

Capital expenditure and financial investment

Cash payments for tangible and intangible fixed assets amounted to £2,163 million (2018 – £1,796 million) and disposals realised
£603 million (2018 – £453 million). Cash payments to acquire equity investments amounted to £258 million (2018 – £309 million), primarily relating to Lyell Immunopharma, and sales of equity investments
realised £69 million (2018 – £151 million).

Free cash flow

Free cash flow is the amount of cash generated by the Group after meeting our obligations for contingent consideration, interest, tax and dividends paid to
non-controlling
 interests, and after capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets.

2019 £m   2018 £m
Free cash inflow   5,073   5,692

The reduction in free cash flow primarily reflected the adverse timing of payments for returns and rebates, as well as the
initial step-down impact from US Advair generic competition, increased capital expenditure including the acquisition of intangible assets, higher restructuring payments and higher significant legal costs. This was partly offset by improved operating
profits including currency benefits, a reduction in inventory and a lower increase in trade receivables, lower contingent consideration payments compared with 2018, which included a milestone payment to Novartis, lower dividend payments to
non-controlling
 interests and the reclassification of lease payments from operating to financing activities following the transition to IFRS 16.

Total cash payments to Shionogi in relation to the ViiV Healthcare contingent consideration liability in the year were £865 million (2018 –
£793 million), of which £767 million was recognised in cash flows from operating activities and £98 million was recognised in contingent consideration paid within investing cash flows. These payments are deductible for
tax purposes.

29

Table of Contents

Reconciliation of net cash inflow from operating activities to free cash flow

A reconciliation of net cash inflow from operating activities, which is the closest equivalent IFRS measure to free cash flow, is shown below.

2019 £m   2018 £m
Net cash inflow from operating activities   8,020   8,421
Purchase of property, plant and equipment   (1,265   )   (1,344   )
Purchase of intangible assets   (898   )   (452   )
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment   95   168
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets   404   256
Interest paid   (895   )   (766   )
Interest received   82   72
Dividends from associates and joint ventures   7   39
Contingent consideration paid (reported in investing activities)   (113   )   (153   )
Contribution from non-controlling interests   —   21
Distributions to non-controlling interests   (364   )   (570   )
Free cash flow   5,073   5,692

Future cash flow

Over
the long term, we expect that future cash generated from operations will be sufficient to fund our operating and debt servicing costs, normal levels of capital expenditure, obligations under existing licensing agreements, expenditure arising from
restructuring programmes and other routine outflows including tax, pension contributions and dividends, subject to the ‘Principal risks and uncertainties’ discussed under Item 3.D “Risk Factors” above. We may from time to time
have additional demands for finance, such as for acquisitions, including potentially acquiring increased ownership interests in the ViiV Healthcare business where minority shareholders hold put options. We have access to multiple sources of
liquidity from short and long-term capital markets and financial institutions for such needs, in addition to the cash flow from operations.

Investment
appraisal and capital allocation

We have a strong framework for capital allocation, including a board to govern the allocation of capital between our
businesses. We utilise a consistent cash return on invested capital (CROIC) methodology to prioritise investment across the Group as a whole, so that we can more effectively compare the returns from each of the businesses as we allocate capital
between them. We also consider the impact on EPS and our credit profile where relevant.

30

Table of Contents

Financial position and resources

2019 £m   2018 £m
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment   10,348   11,058
Right of use assets   966   —
Goodwill   10,562   5,789
Other intangible assets   30,955   17,202
Investments in associates and joint ventures   314   236
Other investments   1,837   1,322
Deferred tax assets   4,096   3,887
Derivative financial instruments   103   69
Other non-current assets   1,020   1,576
Total non-current assets   60,201   41,139
Current assets
Inventories   5,947   5,476
Current tax recoverable   262   229
Trade and other receivables   7,202   6,423
Derivative financial instruments   421   188
Liquid investments   79   84
Cash and cash equivalents   4,707   3,874
Assets held for sale   873   653
Total current assets   19,491   16,927
Total assets   79,692   58,066
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings   (6,918   )   (5,793   )
Contingent consideration liabilities   (755   )   (837   )
Trade and other payables   (14,939   )   (14,037   )
Derivative financial instruments   (188   )   (127   )
Current tax payable   (629   )   (965   )
Short-term provisions   (621   )   (732   )
Total current liabilities   (24,050   )   (22,491   )
Non-current liabilities
Long-term borrowings   (23,590   )   (20,271   )
Corporation tax payable   (189   )   (272   )
Deferred tax liabilities   (3,810   )   (1,156   )
Pensions and other post-employment benefits   (3,457   )   (3,125   )
Other provisions   (670   )   (691   )
Derivative financial instruments   (1   )   (1   )
Contingent consideration liabilities   (4,724   )   (5,449   )
Other non-current liabilities   (844   )   (938   )
Total non-current liabilities   (37,285   )   (31,903   )
Total liabilities   (61,335   )   (54,394   )
Net assets   18,357   3,672
Total equity   18,357   3,672

Acquisition of Pfizer consumer healthcare business

As the acquisition of the Pfizer consumer healthcare business was a
non-cash
 transaction, it resulted in an increase in
net assets of £15.0 billion, including intangible assets of £12.4 billion and goodwill of £3.9 billion. This reflected the recognition of Pfizer’s
non-controlling
 interest
in the Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture of £6.9 billion and a gain in retained earnings of £8.1 billion representing the difference between fair value and book value of the 32% of GSK’s Consumer Healthcare business
transferred to Pfizer.

Property, plant and equipment

Our business is science-based, technology-intensive and highly regulated by governmental authorities. We allocate significant financial resources to the
renewal and maintenance of our property, plant and equipment to minimise risks of interruption to production and to ensure compliance with regulatory standards. A number of our processes use hazardous materials.

31

Table of Contents

The total cost of our property, plant and equipment at 31 December 2019 was £21,599 million,
with a net book value of £10,348 million. Of this, land and buildings represented £4,037 million, plant and equipment £4,425 million and assets in construction £1,886 million. In 2019, we invested
£1,640 million in new property, plant and equipment. This was mainly related to a large number of projects for the renewal, improvement and expansion of facilities at various worldwide sites to support new product development and launches
as well as to improve the efficiency of existing supply chains. Property is mainly held freehold. New investment is financed from our liquid resources. At 31 December 2019, we had contractual commitments for future capital expenditure of
£413 million. We believe that our property and plant facilities are adequate for our current needs.

We observe stringent procedures and use
specialist skills to manage environmental risks from our activities. Environmental issues, sometimes dating from operations now modified or discontinued, are reported under ‘Environment’ on page 41 of the GSK Annual Report 2019 and in Note
46 to the financial statements, ‘Legal proceedings’.

Right of use assets

Right of use assets amounted to £966 million at 31 December 2019 compared with £1,071 million on 1 January 2019, following the
implementation of IFRS 16. The decrease in the year reflected the impact of depreciation and disposals of £214 million and £64 million respectively, partly offset by additions, including from business combinations, of
£211 million.

Goodwill

Goodwill
increased to £10,562 million at 31 December 2019, from £5,789 million, primarily reflecting additions of £3,854 million arising from the acquisition of the Pfizer consumer healthcare business and
£1,169 million from the acquisition of Tesaro, Inc.

Other intangible assets

Other intangible assets include the cost of intangibles acquired from third parties and computer software. The net book value of other intangible assets as at
31 December 2019 was £30,955 million (2018 – £17,202 million). The increase primarily reflected additions of £12,357 million from the acquisition of the Pfizer consumer healthcare business and
£3,092 million from the acquisition of Tesaro, Inc.

Investments in associates and joint ventures

We held investments in associates and joint ventures with a carrying value at 31 December 2019 of £314 million (2018 – £236
million). The market value at 31 December 2019 was £396 million (2018 – £487 million). The largest of these investments was in Innoviva Inc., which had a book value at 31 December 2019 of £261 million (2018
– £189 million) and a market value of £343 million. See Note 21 to the financial statements, ‘Investments in associates and joint ventures’.

Other investments

We held other investments with a
carrying value at 31 December 2019 of £1,837 million (2018 – £1,322 million). The highest value investments held at 31 December 2019 were in 23andMe, which had a book value at 31 December 2019 of
£227 million (2018 – £229 million), Progyny, Inc, which had a book value of £213 million (2018 – £21 million) and Theravance Biopharma, Inc., which had a book value at 31 December 2019 of
£189 million (2018 – £194 million). The other investments included equity stakes in companies with which we have research collaborations, and which provide access to biotechnology developments of potential interest and
interests in companies that arise from business divestments.

Derivative financial instruments: assets

We had current derivative financial assets held at fair value of £421 million (2018 – £188 million) and

non-current
 derivative financial assets held at fair value of £103 million (2018 –£69 million). £240 million of current derivative financial assets related to a derivative
embedded in the agreement to divest
Horlicks
 and other nutritional brands to Unilever plc. See Note 40 for further information. The majority of the remainder of these financial instruments related to foreign exchange contracts both designated
and not designated as accounting hedges.

Inventories

Inventory of £5,947 million increased from £5,476 million in 2018 primarily reflecting the higher inventory in Consumer Healthcare
following the Pfizer acquisition in the year, partly offset by the impact of exchange movements.

Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables of £7,202 million increased from £6,423 million in 2018, primarily reflecting the impact of higher sales,
particularly in Vaccines, partly offset by better collections and exchange movements.

Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets amounted to £4,096 million (2018 – £3,887 million) at 31 December 2019.

Derivative financial instruments: liabilities

We held
current and
non-current
 derivative financial liabilities at fair value of £189 million (2018 – £128 million). This primarily related to foreign exchange contracts both designated and not
designated as accounting hedges.

Trade and other payables

At 31 December 2019, trade and other payables were £14,939 million compared with £14,037 million at 31 December 2018. The
increase primarily reflected higher payables in Consumer Healthcare following the Pfizer acquisition in the year, partly offset by exchange movements.

Provisions

We carried deferred tax provisions and other
short-term and
non-current
 provisions of £5,101 million at 31 December 2019 (2018 – £2,579 million). Other provisions at the
year-end
 included
£198 million (2018 – £219 million) related to legal and other disputes and £505 million (2018 – £641 million) related to Major restructuring programmes. Provision has been made for legal and other
disputes, indemnified disposal liabilities, employee related liabilities and the costs of the restructuring programme to the extent that at the balance sheet date a legal or constructive obligation existed and could be reliably estimated.

32

Table of Contents

Pensions and other post-employment benefits

We account for pension and other post-employment arrangements in accordance with IAS 19. The net deficits were £1,921 million (2018 —
£995 million) on pension arrangements and £1,418 million (2018 – £1,379 million) on unfunded post-employment liabilities. See Note 30 to the financial statements, ‘Pensions and other post-employment benefits’.

Other
non-current
 liabilities

Other
non-current
 liabilities amounted to £844 million at 31 December 2019 (2018 – £938
million).

Contingent consideration liabilities

Contingent consideration amounted to £5,479 million at 31 December 2019 (2018 – £6,286 million), of which £5,103 million
(2018 – £5,937 million) represented the estimated present value of amounts payable to Shionogi relating to ViiV Healthcare and £339 million (2018 – £296 million) represented the estimated present value of contingent
consideration payable to Novartis related to the Vaccines acquisition.

The liability due to Shionogi included £222 million in respect of
preferential dividends. The liability for preferential dividends due to Pfizer at 31 December 2019 was £4 million (2018 – £15 million). An explanation of the accounting for the

non-controlling
 interests in ViiV Healthcare is set out above under “Reporting framework”.

Of the
contingent consideration payable (on a
post-tax
 basis) at 31 December 2019, £755 million (2018 – £837 million) is expected to be paid within one year. The consideration payable is
expected to be paid over a number of years. As a result, the total estimated liabilities are discounted to their present values, on a
post-tax
 basis using
post-tax

discount rates. The Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare contingent consideration liability is discounted at 8.5% and the Novartis Vaccines contingent consideration liability is discounted partly at 8% and partly at 9%.

Net debt

2019 £m   2018 £m
Cash, cash equivalents and liquid investments   4,786   3,958
Cash, cash equivalents reported in assets held for sale   507   485
Borrowings – repayable within one year   (6,918   )   (5,793   )
Borrowings – repayable after one year   (23,590   )   (20,271   )
Net debt   (25,215   )   (21,621   )

At 31 December 2019, net debt was £25.2 billion, compared with £21.6 billion at 31 December
2018. This comprised gross debt of £30.5 billion and cash and liquid investments of £5.3 billion, including £0.5 billion reported within Assets held for sale. Net debt increased due to the £3.9 billion
acquisition of Tesaro Inc as well as £0.2 billion of Tesaro net debt, together with the £1.3 billion impact from the implementation of IFRS 16, the dividend paid to shareholders of £4.0 billion and other net
investing activities of £0.1 billion, partly offset by £0.7 billion net favourable exchange impacts from the translation of
non-Sterling
 denominated debt and exchange on other financing
items and £5.1 billion of free cash flow.

At 31 December 2019, GSK had short-term borrowings (including overdrafts and lease liabilities)
repayable within 12 months of £6.9 billion, with loans of £3.2 billion repayable in the subsequent year.

At 31 December 2019,
GSK’s cash and liquid investments were held as follows:

2019 £m   2018 £m
Bank balances and deposits   2,565   1,853
Bank balances and deposits reported in assets held for sale   507   485
US Treasury and Treasury repo only money market funds   102   449
Liquidity funds   2,040   1,572
Cash and cash equivalents   5,214   4,359
Liquid investments – Government securities   79   84
5,293   4,443

Cash and liquid investments of £3.6 billion (2018 – £2.9 billion) were held centrally at
31 December 2019.

The analysis of cash and gross debt after the effects of hedging is as follows.

2019 £m   2018 £m
Cash and liquid investments   5,293   4,443
Gross debt – fixed 1   (25,064   )   (21,603   )
– floating   (5,444   )   (4,432   )
– non-interest bearing   —   (29   )
Net debt   (25,215   )   (21,621   )

1   Includes £2.1 billion equivalent of notes swapped from floating to fixed rates via interest rate
swaps.

33

Table of Contents

Movements in net debt

2019 £m   2018 £m
Net debt at beginning of year   (21,621   )   (13,178   )
Implementation of IFRS 16   (1,303   )   —
Net debt at beginning of year, as adjusted   (22,924   )   (13,178   )
Increase in cash and bank overdrafts   826   479
Decrease in liquid investments   (1   )   —
Increase in long-term loans   (4,794   )   (10,138   )
Net repayment of short-term loans   1,065   1,986
Repayment of lease liabilities   214   28
Debt of subsidiary undertakings acquired   (524   )   —
Exchange movements   1,015   (776   )
Other movements   (92   )   (22   )
Net debt at end of year   (25,215   )   (21,621   )

Interest rate benchmark reform

‘Interest rate benchmark reform – Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7’ was issued by the IASB in September 2019. These amendments modify
specific hedge accounting requirements to allow hedge accounting to continue for affected hedges during the period of uncertainty before the hedged items or hedging instruments affected by the current interest rate benchmarks are amended as a result
of the ongoing interest rate benchmark reforms.

At 31 December 2019, the Group was not directly exposed to interest rate benchmark reform as it held
no interest rate derivatives that referenced LIBOR and matured after the end of 2021 and all floating rate bonds were due to mature before the end of 2021.

The Group has closely monitored the market and the output from the various industry working groups managing the transition to new benchmark interest rates.
This includes announcements made by LIBOR regulators, including the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission, regarding the transition away from LIBOR (including GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and EURIBOR) to the
Sterling Overnight Index Average Rate (SONIA), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), and the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) respectively. The FCA has made it clear that, at the end of 2021, it will no longer seek to persuade, or compel,
banks to submit to LIBOR.

The Group is undertaking an interest rate benchmark transition programme to identify potential exposures within the business
and deliver a smooth transition to appropriate alternative benchmark rates.

Total equity

At 31 December 2019, total equity had increased from £3,672 million at 31 December 2018 to £18,357 million.

A summary of the movements in equity is set out below.

2019 £m   2018 £m
Total equity at beginning of year   3,672   3,489
Implementation of IFRS 15   (4   )
Implementation of IFRS 9   (11   )
Implementation of IFRS 16   (93   )
Total equity at beginning of year, as adjusted   3,579   3,474
Total comprehensive income for the year   3,701   4,300
Dividends to shareholders   (3,953   )   (3,927   )
Recognition of interest in Consumer Healthcare
Joint Venture   14,969   —
Ordinary shares issued   51   74
Changes in non-controlling interests   (10   )   —
De-recognition of liabilities with non-controlling interests   —   (62   )
Share-based incentive plans   365   360
Tax on share-based incentive plans   19   2
Contributions from non-controlling interests   —   21
Distributions to non-controlling interests   (364   )   (570   )
Total equity at end of year   18,357   3,672

Share purchases

No
shares were repurchased by the company during 2019. At 31 December 2019, GSK held 393.5 million shares as Treasury shares (2018 – 414.6 million shares), at a cost of £5,505 million (2018 – £5,800 million),
which has been deducted from retained earnings.

No ordinary shares were purchased in the period 1 January 2020 to 24 February 2020 and the
company does not expect to make any ordinary share repurchases in the remainder of 2020.

34

Table of Contents

In 2019, 21.1 million Treasury shares were transferred to the Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP)
Trusts. Shares are held by the Trusts to satisfy future exercises of options and awards under the Group share option and award schemes. A proportion of the shares held by the Trusts are in respect of awards where the rules of the scheme require us
to satisfy exercises through market purchases rather than the issue of new shares. The shares held by the Trusts are matched to options and awards granted.

At 31 December 2019, the ESOP Trusts held 36.4 million (2018 – 41.5 million) GSK shares against the future exercise of share options and share
awards. The carrying value of £135 million (2018 – £161 million) has been deducted from other reserves. The market value of these shares was £647 million (2018 – £619 million).

Contractual obligations and commitments

Financial
commitments are summarised in Note 35 to the financial statements, ‘Commitments’.

The following table sets out our contractual obligations and
commitments at 31 December 2019 as they fall due for payment.

Total   Under 1 yr   1-3 yrs   3-5 yrs   5 yrs+
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Loans   29,408   6,678   5,883   3,925   12,922
Interest on loans   8,952   780   1,409   1,159   5,604
Finance lease obligations   1,250   240   346   198   466
Future finance charges   223   41   66   42   74
Intangible assets   9,727   578   607   1,502   7,040
Property, plant & equipment   413   378   35   —   —
Investments   47   24   23   —   —
Purchase commitments   1,047   925   121   1   —
Pensions   163   75   88   —   —
Total   51,230   9,719   8,578   6,827   26,106

Commitments in respect of loans and future interest payable on loans are disclosed before taking into account the effect of
derivatives.

We have entered into a number of research collaborations to develop new compounds with other pharmaceutical companies. The terms of these
arrangements can include upfront fees, equity investments, loans and commitments to fund specified levels of research. In addition, we will often agree to make further payments if future ‘milestones’ are achieved.

As some of these agreements relate to compounds in the early stages of development, the potential obligation to make milestone payments will continue for a
number of years if the compounds move successfully through the development process. Generally, the closer the product is to marketing approval, the greater the probability of success. The amounts shown above within intangible assets represent the
maximum that would be paid if all milestones were achieved, and include £4.9 billion which relates to externalised projects in the discovery portfolio. There was an increase in the commitments in 2019 as a result of a number of new
R&D collaborations, including with Merck KgaA and Lyell Immunopharma.

In 2018, we reached an agreement with the trustees of the UK pension schemes to
make additional contributions, to assist in eliminating the pension deficit identified as part of the 31 December 2017 actuarial funding valuation. The table above includes this commitment but excludes the normal ongoing annual funding
requirement in the UK of approximately £130 million. For further information on pension obligations, see Note 30 to the financial statements, ‘Pensions and other post-employment benefits’.

Contingent liabilities

Other contingent liabilities are
set out in Note 34 to the financial statements, ‘Contingent liabilities’.

The following table sets out contingent liabilities, comprising
discounted bills, performance guarantees, letters of credit and other items arising in the normal course of business, and when they are expected to expire.

Total   Under 1 yr   1-3 yrs   3-5 yrs   5 yrs+
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Guarantees   32   4   11   3   14
Other contingent liabilities   65   10   17   8   30
Total   97   14   28   11   44

In the normal course of business, we have provided various indemnification guarantees in respect of business disposals in
which legal and other disputes have subsequently arisen. A provision is made where an outflow of resources is considered probable and a reliable estimate can be made of the likely outcome of the dispute and this is included in Note 31 to the
financial statements, ‘Other provisions’.

We provide for the outcome of tax, legal and other disputes when an outflow of resources is
considered probable and a reliable estimate of the outflow may be made. At 31 December 2019, other than for those disputes where provision has been made, it was not possible to make a reliable estimate of the potential outflow of funds that
might be required to settle disputes where the possibility of there being an outflow was more than remote.

The ultimate liability for such matters may
vary significantly from the amounts provided and is dependent upon negotiations with the relevant tax authorities and the outcome of litigation proceedings, where relevant. This is discussed further in ‘Principal risks and uncertainties’
under Item 3.D “Risk Factors” above and Note 46 to the financial statements, ‘Legal proceedings’.

35

Table of Contents

Treasury policies

We report in Sterling and pay dividends out of Sterling cash flows. The role of Treasury is to monitor and manage the Group’s external and internal
funding requirements and financial risks in support of our strategic objectives. GSK operates on a global basis, primarily through subsidiary companies, and we manage our capital to ensure that our subsidiaries are able to operate as going concerns
and to optimise returns to shareholders through an appropriate balance of debt and equity. Treasury activities are governed by policies approved annually by the Board of Directors, and most recently on 16 October 2019. A Treasury Management
Group (TMG) meeting, chaired by our Chief Financial Officer, takes place on a regular basis to review Treasury activities. Its members receive management information relating to these activities.

Treasury operations

The objective of GSK’s Treasury
activities is to minimise the
post-tax
 net cost of financial operations and reduce its volatility in order to benefit earnings and cash flows. GSK uses a variety of financial instruments to finance its
operations and derivative financial instruments to manage market risks from these operations. Derivatives principally comprise foreign exchange forward contracts and swaps which are used to swap borrowings and liquid assets into currencies required
for Group purposes, as well as interest rate swaps which are used to manage exposure to financial risks from changes in interest rates.

Derivatives are
used exclusively for hedging purposes in relation to underlying business activities and not as trading or speculative instruments.

Capital management

GSK’s financial strategy, implemented through the Group’s financial architecture, supports GSK’s strategic priorities and is regularly
reviewed by the Board. We manage the capital structure of the Group through an appropriate mix of debt and equity. We continue to manage our financial policies to a credit profile that particularly targets short-term credit ratings of
A-1
 and
P-1
 while maintaining single A long-term ratings consistent with those targets.

Liquidity risk management

GSK’s policy is to borrow
centrally in order to meet anticipated funding requirements. Our cash flow forecasts and funding requirements are monitored by the TMG on a regular basis. Our strategy is to diversify liquidity sources using a range of facilities and to maintain
broad access to financial markets.

Each day, we sweep cash from a number of global subsidiaries to central Treasury accounts for liquidity management
purposes.

Interest rate risk management

GSK’s
objective is to minimise the effective net interest cost and to balance the mix of debt at fixed and floating interest rates over time. The policy on interest rate risk management limits the net amount of floating rate debt to a specific cap,
reviewed and agreed no less than annually by the Board.

Foreign exchange risk management

Our objective is to minimise the exposure of overseas operating subsidiaries to transaction risk by matching local currency income with local currency costs
where possible. Foreign currency transaction exposures arising on external and internal trade flows are selectively hedged. GSK’s internal trading transactions are matched centrally and we manage inter-company payment terms to reduce foreign
currency risk. Where possible, we manage the cash surpluses or borrowing requirements of subsidiary companies centrally using forward contracts to hedge future repayments back into the originating currency.

In order to reduce foreign currency translation exposure, we seek to denominate borrowings in the currencies of our principal assets and cash flows. These are
primarily denominated in US Dollars, Euros and Sterling. Borrowings can be swapped into other currencies as required.

Borrowings denominated in, or
swapped into, foreign currencies that match investments in overseas Group assets may be treated as a hedge against the relevant assets. Forward contracts in major currencies are also used to reduce exposure to the Group’s investment in overseas
Group assets. The TMG reviews the ratio of borrowings to assets for major currencies regularly.

Counterparty risk management

We set global counterparty limits for each of our banking and investment counterparties based on long-term credit ratings from Moody’s and Standard and
Poor’s. Treasury’s usage of these limits is monitored daily by a Treasury Compliance Officer (TCO) who operates independently of Treasury. Any breach of these limits would be reported to the CFO immediately.

The TCO also monitors the credit rating of these counterparties and, when changes in ratings occur, notifies Treasury so that changes can be made to
investment levels or to authority limits as appropriate. In addition, relationship banks and their credit ratings are reviewed regularly and a report is presented annually to the TMG for approval.

Critical accounting policies

The consolidated
financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS, as adopted for use in the European Union, and also with IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), following the accounting policies approved by the Board and
described in Note 2 to the financial statements, ‘Accounting principles and policies’.

We are required to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses reported in the financial statements. Actual amounts and results could differ from those estimates.

36

Table of Contents

The critical accounting policies relate to the following areas:

•   Turnover

•   Taxation (Note 14)

•   Legal and other disputes (Notes 31 and 46)

•   Contingent consideration and put option liabilities (Notes 28 and 32)

•   Pensions and other post-employment benefits (Note 30)

•   Information on the judgements and estimates made in these areas is given in Note 3 to the financial statements,
‘Key accounting judgements and estimates’.

Turnover

In respect of the Turnover accounting policy, our largest business is US Pharmaceuticals, and the US market has the most complex arrangements for rebates,
discounts and allowances. The following briefly describes the nature of the arrangements in existence in our US Pharmaceuticals business:

•   We have arrangements with certain indirect customers whereby the customer is able to buy products from
wholesalers at reduced prices. A chargeback represents the difference between the invoice price to the wholesaler and the indirect customer’s contractual discounted price. Accruals for estimating chargebacks are calculated based on the terms of
each agreement, historical experience and product growth rates

•   Customer rebates are offered to key managed care and Group Purchasing Organisations and other direct and indirect
customers. These arrangements require the customer to achieve certain performance targets relating to the value of product purchased, formulary status or pre-determined market shares relative to competitors.
The accrual for customer rebates is estimated based on the specific terms in each agreement, historical experience and product growth rates

•   The US Medicaid programme is a state-administered programme providing assistance to certain poor and vulnerable
patients. In 1990, the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program was established to reduce State and Federal expenditure on prescription drugs. In 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act became law. We participate by providing rebates to states.
Accruals for Medicaid rebates are calculated based on the specific terms of the relevant regulations or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act

•   Cash discounts are offered to customers to encourage prompt payment. These are accrued for at the time of
invoicing and adjusted subsequently to reflect actual experience

•   We record an accrual for estimated sales returns by applying historical experience of customer returns to the
amounts invoiced, together with market-related information such as stock levels at wholesalers, anticipated price increases and competitor activity.

A reconciliation of gross turnover to net turnover for the US Pharmaceuticals business is as follows:

2019   2018   2017
£m   Margin %   £m   Margin %   £m   Margin %
Gross turnover   18,471   100   18,227   100   16,365   100
Market-driven segments   (5,976   )   (32   )   (5,147   )   (28   )   (4,040   )   (25   )
Government mandated and state programmes   (4,264   )   (23   )   (4,594   )   (25   )   (3,933   )   (24   )
Cash discounts   (356   )   (2   )   (361   )   (2   )   (330   )   (2   )
Customer returns   (141   )   (1   )   (98   )   (1   )   (97   )   (1   )
Prior year adjustments   247   1   98   1   86   1
Other prior year items   —   —   (59   )   —   (23   )   —
Other items   (579   )   (3   )   (613   )   (4   )   (460   )   (3   )
Total deductions   (11,069   )   (60   )   (10,774   )   (59   )   (8,797   )   (54   )
Net turnover   7,402   40   7,453   41   7,568   46

Market-driven segments consist primarily of Managed Care and Medicare plans with which we negotiate contract pricing that is
honoured via rebates and chargebacks. Mandated segments consist primarily of Medicaid and Federal Government programmes which receive government-mandated pricing via rebates and chargebacks.

The increased deductions in the market-driven segments of the gross turnover to net turnover reconciliation primarily reflected higher rebates and chargebacks
on respiratory products, and on
Advair
 in particular. A generic version of
Advair
 was launched in February 2019, and during the year
Advair
 accounted for 7% of US Pharmaceuticals turnover and approximately 27% of the total
deduction for rebates and returns. The respiratory portfolio as a whole, including Established Respiratory products, accounted for approximately 79% of the total deduction in the year.

The balance sheet accruals for rebates, discounts, allowances and returns for the US Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines businesses are managed on a combined basis.
At 31 December 2019, the total accrual amounted to £4,200 million (2018 – £4,356 million).

37

Table of Contents

A monthly process is operated to monitor inventory levels at wholesalers for any abnormal movements. This
process uses gross sales volumes, prescription volumes based on third party data sources and information received from key wholesalers. The aim of this is to maintain inventories at a consistent level from year to year based on the pattern of
consumption.

On this basis, US Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines inventory levels at wholesalers and in other distribution channels at 31 December 2019
were estimated to amount to approximately four weeks of turnover. This calculation uses third party information, the accuracy of which cannot be totally verified, but is believed to be sufficiently reliable for this purpose.

Legal and other disputes

In respect of the accounting
policy for Legal and other disputes, the following briefly describes the process by which we determine the level of provision that is necessary.

In
accordance with the requirements of IAS 37, ‘Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets’, we provide for anticipated settlement costs where an outflow of resources is considered probable and a reliable estimate may be made of
the likely outcome of the dispute and legal and other expenses arising from claims against the Group.

We may become involved in significant legal
proceedings, in respect of which it is not possible to make a reliable estimate of the expected financial effect, if any, that could result from ultimate resolution of the proceedings. In these cases, appropriate disclosure about such cases would be
included in the Annual Report, but no provision would be made.

This position could change over time and, therefore, there can be no assurance that any
losses that result from the outcome of any legal proceedings will not exceed by a material amount the amount of the provisions reported in the Group’s financial statements.

Like many pharmaceutical companies, we are faced with various complex product liability, anti-trust and patent litigation, as well as investigations of our
operations conducted by various governmental regulatory agencies. Throughout the year, the General Counsel of the Group, as head of the Group’s legal function, and the Senior Vice President and Head of Global Litigation for the Group, who is
responsible for all litigation and government investigations, routinely brief the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Board of Directors on the significant litigation pending against the Group and governmental investigations
of the Group.

These meetings, as appropriate, detail the status of significant litigation and government investigations and review matters such as the
number of claims notified to us, information on potential claims not yet notified, assessment of the validity of claims, progress made in settling claims, recent settlement levels and potential reimbursement by insurers.

The meetings also include an assessment of whether or not there is sufficient information available for us to be able to make a reliable estimate of the
potential outcomes of the disputes. Often, external counsel assisting us with various litigation matters and investigations will also assist in the briefing of the Board and senior management. Following these discussions, for those matters where it
is possible to make a reliable estimate of the amount of a provision, if any, that may be required, the level of provision for legal and other disputes is reviewed and adjusted as appropriate. These matters are discussed further in Note 46 to the
financial statements, ‘Legal proceedings’.

Please refer to the “Financial review 2018” of the GSK Annual Report on Form 20-F for the
year ended 31 December 2018 for a comparative discussion of 2018 financial results compared to 2017.

5.B   Liquidity and capital resources

The information set forth under the headings “Cash generation and conversion,” “Financial position and resources” and
“Treasury policies” in Item 5.A of this annual report on Form 20-F is incorporated herein by reference.

The information set
forth under the headings:

•   “Note 35 – Commitments” on page 216; and

•   “Note 43 – Financial instruments and related disclosures” on pages 227 to 243

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

5.C   Research and development, patents and licenses, etc.

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Innovation” within:

○   “Our long-term priorities” on the Inside front cover;

○   the “Chairman’s statement” on page 3;

○   “Our long-term priorities” on page 9;

○   “Pharmaceuticals” on pages 17 to 21;

○   “Vaccines” on pages 23 to 25; and

○   “Consumer Healthcare” on pages 27 to 28;

•   “Performance” within:

○   “Our long-term priorities” on the Inside front cover;

○   “Our long-term priorities” on page 9 (excluding the pro-forma figure in the first bullet point under
the sub-heading “2019 progress” under “Performance”);

○   “Pharmaceuticals” on page 22;

○   “Vaccines” on page 26; and

○   “Consumer Healthcare” on pages 28 to 29 (excluding the second sentence in the first paragraph under the
sub-heading “Performance” on page 28);

•   “Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines product development pipeline” on pages 269 to 271;

•   “Pharmaceutical products, competition and intellectual property” on pages 272 to 273;

•   “Vaccines products, competition and intellectual property” on page 273; and

•   “Consumer Healthcare products and competition” on page 274

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

5.D   Trend information

The information set forth under the heading “Group Financial Review” in Item 5.A of this annual report on Form
20-F
 is incorporated herein by reference.

38

Table of Contents

5.E   Off-balance sheet arrangements

Not applicable.

5.F   Tabular disclosure of contractual obligations

The information set forth under the heading “Contractual obligations and commitments” in Item 5.A on this annual report on Form 20-F
is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 6.   Directors, Senior Management and Employee s

6.A   Directors and senior management

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Our Board” on pages 79 to 81; and

•   “Our Corporate Executive Team” on pages 82 to 83

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

6.B   Compensation

•   “Remuneration report” on pages 115 to 150 (excluding the words after “CER” in the third
bullet point in the table titled “Financial performance” on page 122);

•   “2020 Remuneration policy summary” on page 140; and

•   “Remuneration policy report” on pages 141 to 150

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

6.C   Board practices

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “Corporate governance” on pages 75 to 114 (excluding the heading and the information under the heading
“Section 172 statement” on pages 111 to 112); and

•   “Additional remuneration disclosures” on page 128; and

•   “Donations to political organisations and political expenditure” on page 298

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

6.D   Employees

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Note 9 – Employee costs” on page 185;

•   “Note 30 – Pensions and other post-employment benefits” on pages 205 to 213; and

•   “Number of employees” under “Five year record” on page 265

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

6.E   Share ownership

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Note 44 – Employee share schemes” on pages 244 to 245;

•   “2019 Total remuneration” on pages 119 to 120;

•   “Value earned from Long Term Incentives (LTIs)” on page 124;

•   “Update on performance of ongoing LTI awards” and “Performance updates” on page 125; and

•   “Directors’ interests in shares” on pages 137 to 138

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7 .   Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions

7.A   Major shareholders

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Change of control and essential contracts” on page 113;

•   “Share capital and control” on pages 288 to 289; and

•   “Analysis of shareholdings at 31 December 2019” on page 290

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

7.B   Related party transactions

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “Note 39 – Related party transactions” on page 222

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

39

Table of Contents

7.C   Interests of experts and counsel

Not applicable.

Item 8.   Financial Information

8.A   Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information:

See Item 18 below.

In
addition, the information set forth under the headings:

•   “Note 46 – Legal proceedings” on pages 247 to 251; and

•   “Dividends” on page 290

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

8.B   Significant Changes

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “Note 46 – Legal proceedings” on pages 247 to 251

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.   The Offer and Listing

9.A   Offer and listing details

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Market capitalisation” on page 289; and

•   “Nature of trading market” on page 289

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

The trading symbol for GSK’s Ordinary Shares of 25p each on the London Stock Exchange is GSK.L and the trading symbol for GSK’s ADSs
on the New York Stock Exchange is GSK.

9.B   Plan of distribution

Not applicable.

9.C   Market s

The information set forth under the headings:

•   The second paragraph under “Share capital and control” on page 288; and

•   “Nature of trading market” on page 289

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

9.D   Selling shareholders

Not applicable.

9.E   Dilution

Not applicable.

9.F   Expenses of the issue

Not applicable.

Item 10.   Additional Information

10.A   Share Capital

Not applicable.

10.B   Articles of Association of GlaxoSmithKline plc

The following is a summary of the principal provisions of the company’s Articles of Association (the “Articles”). Shareholders
should not rely on this summary, but should instead refer to the current Articles which are filed with the Registrar of Companies in the UK and can be viewed on the company’s website. The Articles contain the fundamental provisions of the
company’s constitution, and the rules for the internal management and control of the company. The company has no statement of objects in its Articles and accordingly its objects are unrestricted in accordance with the provisions of the
Companies Act 2006.

40

Table of Contents

(a) Voting

All resolutions put to the vote at general meetings, including electronic general meetings (see paragraph (h)), will be decided by poll. On a
poll, every shareholder who is present in person or by proxy or, in the case of an electronic general meeting, who participates or is represented by proxy via an electronic platform shall have one vote for every Ordinary Share of which he or she is
the holder. In the case of joint holders of a share, the vote of the senior who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order
in which the names stand on the register. Unless the Directors otherwise decide, the right to attend a general meeting and voting rights may not be exercised by a shareholder who has not paid to the company all calls and other sums then payable by
him or her in respect of his or her Ordinary Shares. The right to attend a general meeting and voting rights may not be exercised by a shareholder who is subject to an order under Section 794 of the Companies Act 2006 because he or she has
failed to provide the company with information concerning his or her interests in Ordinary Shares within the prescribed period, as required by Section 793 of the Companies Act 2006.

(b) Transfer of Ordinary Shares

Any shareholder may transfer his or her Ordinary Shares which are in certificated form by an instrument of transfer in any usual form or in
any other form which the Directors may approve. Such instrument must be properly signed and stamped or certified (or otherwise shown to the satisfaction of the Directors as being exempt from stamp duty) and lodged with the company together with the
relevant share certificate(s) and such other evidence as the Directors may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer.

Any member may transfer title to his or her uncertificated Ordinary Shares by means of a relevant system, such as CREST.

The transferor of a share is deemed to remain the holder until the transferee’s name is entered on the register. The Directors may
decline to register any transfer of any Ordinary Share which is not fully paid.

Registration of a transfer of uncertificated Ordinary
Shares may be refused in the circumstances set out in the uncertificated securities rules, and where, in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the number of joint holders to whom the uncertificated Ordinary Share is to be transferred exceeds
four.

The Articles contain no other restrictions on the transfer of fully paid certificated Ordinary Shares provided: (i) the
instrument of transfer is duly stamped or certified or otherwise shown to the satisfaction of the Directors to be exempt from stamp duty and is accompanied by the relevant share certificate and such other evidence of the right to transfer as the
Directors may reasonably require; (ii) the transfer, if to joint transferees, is in favour of not more than four transferees; (iii) the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of shares; and (iv) the holder of the
Ordinary Shares is not subject to an order under Section 794 of the Companies Act 2006. Notice of refusal to register a transfer must be sent to the transferee within two months of the instrument of transfer being lodged. The Directors may
decline to register a transfer of Ordinary Shares by a person holding 0.25 per cent. or more of the existing Ordinary Shares if such person is subject to an order under Section 794 Companies Act 2006, after failure to provide the company
with information concerning interests in those Ordinary Shares required to be provided under Section 793 of the Companies Act 2006, unless the transfer is carried out pursuant to an arm’s length sale.

Provisions in the Articles will not apply to uncertificated Ordinary Shares to the extent that they are inconsistent with:

(i)   the holding of Ordinary Shares in uncertificated form;

(ii)   the transfer of title to Ordinary Shares by means of a system such as CREST; and

(iii)   any provisions of the relevant regulations.

(c) Dividends and distribution of assets on liquidation

The profits of the company which are available for distribution and permitted by law to be distributed and which the company may by ordinary
resolution from time to time declare, upon the recommendation of the Directors to distribute by way of dividend, in respect of any accounting reference period shall be distributed by way of dividend among holders of Ordinary Shares.

If in their opinion the company’s financial position justifies such payments, the Directors may, as far as any applicable legislation
allows, pay interim dividends on shares of any class of such amounts and in respect of such periods as they think fit. Except in so far as the rights attaching to, or the terms of issue of, any share otherwise provide, all dividends will be
declared, apportioned and paid pro rata according to the amounts paid up on the shares during any portion of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid. As the company has only one class of Ordinary Shares, the holders of such Ordinary
Shares will be entitled to participate in any surplus assets on a
winding-up
 in proportion to their shareholdings.

(d) Variation of rights and changes in capital

Subject to the provisions of any statute (including any orders, regulations or other subordinate legislation made under it) from time to time
in force concerning companies in so far as it applies to the company (the “Companies Acts”), the rights attached to any class of shares may be varied with the written consent of the holders of

41

Table of Contents

three-quarters in nominal value of the issued shares of that class (excluding any shares of that class held as treasury shares) or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a separate
meeting of the holders of shares of that class. At every such separate meeting, the provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply, except the necessary quorum shall be at least two persons entitled to vote and holding or
representing as proxy at least
one-third
 in nominal value of the issued shares of the relevant class (excluding any shares of that class held as treasury shares) (but provided that at any adjourned meeting one
holder of shares of the relevant class present in person or by proxy shall be a quorum).

The rights conferred upon the holders of any
Ordinary Shares shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided in the rights attaching to those Ordinary Shares, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking pari passu with them.

(e) Unclaimed dividends

All
dividends or other sums payable on or in respect of any Ordinary Shares which remain unclaimed may be invested or otherwise made use of by the Directors for the benefit of the company until claimed. Unless the Directors decide otherwise, any
dividend or other sums payable on or in respect of any Ordinary Shares unclaimed after a period of 12 years from the date when declared or became due for payment will be forfeited and revert to the company. The company may stop sending dividend
cheques or warrants by post, or employ such other means of payment in respect of any Ordinary Shares, if at least two consecutive payments have remained uncashed or are returned undelivered or if one payment has remained uncashed or is returned
undelivered and the company cannot establish a new address for the holder after making reasonable enquiries; however, in either case, the company must resume sending cheques or warrants or employ such other means of payment if the holder or any
person entitled to the Ordinary Shares by transmission requests the resumption in writing.

(f) Untraced shareholders

The company may sell any certificated Ordinary Shares in the company after using reasonable efforts to trace the holder of, or person entitled
by transmission to, the Ordinary Shares and sending a notice to the registered address or last known address of the holder or other person entitled in accordance with the requirements of the Articles and waiting for three months if the Ordinary
Shares have been in issue for at least ten years and during that period at least three dividends have become payable on them and have not been claimed or satisfied and, so far as any Director is aware, the company has not received any communication
from the holder of the Ordinary Shares or any person entitled to them by transmission. Upon any such sale, the company will become indebted to the former holder of the Ordinary Shares or the person entitled to them by transmission for an amount
equal to the net proceeds of sale unless and until forfeited. If no valid claim for the money has been received by the company during a period of six years from the date on which the relevant shares were sold by the company, the money will be
forfeited and will belong to the company.

(g) Limitations on rights of
non-resident
 or foreign
shareholders

There are no limitations imposed by the Articles on the rights of
non-resident
 or
foreign shareholders except that there is no requirement for the company to serve notices on shareholders outside the United Kingdom and the United States, if no postal address in the United States or United Kingdom has been provided to the company.
The company may choose not to serve, send or supply any notice to a particular shareholder where it considers this necessary or appropriate to deal with legal, regulatory or practical problems in, or under the laws of, any territory.

(h) General meetings of shareholders

The Articles rely on the Companies Act 2006 provisions dealing with the calling of general meeting. The company is required by the Companies
Act 2006 to hold an annual general meeting each year. General meetings of shareholders may be called as necessary by the Directors and must be called promptly upon receipt of a requisition from shareholders. Under the Companies Act 2006, an annual
general meeting must be called by notice of at least 21 clear days. A general meeting other than an annual general meeting may be called on not less than 14 clear days’ notice provided a special resolution reducing the notice period to 14 clear
days has been passed at the immediately preceding annual general meeting or a general meeting held since that annual general meeting. The Directors may determine that a general meeting shall be held as a physical meeting or in combination with an
electronic platform or platforms that enables members to participate in the meeting without physically attending (an electronic general meeting).

(i) Conflicts of interest

The
Directors may, subject to the provisions of the Articles, authorise any matter which would otherwise involve a Director breaching his or her duty under the Companies Acts to avoid conflicts of interest (each a “Conflict”). A Director
seeking authorisation in respect of a Conflict shall declare to the other Directors the nature and extent of his or her Conflict as soon as is reasonably practicable and shall provide the other Directors with such details of the matter as are
necessary to decide how to address the Conflict. The board may resolve to authorise the

42

Table of Contents

relevant Director in relation to any matter the subject of a Conflict, save that the relevant Director and any other Director with a similar interest shall not count towards the quorum nor vote
on any resolution giving such authority, and, if the other Directors so decide, shall be excluded from any meeting of the Directors while the Conflict is under consideration.

(j) Other Conflicts of Interest

Subject to the provisions of the Companies Acts, and provided the nature and extent of a Director’s interest has been declared to the
Directors, a Director may:

(i)   be party to, or otherwise interested in, any contract with the company, or in which the company has a direct or
indirect interest;

(ii)   hold any other office or place of profit with the company (except that of auditor) in conjunction with his
office of director for such period and upon such terms, including remuneration, as the Directors may decide;

(iii)   act by himself or through a firm with which he is associated in a professional capacity for the company or any
other company in which the company may be interested (otherwise than as auditor);

(iv)   be or become a director of, or employed by, or otherwise be interested in any holding company or subsidiary
company of the company or any other company in which the company may be interested; and

(v)   be or become a director of any other company in which the company does not have an interest and which cannot
reasonably be regarded as giving rise to a conflict of interest at the time of his appointment as director of that other company.

No contract in which a Director is interested shall be liable to be avoided, and any Director who is so interested is not liable to account to
the company or its shareholders for any benefit realised by the contract by reason of the Director holding that office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. However, no Director may vote on, or be counted in the quorum, in relation
to any resolution of the board relating specifically to his or her own appointment (including remuneration) or the terms of his or her termination of appointment or relating to any contract in which he or she has an interest (subject to certain
exceptions).

Subject to the Companies Acts, the company may by ordinary resolution suspend or relax to any extent the provisions relating
to directors’ interests or restrictions on voting or ratify any transaction not duly authorised by reason of a contravention of such provisions.

(k) Directors’ remuneration

Each of the Directors will be paid a fee at such rate as may from time to time be determined by the Directors, but the total fees paid to all
of the directors for acting as directors (including amounts paid to any director who acts as chairman or is chairman of, or serves on any committee of the board of directors but excluding any amounts paid under any other provision of the Articles)
shall not exceed the higher of:

(i)   £3 million a year; and

(ii)   any higher amount as the company may by ordinary resolution decide. Such fees may be satisfied in cash or in
shares or any other non-cash form. Any Director who is appointed to any executive office, acts as Chairman, acts as senior independent director, acts as a scientific/medical expert on the board, is Chairman
of, or serves on any committee of the Directors or performs any other services which the Directors consider to extend beyond the ordinary services of a Director shall be entitled to receive such remuneration (whether by way of salary, commission or
otherwise) as the Directors may decide. Each Director may be paid reasonable travelling, hotel and other incidental expenses he or she incurs in attending and returning from meetings of the Directors or committees of the Directors, or general
meetings of the company, or otherwise incurred in connection with the performance of his or her duties for the company.

(l) Pensions and gratuities for Directors

The Directors or any committee authorised by the Directors may provide benefits by the payment of gratuities, pensions or insurance or in any
other manner for any Director or former Director or their relations, connected persons or dependants, but no benefits (except those provided for by the Articles) may be granted to or in respect of a Director or former Director who has not been
employed by or held an executive office or place of profit under the company or any of its subsidiary undertakings or their respective predecessors in business without the approval of an ordinary resolution of the company.

(m) Borrowing powers

Subject
to the provisions of the Companies Act 2006, the Directors may exercise all the company’s powers to borrow money; to mortgage or charge all or any of the company’s undertaking, property (present and future), and uncalled capital; to issue
debentures and other securities; and to give security either outright or as collateral security for any debt, liability or obligation of the company or of any third party.

43

Table of Contents

(n) Retirement and removal of Directors

A Director is subject to
re-election
 at every annual general meeting of the company

In addition to any power of removal conferred by the Companies Acts the company may by special resolution remove any Director before the
expiration of his or her period of office. No Director is required to retire by reason of his or her age, nor do any special formalities apply to the appointment or
re-election
 of any Director who is over any
age limit. No shareholding qualification for Directors shall be required.

(o) Vacation of office

The office of a director shall be vacated if:

(i)   he resigns or offers to resign, and the board resolves to accept such offer;

(ii)   his resignation is requested by all of the other directors and all of the other directors are not less than
three in number;

(iii)   he is or has been suffering from mental or physical ill health and the board resolves that his office be
vacated;

(iv)   he is absent without permission of the board from meetings of the board (whether or not an alternate director
appointed by him attends) for six consecutive months and the board resolves that his office is vacated;

(v)   he becomes bankrupt or compounds with his creditors generally;

(vi)   he is prohibited by law from being a director; or

(vii)   he is removed from office pursuant to the Articles or the Companies Acts.

(p) Share rights

Subject to any
rights attached to existing shares, shares may be issued with such rights and restrictions as the company may by ordinary resolution decide, or (if there is no such resolution or so far as it does not make specific provision) as the board may
decide. Such rights and restrictions shall apply as if they were set out in the Articles. Redeemable shares may be issued, subject to any rights attached to existing shares. The board may determine the terms, conditions and manner of redemption of
any redeemable share so issued. Such terms and conditions shall apply to the relevant shares as if they were set out in the Articles. Subject to the articles, any resolution passed by the shareholders and other shareholders’ rights, the Board
may decide how to offer, allot, grant options over or otherwise deal with any shares in the company.

10.C   Material contracts

Agreements with Novartis

On April 22, 2014, GSK and Novartis AG (“Novartis”) entered into a three-part, inter-conditional transaction, pursuant to which
they executed an implementation agreement, a contribution agreement relating to a consumer healthcare joint venture, a share and business sale agreement relating to the vaccines business of Novartis, a sale and purchase agreement relating to the
oncology business of GSK, a put option deed relating to the influenza vaccines business of Novartis and a shareholders’ agreement. GSK’s shareholders approved the Transaction on December 18, 2014. The transaction closed on
March 2, 2015.

Under the terms of the shareholders’ agreement, Novartis had the right to require GSK to purchase its shares in
the consumer healthcare joint venture. On June 1, 2018, GSK acquired 100% of the shares in GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings Limited (“GSK Consumer Healthcare”) following cancellation of Novartis’s shares under the
terms of a put option implementation agreement among GSK, Novartis and GSK Consumer Healthcare, among others.

GSK continues to have
obligations to pay further sales and milestone-based consideration to Novartis under the share and business sale agreement relating to the vaccines business of Novartis.

Agreement with Pfizer

On
December 19, 2018, GSK, GSK Consumer Healthcare and Pfizer Inc. (“Pfizer”) entered into a Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement (the “SAPA”) pursuant to which the parties agreed to form a consumer healthcare joint venture
through the acquisition by GSK Consumer Healthcare from Pfizer of Pfizer’s consumer healthcare business and the transfer by GSK to GSK Consumer Healthcare of those parts of the GSK consumer healthcare business not already part of GSK Consumer
Healthcare as of the date of the SAPA (with certain limited exceptions). As consideration for the acquisition of its consumer healthcare business, Pfizer received shares in GSK Consumer Healthcare representing a 32% ownership interest in the joint
venture. GSK retained a controlling interest in GSK Consumer Healthcare of 68%. On July 31, 2019, the parties entered into an amendment to the SAPA, pursuant to which: (i)

44

Table of Contents

GSK Consumer Healthcare transferred by novation to GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings (No. 2) Limited (“GSK Consumer Healthcare (No. 2)”) all rights, title, interest,
obligations duties and liabilities of GSK Consumer Healthcare under and in respect of the SAPA, (ii) the parties released GSK Consumer Healthcare from its obligations under the SAPA in exchange for GSK Consumer Healthcare (No. 2)’s
assumption thereof and (iii) certain other amendments to the SAPA and other arrangements in connection with the closing of the transaction, including in relation to the delayed legal completion of the transaction in a number of jurisdictions
due to regulatory constraints. The transaction closed on July 31, 2019.

Each of GSK and Pfizer has given customary and broadly
reciprocal representations and warranties to each other under the SAPA. GSK and Pfizer have agreed to indemnify each other and GSK Consumer Healthcare (No. 2) (as applicable) in respect of losses (other than certain losses arising from tax matters,
which are subject to a specific indemnity under the SAPA) relating to: (i) certain liabilities which the parties have agreed will be retained by GSK or Pfizer; (ii) any breach of their respective covenants or agreements under the SAPA or
the related ancillary agreements implementing the SAPA; or (iii) any breach of their respective representations and warranties given under the SAPA or the related ancillary agreements implementing the SAPA as of the date of completion of the
transaction. GSK Consumer Healthcare (No. 2) has agreed to indemnify GSK and Pfizer in respect of losses (other than certain losses arising from tax matters, which are subject to a specific indemnity under the SAPA) relating to: (i) liabilities
which GSK Consumer Healthcare (No. 2) has agreed to assume in connection with the transaction; (ii) liabilities resulting from the conduct of GSK Consumer Healthcare’s business other than those liabilities that GSK has agreed to retain in
connection with the transaction; and (iii) any breach of GSK Consumer Healthcare (No.2)’s post-completion covenants or agreements under the SAPA or the related ancillary agreements implementing the SAPA.

In connection with the closing of the transaction on July 31, 2019, GSK, Pfizer, GSK Consumer Healthcare and GSK Consumer Healthcare (No.
2) entered into a Shareholders’ Agreement in relation to the consumer healthcare joint venture (the “Shareholders’ Agreement”). Under the terms of the Shareholders’ Agreement, GSK has the right to appoint six directors to
the board of the joint venture and the right to appoint the chair of the board of the joint venture, and Pfizer has the right to appoint three directors to the board of the joint venture. The Shareholders’ Agreement contains a list of customary
reserved matters that may not be undertaken by the joint venture without the prior approval of Pfizer.

The joint venture is permitted to
make external borrowings up to an aggregate amount of £300 million, with external borrowings in excess of this level requiring Pfizer’s consent. In the event that the joint venture requires additional funding, the funding will be
requested from GSK and Pfizer pro rata to their respective shareholdings. GSK and Pfizer will each be entitled to provide all (but not some only) of its proportion of the requested funds, but neither party will be obliged to provide such funding.
Dividends will be paid to the shareholders in proportion to their respective interests in ordinary shares, and all readily available cash in excess of an agreed base cash figure of £300 million will be distributed subject to the
availability of distributable reserves, there being no outstanding shareholder loans and after the payment of any dividends required to be paid on certain
low-coupon
 preference shares held by GSK.

Under the Shareholders’ Agreement, each of GSK and Pfizer have agreed, subject to customary carve-outs, not to compete with the business
of the consumer healthcare joint venture for a period of three years after completion of the transaction and not to acquire a business or interest in an entity in a competing business of the joint venture for six years after completion of the
transaction.

At any time from completion of the transaction, GSK will have the right to require the listing and admission to trading of
the shares of GSK Consumer Healthcare on the London Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange (a “Separation”). From five years from completion of the transaction, Pfizer will have the right to require a
Separation. From 15 years after completion of the transaction, GSK will be entitled to require Pfizer to sell to GSK its entire shareholding in the consumer healthcare joint venture at a price reflecting the fully distributed public trading equity
value of the joint venture at the relevant time. Neither GSK nor Pfizer may transfer its shares in the joint venture without the other’s consent.

The Shareholders’ Agreement will terminate immediately in the event that (i) only GSK or Pfizer remain holding shares in the joint
venture or (ii) the shares of the joint venture have been listed and admitted to trading on a recognized stock exchange.

10.D   Exchange controls

The information set forth under the heading “Exchange controls and other limitations affecting security holders” on page 288 of the
GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

10.E   Taxation

The information set forth under the heading “Tax information for shareholders” on pages 292 to 293 of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is
incorporated herein by reference.

45

Table of Contents

10.F   Dividends and paying agents

Not applicable.

10.G   Statement by experts

Not applicable.

10.H   Documents on display

The information set forth under the heading “Documents on display” on page 291 of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein
by reference.

10.I   Subsidiary information

Not applicable.

Item 11 .   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

The information set forth under the heading “Treasury policies” in Item 5.A of this annual report in Form 20-F is incorporated herein
by reference.

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “Note 43 – Financial instruments and related disclosures” on pages 227 to 243

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12.   Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities

12.A   Debt Securities

Not applicable.

12.B   Warrants and Rights

Not applicable.

12.C   Other Securities

Not applicable.

12.D   American Depositary Shares

Fees and charges payable by ADR holders

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. serves as the depositary (the “Depositary”) for GSK’s American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”)
programme. On July 29, 2019, GSK and the Depositary amended and restated the deposit agreement (the “Deposit Agreement”) between GSK, the Depositary and owners and holders of ADRs. Pursuant to the Deposit Agreement, ADR holders may be
required to pay various fees to the Depositary, and the Depositary may refuse to provide any service for which a fee is assessed until the applicable fee has been paid. In particular, the Depositary, under the terms of the Deposit Agreement, shall
charge (i) a fee of $5.00 per 100 American Depositary Shares (or portion thereof) for the issuance, delivery, reduction, cancellation or surrender (as the case may be) of American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”), (ii) a fee of
U.S.$0.05 or less per ADS held (A) upon which any cash distribution is made pursuant to the Deposit Agreement or (B) in the case of an elective cash/stock dividend, upon which a cash distribution or an issuance of additional ADSs is made
as a result of such elective dividend, (iii) a fee for the distribution or sale of securities, such fee being in an amount equal to the fee for the execution and delivery of ADSs referred to above which would have been charged as a result of
the deposit of such securities but which securities or the net cash proceeds from the sale thereof are instead distributed by the Depositary to ADR holders entitled thereto, (iv) an aggregate fee of U.S.$0.05 or less per ADS per calendar year
(or portion thereof) for services performed by the Depositary in administering the ADRs (which fee may be charged on a periodic basis during each calendar year and shall be assessed against ADR holders as of the record date or record dates set by
the Depositary during each calendar year and shall be payable at the sole discretion of the Depositary by billing such Holders or by deducting such charge from one or more cash dividends or other cash distributions), and (v) a fee for the
reimbursement of such fees, charges and expenses as are incurred by the Depositary and/or any of its agents (including, without limitation, the agent or agents of the Depositary (the “Custodian”) and expenses incurred on behalf of ADR
holders in connection with compliance with foreign exchange control regulations or any law or regulation relating to foreign investment) in connection with the servicing of the ordinary shares or other Deposited Securities, the sale of securities
(including, without limitation, Deposited Securities), the delivery of Deposited Securities or otherwise in connection with the Depositary’s or its Custodian’s compliance with applicable law, rule or regulation (which fees and charges
shall be assessed on a proportionate basis against ADR holders as of the record date or dates set by the Depositary and shall be payable at the sole discretion of the Depositary by billing such ADR holders or by deducting such charge from one or
more cash dividends or other cash distributions).

46

Table of Contents

GSK will pay other charges and out of pocket expenses of the Depositary and any agent of the
Depositary (except the Custodian) as specified in written agreements from time to time between GSK and the Depositary, except (i) stock transfer or other taxes and other governmental charges (which are payable by ADR holders or persons
depositing ordinary shares), (ii) SWIFT, cable, telex and facsimile transmission and delivery charges incurred at the request of persons depositing, or ADR holders delivering ordinary shares, ADRs or Deposited Securities (which are payable by such
persons or ADR holders), (iii) transfer or registration fees for the registration or transfer of Deposited Securities on any applicable register in connection with the deposit or withdrawal of Deposited Securities (which are payable by persons
depositing ordinary shares or ADR holders withdrawing Deposited Securities) and (iv) in connection with the conversion of foreign currency into U.S. dollars, the Depositary shall deduct out of such foreign currency the fees, expenses and other
charges charged by it and/or its agent (which may be a division, branch or affiliate) so appointed in connection with such conversion. The Depositary and/or its agent may act as principal for such conversion of foreign currency. Such charges may at
any time and from time to time be changed by agreement between GSK and the Depositary.

Direct and indirect payments by the Depositary

The Depositary anticipates reimbursing GSK for certain expenses incurred by GSK that are related to the establishment and maintenance of the
ADR program upon such terms and conditions as GSK and the Depositary may agree from time to time. The Depositary may make available to GSK a set amount or a portion of the Depositary fees charged in respect of the ADR program or otherwise upon such
terms and conditions as GSK and the Depositary may agree from time to time. In 2019, The Bank of New York, the depositary under the Deposit Agreement prior to the appointment of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. on July 29, 2019, made payments to GSK
of approximately $7.55 million,. The Depositary made a payment of approximately $3.34 million in 2020 which were related to expenses reimbursed and fees collected in connection with services provided in 2019.

Under certain circumstances, including removal of the Depositary or termination of the ADR program by GSK, GSK is required to repay certain
amounts paid to GSK and to compensate the Depositary for payments made or services provided on behalf of GSK.

PART II

Item 13.   Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies

Not applicable.

Item 14.   Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds

Not applicable.

Item 15.   Controls and Procedures

The information set forth under the heading “Internal framework for control and risk management developments” on pages 97 to 98 of
the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

US law and regulation

A number of provisions of US law and regulation apply to the company because our shares are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange (the
“NYSE”) in the form of American Depositary Shares.

NYSE rules

In general, the NYSE rules permit the company to follow UK corporate governance practices instead of those applied in the USA, provided that we
explain any significant variations. This explanation is contained in Item 16.G of this Form
20-F.
 NYSE rules that came into effect in 2005 require us to file annual and interim written affirmations concerning
the Audit & Risk Committee and our statement on significant differences in corporate governance.

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Following a number of corporate and accounting scandals in the USA, Congress passed the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Sarbanes-Oxley is
a wide ranging piece of legislation concerned largely with financial reporting and corporate governance.

As recommended by the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the company has established a Disclosure Committee. The Committee reports to the CEO, the CFO and to the Audit & Risk Committee. It is chaired by the Company Secretary and the members consist
of senior managers from finance, legal, corporate communications and investor relations.

External legal counsel, the external auditors and
internal experts are invited to attend its meetings periodically. It has responsibility for considering the materiality of information and, on a timely basis, determining the disclosure of that information. It has responsibility for the timely
filing of reports with the SEC and the formal review of the GSK Annual Report 2019 and Form
20-F.
 In 2019 the Committee met 18 times.

47

Table of Contents

Sarbanes-Oxley requires that this annual report on Form

20-F
 contain a statement as to whether a member of our Audit & Risk Committee (“ARC”) is an audit committee financial expert as defined by Sarbanes-Oxley. For a summary regarding the
Board’s judgment on this matter, please refer to Item 16.A below and to page 81 in the biography for “Judy Lewent,” and page 96 under “Judy Lewent, Audit & Risk Committee Chair” of the GSK Annual Report 2019.

Additional disclosure requirements arise under section 302 and section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley in respect of disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting.

Section 302: Corporate responsibility for financial reports

Sarbanes-Oxley also introduced a requirement for the CEO and the CFO to complete formal certifications, confirming that:

•   they have each reviewed the GSK Annual Report 2019 and Form 20-F;

•   based on their knowledge, the GSK Annual Report 2019 and Form 20-F contain no material misstatements or omissions;

•   based on their knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information fairly present, in all
material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods, presented in the GSK Annual Report 2019 and Form 20-F;

•   they are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that ensure that
material information is made known to them, and have evaluated the effectiveness of these controls and procedures as at the year-end, the results of such evaluation being contained in the GSK Annual Report
2019 and Form 20-F;

•   they are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting that provides
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

•   they have disclosed in the GSK Annual Report 2019 and Form 20-F any
changes in internal controls over financial reporting during the period covered by the GSK Annual Report 2019 and Form 20-F that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to affect materially, the
company’s internal control over financial reporting; and

•   they have disclosed, based on their most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
external auditors and the ARC, all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to affect adversely the company’s ability to record,
process, summarise and report financial information, and any fraud (regardless of materiality) involving persons that have a significant role in the company’s internal control over financial reporting.

The Group has carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the CEO and CFO, of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of the Group’s disclosure controls and procedures as at 31 December 2019.

There are
inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure
controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.

Based on the Group’s evaluation,
the CEO and CFO have concluded that, as at December 31, 2019, the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Group files and submits under
the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarised and reported as and when required and that it is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding disclosure.

The CEO and CFO completed these certifications on March 6, 2019.

Section 404: Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting.

In accordance with the requirements of section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, the following report is provided by management in respect of the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f)
 and
15d-15(f)
 under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934):

•   management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for
the Group. Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS;

48

Table of Contents

•   management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the
framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission;

•   management has assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as at 31 December
2019 and has concluded that such internal control over financial reporting was effective. In addition, there have been no changes in the Group’s internal control over financial reporting during 2019 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to affect materially, the Group’s internal control over financial reporting; and

•   Deloitte LLP, which has audited the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended
December 31, 2019, has also assessed the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control over financial reporting under Auditing Standard No. 2201 of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Their audit report can
be found below.

On July 31, 2019, the Company completed a transaction with Pfizer to combine their consumer
healthcare businesses into a joint venture. The Company is in the process of evaluating the existing controls and procedures of the Pfizer consumer healthcare business and integrating the Pfizer consumer healthcare business into the Company’s
internal control environment over financial reporting. In accordance with SEC Staff guidance permitting a company to exclude an acquired business from management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting for
the year in which the acquisition is completed, the Company has excluded this business from its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019. The Pfizer consumer healthcare business
combined represented 22% of the Company’s total assets as of December 31, 2019, and 4% of the Company’s turnover for the year ended December 31, 2019.

49

Table of Contents

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of GlaxoSmithKline plc

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We
have audited the internal control over financial reporting of GlaxoSmithKline plc and subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 31 December 2019, based on criteria established in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework
(2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Group maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as at 31 December 2019,
based on criteria established in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019, of the Group and our report dated 6 March 2020, expressed an
unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

As described
in Section
 404: Management’s annual report on internal control
over financial reporting
, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting of the Consumer Healthcare business acquired from Pfizer Inc. on 31 July 2019 (the “Pfizer Consumer Healthcare
business”), and whose financial statements constitute 22% of total assets and 4% of turnover of the consolidated financial statement amounts as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal
control over financial reporting at the acquired Pfizer Consumer Healthcare business.

Basis for Opinion

The Group’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying “
Section 404: Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting
” included in Item 15 of the Form

20-F.
 Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Group’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to
be independent with respect to the Group in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte LLP

London, United Kingdom

6 March 2020

Item 16.A   Audit committee financial expert

The information set forth under the heading:

•   “Membership” within the “Audit & Risk Committee Report” on page 96; and

50

Table of Contents

•   “Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002” on page 296

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 16. B   Code of Ethics

The information set forth under the heading “Code of Conduct and reporting lines” on page 104 of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is
incorporated herein by reference. You will find the Code of Conduct at this link:

https://www.gsk.com/en-gb/about-us/policies-codes-and-standards/
.

No waivers were granted from a provision of our code of ethics to an officer or person described in Item 16B(a) that relates to one or more of
the items set forth in Item 16B(b) in 2017.

Item 16.C   Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Audit Fees for 2017 were paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and for 2018 and 2019 were paid to Deloitte LLP.

16C(a)   Audit Fees

The information set forth in the table under the heading “Fees payable to the company’s auditor and its associates” in the rows
named “Audit of parent company and consolidated financial statements”, “Audit of the company’s subsidiaries” and “Attestation under s.404 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002” in Note 8 – “Operating profit” on
page 184 of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

16C(b)   Audit-Related Fees

The information set forth in the table under the heading “Fees payable to the company’s auditor and its associates” in the row
named “Other assurance services” in Note 8 – “Operating profit” on page 184 of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference. The other assurance services provided by the auditor relate to agreed upon
procedures and other assurance services outside of statutory audit requirements.

16C(c)   Tax Fees

The information set forth in the table under the heading “Fees payable to the company’s auditor and its associates” in the rows
named “Taxation compliance” and “Taxation advice” in Note 8 – “Operating profit” on page 184 of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

16C(d)   All Other Fees

The information set forth in the table under the heading “Fees payable to the company’s auditor and its associates” in the row
named “All other services” in Note 8 – “Operating profit” on page 184 of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference. All other services provided by the auditor primarily related to advisory services for
the year-ended 31 December 2019.

16C(e)   The information set forth under the heading “Non-audit services” on page 104 of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

16C(f)   Not applicable.

Item 16.D   Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees

Not applicable.

Item 16.E   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

Not applicable.

Item 16.F   Change in Registrant ’ s Certifying Accountant

Not applicable.

Item 16.G   Corporate Governance

Comparison of New York Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Standards and GlaxoSmithKline plc’s corporate governance practice.

On November 4, 2003, the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) adopted new corporate governance standards. The application of
the NYSE’s standards is restricted for foreign companies, recognizing that they have to comply with domestic requirements. As a foreign private issuer, GlaxoSmithKline plc (“GlaxoSmithKline” or the “Company”) must comply
with the following NYSE standards:

1.   the Company must satisfy the audit committee requirements of the SEC;

51

Table of Contents

2.   the Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”) must promptly notify the NYSE in writing after any executive
officer of the Company becomes aware of any non-compliance with any applicable provisions of the NYSE’s corporate governance standards;

3.   the Company must submit an annual affirmation to the NYSE affirming GlaxoSmithKline’s compliance with
applicable NYSE corporate governance standards, and submit interim affirmations to the NYSE notifying it of specified changes to the audit committee or a change to the status of the Company as a foreign private issuer; and

4.   the Company must provide a brief description of any significant differences between its corporate governance
practices and those followed by US companies under the NYSE listing standards.

As a Company listed on the London Stock
Exchange, GlaxoSmithKline is required to comply with the UK Listing Authority’s Listing Rules (the “Listing Rules”) and to report
non-compliance
 with the UK Corporate Governance Code (the
“UK Code”).

The table below discloses differences between GlaxoSmithKline’s current domestic corporate governance
practices, which are based on the UK Code, and the NYSE corporate governance standards, applicable to US companies.

NYSE Corporate Governance Standards   Description of differences between GlaxoSmithKline’s governance practice and the NYSE Corporate Governance Standards
Director Independence (303A.01 of NYSE Manual)
1.   Listed companies must have a majority of independent directors (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 10A-3 under the U.S Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”)).   GlaxoSmithKline complies with the equivalent domestic requirements contained in the UK Corporate Governance Code (the “UK Code”),
the latest version of which was issued in July 2018. The UK Code provides that the
board of directors of GlaxoSmithKline (the “Board”) and its committees should have a combination of skills, experience and knowledge. Consideration should be given to the length of the service of the Board and membership should be
regularly refreshed (Principle K). The Board should include an appropriate combination of Executive and Non-Executive Directors and, in particular, “independent” Non-Executive Directors (for the purpose of the UK Code) such that no individual or small group of individuals can dominate the Board’s decision taking. There should be a clear division of
responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and the executive leadership of GlaxoSmithKline’s business (Principle G). At least half the Board, excluding the Chairman, should comprise Non-Executive Directors determined by the Board to be independent (Provision 11). The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive should not be exercised by the same individual. If, exceptionally, this is proposed
by the Board, major shareholders should be consulted ahead of appointment (Provision 9). The current Chairman of the Board, Sir Jonathan Symonds, was considered independent on appointment (Provision 9). The Board considers that Vindi Banga, Dr Vivienne Cox, Lynn Elsenhans, Dr Laurie
Glimcher, Dr Jesse Goodman, Judy Lewent, and Urs Rohner are independent for the purpose of the UK Code. A majority of the Board members are independent Non-Executive Directors and, in accordance with the requirements of the
UK Code, the Board has appointed one of the independent Non-Executive Directors as Senior Independent Director to provide a sounding board for the Chairman and act as an intermediary for other Directors and
shareholders where necessary (Provision 12). In January 2012 the Board adopted a formal written role specification for the Senior Independent Director.

52

Table of Contents

NYSE Independence Tests (303A.02 of the NYSE Manual)
2.   In order to tighten the definition of “independent director” for purposes of these standards: (a)   (i) No director qualifies
as “independent” unless the board of directors affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a
relationship with the company). (ii) In addition, in
affirmatively determining the independence of any director who will serve on the compensation committee of the listed company’s board of directors, the board of directors must consider all factors specifically relevant to determining whether a
director has a relationship to the listed company which is material to that director’s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a compensation committee member, including, but not limited to: (A) the source of compensation of such director, including any consulting, advisory or
other compensatory fee paid by the listed company to such director; and (B) whether
such director is affiliated with the listed company, a subsidiary of the listed company or an affiliate of a subsidiary of the listed company. (b)   In addition, a director is not independent if: (i) The director is, or has been within the
last three years, an employee of the listed company, or an immediate family member is, or has been within the last three years, an executive officer, of the listed company. (ii)  The director has received, or has an immediate family member who has received, during any
twelve-month period within the last three years, more than $120,000 in direct compensation from the listed company, other than director and committee fees and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior service (provided such
compensation is not contingent in any way on continued service). (iii)  (A) The director is a current partner or employee of a firm that is the listed company’s
internal or external auditor; (B) the director has an immediate family member who is a current partner of such a firm; (C) the director has an immediate family member who is a current employee of such a firm and personally works on the
listed company’s audit; or (D) the director or an immediate family member was within the last three years a partner or employee of such a firm and personally worked on the listed company’s audit within that time. (iv) The director or an immediate family
member is, or has been within the last three years, employed as an executive officer of another company where any of the listed company’s present executive officers at the same time serves or served on that company’s compensation
committee. (v)   The
director is a current employee, or an immediate family member is a current executive officer, of a company that has made payments to, or received payments from, the listed company for property or services in an amount which, in any of the last three
fiscal years, exceeds the greater of $1 million, or 2% of such other company’s consolidated gross revenues. (For the purposes of these standards “executive officer” is defined to have the meaning specified for the term “officer” in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the “Exchange Act”).   GlaxoSmithKline complies with the corresponding domestic requirements contained in the UK Code, which sets out the principles for
GlaxoSmithKline to determine whether a director is independent. The Board is
required to identify each Non-Executive Director it considers to be independent. Circumstances which are likely to impair, or could appear to impair a non-executive director’s independence include, but are not limited to, whether a director: (a)   is or has been an employee of GlaxoSmithKline within the last five years; (b)   has, or has had within
the last three years, a material business relationship with GlaxoSmithKline either directly or as a partner, shareholder, director or senior employee of a body that has such a relationship with GlaxoSmithKline; (c)   has received or receives
additional remuneration from GlaxoSmithKline apart from a director’s fee, participates in GlaxoSmithKline’s share option or a performance-related pay scheme, or is a member of GlaxoSmithKline’s pension scheme; (d)   has close family ties
with any of GlaxoSmithKline’s advisers, directors or senior employees; (e)   holds cross-directorships or has significant links with other directors through involvement in
other companies or bodies; (f)   represents a significant shareholder; or (g)   has served on the Board
for more than nine years from the date of his or her first appointment. Where any of
these or other relevant circumstances apply, and the Board nonetheless considers that the non-executive director is independent, a clear explanation should be provided (Provision 10). The Board considers all its Non-Executive Directors to be independent in character and judgment and has concluded that all its Non-Executive Directors are independent within the meaning of the UK Code. The Chairman satisfied the independence criteria on appointment in accordance with the
UK Code (Provision 9). The Chairman should not remain in post beyond nine years from the date of their first appointment to the Board. To facilitate effective succession planning and the development of a diverse board, this period can be extended
for a limited time (Provision 19). GlaxoSmithKline complied with the UK Code
requirement, and its Articles of Association, that all Directors should be subject to annual election or re-election by shareholders (Provision 18) at its Annual General Meeting in 2019 and intends to comply
with this requirement at its 2020 Annual General Meeting. The UK Code also provides
that the Board should undertake a formal and rigorous annual evaluation of its own performance and that of its committees, the Chairman and individual Directors (Principle L and Provision 21). Annual evaluation of the Board should consider the
Board’s composition, diversity and how effectively members work together to achieve objectives. Individual evaluation should demonstrate whether each director continues to contribute effectively (Principle L). GlaxoSmithKline has complied with
this requirement. In addition, the annual evaluation of the Board should be externally facilitated at least every three years and a statement should be made as to whether an external facilitator has any other connection with GlaxoSmithKline and the
external facilitator should be identified in the Annual Report (Provision 21). Internally facilitated evaluations were conducted in 2015, 2016 and 2018. GlaxoSmithKline conducted an externally facilitated evaluation in 2014 and 2017 and is currently
in the process of undertaking one for 2019.

53

Table of Contents

The Financial Reporting Council’s Guidance on Board Effectiveness (“Guidance”) provides that all Directors should receive an
induction on joining the Board and should regularly update and refresh their skills and knowledge. The Chairman should ensure that new Directors receive a full, formal and tailored induction on joining the Board (Guidance, para 61, 75-76 & 81). The Chairman should act on the results of the annual evaluation by recognising the strengths and addressing any weaknesses of the Board. Each Director should engage with this process and take
appropriate action when development needs have been identified (Provision 22).
Executive Sessions (303A.03 of the NYSE Manual)   Meetings
3.   To empower non-management directors to serve as a more effective check on management, the non-management directors of each listed company must meet at
regularly scheduled executive sessions without management.   GlaxoSmithKline complies with the equivalent domestic requirements set out in the UK Code, which requires the Chairman of GlaxoSmithKline to
hold meetings with the Non-Executive Directors without executives present (Provision 13). The Non-Executive Directors, led by the Senior Independent Director, also meet
at least annually without the Chairman present to appraise the Chairman’s performance and on other occasions as necessary (Provision 12). The UK Code provides that the Chairman should promote a culture of openness and debate by facilitating the effective contribution of all Non-Executive Directors in particular, and constructive board relations between Executive and Non-Executive Directors (Principle F). In addition, the Chairman should seek
regular engagement with major shareholders in order to understand their views on governance and performance against the strategy. The Chairman is responsible for ensuring that the Board as a whole has a clear understanding of the view of
shareholders and stakeholders (Principle D and Provision 3). The Board should also understand the views of GlaxoSmithKline’s other key stakeholders and keep engagement mechanisms under review so that they remain effective (Provision
5).
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee (303A.04 of the NYSE Manual)   Nominations Committee
4.   (a) Listed companies must have a nominating/corporate governance committee composed entirely of independent directors. (b) The nominating/corporate governance committee must have a written charter that
addresses: (i) the committee’s
purpose and responsibilities – which, at minimum, must be to: identify individuals qualified to become board members, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and to select, or to recommend that the board select, the director nominees
for the next annual meeting of shareholders; develop and recommend to the board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to the corporation; and oversee the evaluation of the board and management; and (ii)  an annual performance
evaluation of the committee.   GlaxoSmithKline complies with the corresponding domestic requirements set out in the UK Code, which requires GlaxoSmithKline to have a
Nominations Committee that is comprised of a majority of independent Non-Executive Directors (Provision 17). In practice, the current GSK Nominations Committee is comprised entirely of independent directors
within the meaning of the UK Code. The Chairman of the Board should not chair the committee when it is dealing with the appointment of their successor (Provision 17). GlaxoSmithKline’s Nominations Committee has written terms of reference in accordance with the UK Code. The terms of reference are available on
GlaxoSmithKline’s website and explain the Nominations Committee’s role and the authority delegated to it by the Board (Guidance, para 63). The Nominations Committee reviews the structure, size, diversity (including gender diversity), and
composition of the Board (evaluating the balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge on the Board), leads the process for the appointment of members to the Board and the Corporate Executive Team (the “CET”), and makes
recommendations to the Board as appropriate. The Nominations Committee also monitors the planning of succession for the Board and Senior Management (Provision 17).

54

Table of Contents

The terms and conditions of appointment of the Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are available
for inspection (Guidance, para 96). The UK Code requires that GlaxoSmithKline’s
Annual Report describes the work of the Nominations Committee in discharging its duties, including the process it has used in relation to Board appointments, its approach to succession planning and how both support developing a diverse pipeline
(Provision 23). An explanation should be given if neither an external search consultancy nor open advertising has been used in the appointment of a chairman or a non-executive director. Where an external
search consultancy has been used, it should be identified in the Annual Report and a statement should be made as to whether it has any other connection with GlaxoSmithKline or individual directors (Provision 20). This section should include a
description of the process used in relation to appointments, how board evaluation has been conducted, the Board’s policy on diversity and inclusion, including gender, any measurable objectives that it has set for implementing the policy, and
progress on achieving the objectives, and the gender balance of those in the senior management and their direct reports (Provision 23). GlaxoSmithKline has complied with this requirement under the 2018 UK Code. As described above, there is an annual Board evaluation exercise, which also includes
evaluation of the Board’s committees and individual Directors (Principle L). The Board is responsible for regularly reviewing its corporate governance standards and practices. The Company Secretary oversees corporate governance matters
for the Group. The Company Secretary is responsible for advising the Board through the Chairman on all corporate governance matters (Provision 16). Domestic requirements do not mandate GlaxoSmithKline to establish a distinct corporate governance
committee.

55

Table of Contents

Compensation Committee (303A.05 of the NYSE Manual)   Remuneration Committee
5.   (a) Listed companies must have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Compensation committee members must
satisfy the additional independence requirements specific to compensation committee membership set forth in Section 2(a)(ii) in the Section titled “Independence Tests” above. (b) The
compensation committee must have a written charter that addresses: (i) the
committee’s purpose and responsibilities – which, at a minimum, must be to have direct responsibility to: (A)  review and approve corporate goals and objectives relevant to CEO compensation, evaluate the
CEO’s performance in light of those goals and objectives, and, either as a committee or together with the other independent directors (as directed by the board), determine and approve the CEO’s compensation level based on this
evaluation; (B)  make
recommendations to the board with respect to non-CEO executive officer compensation, and incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval; and (C)  prepare the disclosure required
by Item 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act; (ii) an annual performance evaluation of the compensation committee. (iii) The rights and responsibilities of the compensation committee set forth in Section 303A.05(c). (c)(i) The compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the
advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser. (ii) The compensation committee shall be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any compensation consultant,
independent legal counsel or other adviser retained by the compensation committee. (iii) The listed company must provide for appropriate funding, as determined by the compensation committee, for payment of reasonable compensation to a
compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or any other adviser retained by the compensation committee. (iv) The compensation committee may select a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser to the compensation committee only after taking into
consideration, all factors relevant to that person’s independence from management, including the following: (A)  The provision of other services to the listed company by the person that employs the compensation
consultant, legal counsel or other adviser; (B)  The amount of fees received from the listed company by the person that employs the compensation
consultant, legal counsel or other adviser, as a percentage of the total revenue of the person that employs the compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser; (C)  The policies and procedures of the person that employs the compensation consultant, legal counsel or
other adviser that are designed to prevent conflicts of interest; (D)  Any business or personal relationship of the compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser
with a member of the compensation committee;   GlaxoSmithKline complies with the equivalent domestic requirements set out in the UK Code, which requires GlaxoSmithKline to have a
Remuneration Committee comprising at least three independent Non-Executive Directors (Provision 32). In practice, the current GSK Remuneration Committee is comprised entirely of independent directors within
the meaning of the UK Code. GlaxoSmithKline’s Remuneration Committee has
written terms of reference in accordance with the UK Code, which explain the Remuneration Committee’s role and the authority delegated to it by the Board and are available on GlaxoSmithKline’s website (Guidance, para 63). The Remuneration
Committee determines the terms of service and remuneration of the Executive Directors and members of the CET and, with the assistance of external independent advisers, it evaluates and makes recommendations to the Board on overall executive
remuneration policy (the Chairman and the CEO are responsible for evaluating and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors). It should review workforce remuneration and
related policies and the alignment of incentives and rewards with culture, taking these into account when setting the policy for executive director remuneration (Provision 33). Where remuneration consultants are appointed, they should be identified
in the Annual Report and a statement should be made as to whether they have any other connection with GlaxoSmithKline or individual directors (Provision 35). The UK Code provides that the Remuneration Committee: (a)   should take care to recognise and manage conflicts of interest when receiving views from
Executive Directors or senior management, or consulting the Chief Executive about its proposals (Provision 35 & Guidance, para 129) and should have delegated responsibility for setting remuneration for all Executive Directors and the Chairman,
including pension rights and any compensation payments (Provision 33); (b)   should recommend and monitor the level and structure of remuneration for senior management
(Provision 33); (c)   should consider the pension consequences and associated costs of basic salary increases and
any other changes in pensionable remuneration, or contribution rates, particularly for Directors close to retirement (Provision 38); (d)   should ensure that compensation commitments in Directors’ terms of appointment do not
reward poor performance (Provision 39). Remuneration schemes should promote long-term shareholdings by Executive Directors that support alignment with long-term shareholder interests. A formal policy should be developed for post-employment
shareholding requirements encompassing both unvested and vested shares (Provision 36). Remuneration schemes and policies should enable the use of discretion to override formulaic outcomes and include provisions that would enable GlaxoSmithKline to
recover and/or withhold sums or share awards specifying the circumstances in which it would be appropriate to do so (Provision 37); and (e)   when determining Executive Director remuneration policy and practices, should address the
following: (i) remuneration arrangements are transparent and promote effective engagement with shareholders and the workforce; (ii) the operation and rationale of remuneration structures are easy to understand; (iii)

56

Table of Contents

(E)  Any stock of the listed company owned by the compensation consultant, legal counsel
or other adviser; and (F)  Any
business or personal relationship of the compensation consultant, legal counsel, other adviser or the person employing the adviser with an executive officer of the listed company.   remuneration arrangements identify and mitigate reputational and other risks from excessive rewards and behavioural risks
that can arise from target-based incentive plans; (iv) the range of possible values of rewards to individual Directors and any other limits or discretions are identified and explained at the time of approving the policy; (v) the link
between individual awards, the delivery of strategy and the long-term performance of GlaxoSmithKline should be clear; and (vi) incentive schemes should drive behaviours consistent with company purpose, values and strategy (Provision 40). The UK Code requires that remuneration of Non-Executive Directors should not include share options or other performance-related elements, but should reflect the time commitment and responsibilities of the role (Provision 34). The UK Code requires that notice or contract periods should be one year or less
(Provision 39). As described above, there is an annual Board evaluation exercise,
which also includes evaluation of the Board’s committees (Principle L).

57

Table of Contents

Audit Committee (303A.06 and 303A.07 of the NYSE Manual)   Audit & Risk Committee
6.   Listed companies must have an audit committee that satisfies the requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act.   GlaxoSmithKline complies with equivalent domestic requirements set out in the UK Code, which require that GlaxoSmithKline has an
Audit & Risk Committee that is comprised of at least three independent Non-Executive Directors (Provision 24). GlaxoSmithKline considers all members of the Audit & Risk Committee to be
independent. The Board has also satisfied itself, in line with the UK Code, that at least one member of the Audit & Risk Committee has recent and relevant financial experience and that the Audit & Risk Committee as a whole has
competence relevant to the sector in which GlaxoSmithKline operates (Provision 24). Under the UK Code, the main roles and responsibilities of the Audit & Risk Committee include: (a)   monitoring the integrity
of the financial statements of GlaxoSmithKline and any formal announcements relating to GlaxoSmithKline’s financial performance, reviewing significant financial reporting judgments contained in them (Provision 25); (b)   providing advice (where
requested by the Board) on whether the Annual Report and accounts, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess GlaxoSmithKline’s position and performance, business
model and strategy (Provision 25); (c)   reviewing GlaxoSmithKline’s internal financial controls and internal control and risk
management systems (Provision 25); (d)   monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of GlaxoSmithKline’s internal audit function
(Provision 25); (e)   conducting the tender process and make recommendations to the Board, regarding the
appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor (Provision 25); (f)   reviewing and monitoring
the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process, taking into consideration relevant UK professional and regulatory requirements (Provision 25); (g)   developing and
implementing policy on the engagement of external auditors to supply non-audit services, ensuring there is prior approval of non-audit services, considering the impact
this may have on independence, taking into account the relevant regulations and ethical guidance regarding the provision of non-audit services by the external audit firm, and to report to the Board on any
improvement or action required (Provision 25); and (h)   reporting to the Board on how it has discharged its responsibilities (Provision 25). The Audit & Risk Committee is also the means by which the Board reviews
arrangements by which the staff of GlaxoSmithKline may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters (Provision 6). GlaxoSmithKline’s Audit & Risk Committee meets the requirements of Rule 10A-3 in that: •  each member of the Audit & Risk Committee is deemed to be “independent” in
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and applicable NYSE and UK requirements;

58

Table of Contents

•  the Audit & Risk Committee, amongst other things, is responsible for recommending the
appointment, compensation, maintenance of independence and oversight of the work of any registered public accounting firm engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit, review or attest services for
GlaxoSmithKline, and each such accounting firm must report directly to the Audit & Risk Committee; •  the Audit & Risk Committee has established a procedure for the receipt, retention and
treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, and for the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; •  the Audit & Risk
Committee has the authority to engage independent counsel and other advisors as it determines necessary to carry out its duties; and •  GlaxoSmithKline must provide appropriate funding for the Audit & Risk Committee. The Board has determined that Judy Lewent has the appropriate qualifications and
background to be an “Audit Committee Financial Expert” as defined in rules promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act.
7.   (a) The audit committee must have a minimum of three members. All audit committee members must satisfy the requirements for independence set
out in Section 303A.02 and, in the absence of an applicable exemption, Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. (b) The audit committee must have a written charter that addresses: (i) the committee’s purpose – which, at minimum, must be to: (A)  assist board oversight of
(1) the integrity of the listed company’s financial statements, (2) the listed company’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) the independent auditor’s qualifications and independence, and (4) the
performance of the listed company’s internal audit function and independent auditors (if the listed company does not yet have an internal audit function because it is availing itself of a transition period pursuant to Section 303A.00, the
charter must provide that the committee will assist board oversight of the design and implementation of the internal audit function); and (B)  prepare disclosure required by Item 407(d)(3)(i) of Regulation S-K (regarding the audit committee’s review and discussion of financial statements and certain other audit matters with management and auditors); (ii)  an annual performance
evaluation of the audit committee; and (iii)  the duties and responsibilities of the audit committee – which, at a minimum, must include
those set out in Rule 10A-3(b)(2), (3), (4) and (5) of the Exchange Act as well as to:   GlaxoSmithKline complies with the equivalent domestic requirements set out in the UK Code, which requires that the Audit & Risk
Committee should be comprised of a minimum of three independent Non-Executive Directors (Provision 24). GlaxoSmithKline’s Audit & Risk Committee has written terms of reference in accordance with the UK Code. The terms of reference are available on
GlaxoSmithKline’s website and explain the Audit & Risk Committee’s role and the authority delegated to it by the Board (Guidance, para 63). The Audit & Risk Committee’s main responsibilities include monitoring and reviewing the financial reporting process, the system of internal
control and risk management, overseeing the identification and management of risks, the external and internal process and for monitoring compliance with laws, regulations and ethical codes of practice, including review throughout the year of
integrated assurance reports comprising business unit and associated consolidated internal audit reports. Where requested by the Board, the Audit & Risk Committee should provide advice on the following areas which the directors as a whole
are required to explain in the Annual Report: •  whether the annual report and accounts, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and
provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess GlaxoSmithKline’s performance, business model and strategy (Principle M & Provision 27); and •  when taking into account GlaxoSmithKline’s position and principal risks, how the prospects of
GlaxoSmithKline have been assessed, over what period and why the period is regarded as appropriate. The Audit & Risk Committee should also advise whether there is a reasonable expectation that GlaxoSmithKline will be able to

59

Table of Contents

(A) at least annually, obtain and review a report by the independent auditor describing: the firm’s internal
quality-control procedures; any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years,
respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm, and any steps taken to deal with any such issues; and (to assess the auditor’s independence) all relationships between the independent auditor and the listed company; (B) meet to review and discuss the listed company’s annual
audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing the listed company’s specific disclosures under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations”; (C) discuss the
listed company’s earnings press releases, as well as financial information and earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies; (D) discuss policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management; (E) meet separately, periodically, with management, with internal
auditors (or other personnel responsible for the internal audit function) and with independent auditors; (F) review with the independent auditor any audit problems or difficulties and management’s response; (G) set clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of
the independent auditors; and (H)  report regularly to the board of directors. (c)   Each listed company must
have an internal audit function.   continue in operation and meet its liabilities when falling due over the said period, drawing attention to any
qualifications or assumptions as necessary prior to the directors making their statement in the annual report (Provision 31). The UK Code requires that a separate section of the Annual Report should describe the work of the Audit & Risk Committee in discharging its
responsibilities (Provision 26). The Annual Report should include: •  the significant issues that
the committee considered in relation to the financial statements, and how these issues were addressed (Provision 26); •  an explanation of how it has assessed the effectiveness of the external audit process and the
approach taken to the appointment or reappointment of the external auditor, information on the length of tenure of the current audit firm and when a tender was last conducted and advance notice of any retendering plans (Provision 26); and •  if the external auditor
provides non-audit services, an explanation of how auditor objectivity and independence are safeguarded (Provision 26). Please see section 6 above for a description of the main role and responsibilities of the Audit & Risk Committee. In accordance with the UK Code (Provision 25), the Audit & Risk Committee
monitors and reviews the effectiveness of GlaxoSmithKline’s internal audit function.
Shareholder Approval of Equity Compensation Plans (303A.08 of the NYSE Manual)
8.   Shareholders must be given the opportunity to vote on all equity-compensation plans and material revisions thereto, except for employment inducement awards, certain grants, plans and amendments in the context of mergers and
acquisitions, and certain specific types of plans. However, these exempt grants, plans and amendments may be made only with the approval of the listed company’s independent compensation committee or the approval of a majority of the listed
company’s independent directors. Companies must also notify the Exchange in writing when they use one of these exemptions.   GlaxoSmithKline complies with corresponding domestic requirements in the Listing Rules, which mandate that GlaxoSmithKline must seek shareholder approval for employee share schemes and significant changes to existing schemes, save
in circumstances permitted by the Listing Rules (Listing Rule 9.4). Please see section 5(d) above.
Corporate Governance Guidelines (303A.09 of the NYSE Manual)
9.   Listed companies must adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines.   GlaxoSmithKline complies with corresponding domestic requirements in the Listing Rules and the UK Code, which require that GlaxoSmithKline includes an explanation in its Annual Report of how it complies with the principles of the UK
Code and a confirmation that it complies with the UK Code’s provisions or, where it does not, provide an explanation of how and why it does not comply (Listing Rule 9.8.6). In addition, GlaxoSmithKline is required to make certain mandatory
corporate governance statements in the Directors’ Report in accordance with the UK Listing Authority’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, DTR 7. GlaxoSmithKline will comply with these requirements in its 2019 Annual
Report.

60

Table of Contents

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (303A.10 of the NYSE Manual)   Code of Conduct
10.   Listed companies must adopt and disclose a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers and employees, and promptly disclose any waivers of the code for directors or executive officers.   GlaxoSmithKline’s Code of Conduct for all employees, including the CEO, CFO and other senior financial officers, is available on GlaxoSmithKline’s website.
Foreign Private Issuer Disclosure (303A.11 of the NYSE Manual)
11.   Listed foreign private issuers must disclose any significant ways in which their corporate governance practices differ from those followed by
domestic companies under NYSE listing standards. Listed foreign private issuers are
required to provide this disclosure in the English language and in their annual reports filed on Form 20-F.   GlaxoSmithKline fulfils this requirement by publishing this document. GlaxoSmithKline fulfils this requirement by including this disclosure in its Annual
Report on Form 20-F.
12.   Certification Requirements (303A.12 of the NYSE Manual)
Each listed company and its CEO must file certain annual and interim certifications regarding compliance with the corporate governance requirements and certain other matters (although foreign private issuers are only required to
comply with a subset of these requirements).   GlaxoSmithKline fulfils this requirement by filing the required certifications each year.

Item 16.H   Mine Safety Disclosure

Not applicable.

PART III

Item 17   Financial Statements

Not applicable.

Item 18   Financial Statements

The information set forth under the headings:

•   “Consolidated income statement” on page 166;

•   “Consolidated statement of comprehensive income” on page 166;

•   “Consolidated balance sheet” on page 167;

•   “Consolidated statement of changes in equity” on page 168;

•   “Consolidated cash flow statement” on page 169; and

•   “Notes to the financial statements” on pages 170 to 251 (excluding the column titled “2017
(revised)” in the table “Pharmaceuticals turnover by therapeutic area” in “Note 6 – Turnover and segment information” on page 180)

of the GSK Annual Report 2019 is incorporated herein by reference.

61

Table of Contents

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of GlaxoSmithKline plc

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GlaxoSmithKline plc and subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the related consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive income, statements of changes in
equity, and cash flow statements, for each of the two years in the period ended 31 December 2019, and the related notes, included in Exhibit 15.3 on pages 166 to 251 (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
31 December 2019, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

We have also
audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Group’s internal control over financial reporting as at 31 December 2019, based on criteria established in
Internal
Control — Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated 6 March, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Group’s internal control over
financial reporting.

Change in Accounting Policies

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, effective 1 January 2019, the Group adopted IFRS 16 Leases, using the modified retrospective approach.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Group’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Group’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Group in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters
communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to
the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Valuation of the ViiV Healthcare Shionogi contingent consideration liability

Balances impacted: Contingent consideration liabilities and Other operating expense

Refer to Notes 3, 28, 32 and 43 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

In recent years
the Group has completed a number of significant transactions which resulted in the recognition of material contingent consideration liabilities, which are a key source of estimation uncertainty. The most significant of these liabilities was the ViiV
Healthcare Shionogi Contingent Consideration Liability (“ViiV CCL”).

The Group completed the acquisition of the remaining 50% interest in the
Shionogi-ViiV Healthcare joint venture in 2012. Upon completion, the Group recognised a contingent consideration liability for the fair value of the expected future payments to be made to Shionogi. As at 31 December 2019, the liability was
valued at £5,103 million.

62

Table of Contents

We identified the ViiV CCL as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions
management makes related to the sales forecasts of dolutegravir-based regimens used to value the ViiV CCL. Such forecasts are based on management’s assessment of the expected launch dates, the ability to shift market practice and prescriber
behaviour towards
2-drug
 regimens, and subsequent sales volumes and pricing. The forecasts also required significant audit effort to perform appropriate audit procedures to challenge and evaluate the
reasonableness of those forecasts.

The contingent consideration liabilities, including the ViiV CCL, are disclosed as a key source of estimation
uncertainty in note 3 of the Group financial statements with further disclosures provided in notes 28, 32 and 43. The matter is also discussed in the Audit & Risk Committee report within the Corporate Governance section of the Annual
Report.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

We performed the following audit procedures, amongst others, related to the sales forecasts:

•   Challenged management’s evidence through enquiries of key individuals from the senior leadership team,
commercial strategy team and key personnel involved in the budgeting and forecasting process, and the obtaining of objective evidence with respect to key inputs and assumptions;

•   Challenged the United States (US) volume assumptions made by management to estimate sales forecasts. This
involves benchmarking market share data against external data, such as total prescription volumes and new patient prescription volumes, in order to assess for any sources of contradictory evidence;

•   Challenged the reasonableness of US pricing assumptions made by management, by comparing the forecasted Returns
and Rebates accruals rate by product against the current rate, and assessing the forecasted Returns and Rebates against comparable products and expected changes in payer policy;

•   Reviewed the results of clinical studies undertaken in the year by management and key competitors in order to
assess whether these are corroborative or contradictory to management’s assumptions on dolutegravir sales forecasts in the US;

•   Benchmarked management’s forecasts against analysts reports and developed a range of possible outcomes using
analyst forecast growth for ViiV Healthcare with a consensus of 15 analysts including Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, Barclays, Credit Suisse, Jefferies and Redburn; and

•   Tested the controls over the key inputs and assumptions used in the valuation of the contingent consideration
liability, including management review controls over the sales forecasts of dolutegravir-based regimens.

Valuation of US Returns and
Rebates (RAR) accruals

Balances impacted: Turnover and Trade and other payables

Refer to Notes 3 and 28 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

In the US the
Group sells to customers under various commercial and government mandated contracts and reimbursement arrangements that include rebates, chargebacks and a right of return for certain pharmaceutical products. As such, revenue recognition reflects
gross-to-net
 sales adjustments. These adjustments are known as the Returns and Rebates (“RAR”) accruals and are a source of significant estimation uncertainty which
could have a material impact on reported revenue. The three most significant payer channels (also referred to as buying groups) within the RAR accrual are managed healthcare organisations, Medicaid and Medicare Part D.

The two main causes of significant estimation uncertainty are:

•   The utilisation rate, which is the portion of total sales that will be made into each payer channel, estimated by
management in recording the accruals. The utilisation assumption is the most challenging of the key assumptions used to derive the accrual given that it is influenced by market demand and other factors outside the control of the Group; and

•   The time lag between the point of sale and the point at which exact rebate amounts are known to the Group upon
receipt of a claim. Those payer channels with the longest time lag result in a greater accrued period, and therefore, a greater level of estimation uncertainty in estimating the period end accrual.

The level of estimation uncertainty is also impacted by significant shifts in channel mix often driven by changes in the competitive landscape, including
competitor and generic product launches.

63

Table of Contents

In the US Pharmaceuticals business in 2019 £11,069 million of RAR deductions were made to gross
revenue of £18,471 million, resulting in net revenue of £7,402 million. The balance sheet accrual at 31 December 2019 for the combined US Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines businesses amounted to £4,200 million.

US Pharmaceuticals returns and rebates are disclosed as a key accounting estimate in note 3 of the Group financial statements with further disclosures provided
in note 28. The matter is also discussed in the Audit & Risk Committee report within the Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

We performed the following audit procedures, amongst others, related to management estimates in the RAR accruals:

•   Assessed the historical accuracy of management’s estimates against actual outcomes to inform our assessment
of the current year accrual;

•   Performed substantive analytical procedures by developing an independent expectation of the accrual balance for
each of the key segments, based on historical claims received adjusted to reflect market changes in the period including an assessment of the time lag between the initial point of sale and the claim receipt. We then compared this independent
expectation to those of management to evaluate the appropriateness of management’s ending accrual position;

•   Recalculated the accrual recognised to determine that it is consistent with the assumptions determined through
management’s process;

•   Selected a sample of individual utilisation rates giving particular focus to products which have experienced
increased generic competition in the current year. We challenged and obtained support for the utilisation rates selected, which included comparison to historical utilisation rates;

•   Challenged the appropriateness of period-end adjustments to the liability
made as part of the ongoing review of the estimated accrual. The impact of these market events on the year end accrual was considered and reflected as part of our overall audit approach; and

•   Tested the key controls over the estimation of RAR accruals including the controls associated with the bi-annual forecasting of utilisation rates process and the month-end accrual review controls.

Valuation of intangible assets recognised on the Tesaro and Pfizer transactions

Balances impacted: Other intangible assets and Cost of sales

Refer to Notes 20 and 40 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

During the year,
the Group recognised £15,449 million of other intangible assets (including licences, patents, trademarks and brand names, but excluding goodwill) on the acquisitions of Tesaro Inc. and the Pfizer Consumer Healthcare business.

The determination of the fair value of the acquired intangible assets relies on certain management assumptions and estimates of future trading performance,
including the probability of success of pipeline products and product innovations, likelihood of regulatory approval, future sales growth rates and profit margin levels, and discount rates.

We identified the valuation of other intangible assets recognised on these acquisitions as a critical audit matter because of the inherent judgements involved
in estimating future cash flows and auditing such estimates required extensive audit effort to challenge and evaluate the reasonableness of those forecasts. We also engaged our fair value specialists to assess the discount rates and valuation
methodologies applied.

The disclosures relating to other intangible assets are included in note 20 and 40 of the Group financial statements. The matter is
also discussed in the Audit & Risk Committee report within the Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report.

64

Table of Contents

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

We performed the following audit procedures, amongst others, related to the probability of success of pipeline products and product innovations, likelihood of
regulatory approval, future sales growth rates and profit margin levels, and discount rates used in the valuation of the acquired intangible assets:

•   Met with the key individuals from the senior leadership team, product category leads and key personnel involved
in the forecasting process to discuss and evaluate management’s evidence to support future sales growth rates and profitability assumptions;

•   Challenged the business assumptions applied by management in estimating sales forecasts, including benchmarking
of sales forecasts and product compound annual growth rates to external data for the specific market segment. This included independent market research of expected category growth and assessment of any sources of contradictory evidence;

•   Evaluated the probability of success factors related to regulatory approval applied to pipeline products to
calculate forecast sales to be derived from future commercialised assets;

•   Assessed the historical accuracy of management’s forecasts including consumption data and estimates of new
sales from innovation;

•   Compared the forecast sales to the Plan data (asset by asset internal forecasts) approved by senior management
and the Board of directors;

•   With the assistance of our fair value specialists, assessed the reasonableness of valuation-specific assumptions
used by management, including discount rate and terminal growth rate, and whether these assumptions were consistent with how a well-informed independent third party would value these assets; and

•   Tested management review controls over the key inputs and assumptions used in valuation of intangible assets. The
controls encompass review of the valuation models, which contain a number of assumptions such as the revenue growth rates, probability of success of pipeline products, profit margins and discount rates.

Valuation of uncertain tax positions, including transfer pricing

Balances impacted: Corporation tax payable, Deferred tax liabilities and Taxation charge

Refer to Notes 3 and 14 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Group
operates in numerous jurisdictions and there are open tax and transfer pricing matters and exposures with UK, US and overseas tax authorities that give rise to uncertain tax positions. There is a range of possible outcomes for provisions and
contingencies can be wide and management are required to make certain judgements in respect of estimates of tax exposures and contingencies in order to assess the adequacy of tax provisions, which are sometimes complex as a result of the
considerations required over multiple tax laws and regulations.

At 31 December 2019, the Group has recorded provisions of £933 million in
respect of uncertain tax positions.

Valuation of uncertain tax positions is disclosed as a key source of estimation uncertainty in note 3 of the Group
financial statements with further disclosures included in note 14. The matter is also discussed in the Audit & Risk Committee report within the Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

With the support of tax specialists, we assessed the appropriateness of the uncertain tax provisions by performing the following audit procedures amongst
others:

•   Assessed and challenged provisions for uncertain tax positions, and focused our work on those jurisdictions where
the Group has the greatest potential exposure and where the highest level of judgement is required;

•   Assessed management’s policies for recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions for compliance
with the guidance per IFRIC 23;

•   Involved our transfer pricing specialists to review the transfer pricing methodology of the Group and associated
approach to provisioning;

•   Involved our UK, US and international tax and transfer pricing specialists to challenge the conclusions reached
by management, both in relation to the expected outcome and the financial impact;

•   Considered evidence such as the actual results from the recent tax authority audits and enquiries, third-party
tax advice where obtained and our tax specialists’ own knowledge of market practice in relevant jurisdictions; and

•   Tested key controls over preparation, review and reporting of judgmental tax balances and transactions, which
include provisions for uncertain tax provisions.

65

Table of Contents

/s/ Deloitte LLP

London, United Kingdom

6 March 2020

The first accounting period we audited was 31 December 2018

66

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of GlaxoSmithKline plc

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have
audited the accompanying consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated cash flow statement and consolidated statement of changes in equity of GlaxoSmithKline plc (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (together the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2017, including the related notes included in Exhibit 15.3 on pages 166 to 251 (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of the Group’s operations and its cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2017 in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Group’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Group’s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Group in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.

Our audit of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

London, United
Kingdom

16 March 2018

We served as the Company or its
merged predecessors’ auditor from 1977 to 2017. Since at least 1974, we also served as auditor of a company acquired by a merged predecessor of the Company.

67

Table of Contents

Item 19   Exhibits

1.1   Articles of Association of the Registrant as in effect on the date hereof.
2.1   Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement among the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Depositary, and the owners and holders from
 time to time of the American Depositary Shares issued thereunder, including the form of American Depositary Receipt, is incorporated by reference to the post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement on Form F-6 (No. 333-232726) filed with the Commission on July 19, 2019.
2.2   Description of the Registrant’s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
4.3   UK Service Agreement between GlaxoSmithKline Services Unlimited and Emma N. Walmsley dated March
29, 2017 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Commission on March 15, 2019 .
4.4   UK Service Agreement between GlaxoSmithKline LLC and Hal V. Barron dated December 16, 2017.
4.5   UK Service Agreement between GlaxoSmithKline Services Unlimited and Iain Mackay dated 18
September 2018 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Commission on March 15, 2019.
4.6   Share and Business Sale Agreement relating to the Vaccines Group made on April 22, 2014, as amended and restated on May
29, 2014, as amended on October 9, 2014, and as further amended and restated on March 1, 2015, between Novartis AG and GlaxoSmithKline plc is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Commission on March 18, 2016. Confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the SEC.
4.7   Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement by and among Pfizer Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings Limited dated
 as of December 19, 2018 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Commission on March 15, 2019. Confidential portions of this
exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the SEC.
4.8   Amendment Agreement dated July
31, 2019 to the Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement by and among Pfizer Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings Limited and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings (No. 2) Limited dated as of July 31, 2019.
4.9   Shareholders’ Agreement among GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings Limited, Pfizer Inc., PF Consumer Healthcare Holdings LLC, GlaxoSmithKline plc and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings
 (No.2) Limited dated as of July 31, 2019. Certain confidential information contained in this exhibit has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the
Registrant if publicly disclosed.
8.1   A list of the Registrant’s principal subsidiaries is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under “Group Companies” on pages 299 to 310 of the GSK Annual Report 2019 included as
 Exhibit 15.3.
12.1   Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 – Emma Walmsley.
12.2   Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 – Iain Mackay.
13.1   Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code).
15.1   Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
15.2   Consent of Deloitte LLP.
15.3*   GSK Annual Report 2019.
101.INS**   XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE**   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

68

Table of Contents

*   Certain of the information included within Exhibit 15.3, which is provided pursuant to Rule 12b-23(a)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is incorporated by reference in this Form 20-F, as specified elsewhere in this Form 20-F. With the exception of the items and pages so specified, the GSK Annual Report 2019 is not deemed to be filed as part of this Form 20-F.

**   In accordance with Rule 402 of Regulation S-T, the information in these
exhibits shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other
document filed under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

69

Table of Contents

Signature

The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form
20-F
 and that it has duly
caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this Annual Report on its behalf.

GlaxoSmithKline plc
March 6, 2020   By:   /s/ Iain Mackay
Iain Mackay
Chief Financial Officer

70
