2 02 3 2 4 年度報告   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              2023/24 年度報告
                                                              ANNUAL REPORT   1
CONTENTS
                                                                       PAGE

Corporate Information                                                     2
Chairman’s Statement                                                      3
Management Discussion and Analysis                                        5
Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management              16
Directors’ Report                                                        20
Corporate Governance Report                                             117
Independent Auditor’s Report                                            146
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                                157
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                          158
Consolidated Balance Sheet                                              159
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                             161
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                    163
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                          165
Financial Summary                                                       272
    2023/24 年度報告
2   ANNUAL REPORT


    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    BOARD (THE “BOARD”) OF                                WEBSITE
     DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY                             www.alibabapictures.com
     (THE “DIRECTOR(S)”)
                                                          PRINCIPAL BANKERS
                                                          China CITIC Bank International Limited
    Executive Directors
                                                          China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)
                                                          Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
    Mr. Li Jie (President)
                                                          The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
    Mr. Meng Jun (Chief Financial Officer)
                                                            Corporation Limited
                                                          Citibank (China) Co., Ltd.
    Non-Executive Directors
                                                          East West Bank
    Mr. Tung Pen Hung (Appointed on May 15, 2023)
                                                          JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
    Mr. Liu Zheng (Resigned on May 15, 2023)
                                                          China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd, Hong Kong Branch

    Independent Non-Executive Directors
    Ms. Song Lixin                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                          Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
    Mr. Tong Xiaomeng
                                                          Hamilton, Pembroke, HM 11
    Mr. Johnny Chen
                                                          Bermuda

    EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
    Mr. Fan Luyuan (Committee Chairman)                   HEAD OFFICE
    Mr. Li Jie                                            Zone B, Alibaba Beijing Chaoyang
    Mr. Meng Jun                                          Science & Technology Park
                                                          No. 20 Guangshan Road,
                                                          Chaoyang District
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                       Beijing, China
    Mr. Johnny Chen (Chairman)
    Ms. Song Lixin
    Mr. Tong Xiaomeng
                                                          PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
                                                            HONG KONG
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                26/F, Tower One
    Mr. Tong Xiaomeng (Chairman)                          Times Square
    Mr. Fan Luyuan                                        1 Matheson Street
    Ms. Song Lixin                                        Causeway Bay
                                                          Hong Kong

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman)                             PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
    Mr. Tong Xiaomeng                                       TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. Johnny Chen                                       MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                                          4th Floor North Cedar House
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                             41 Cedar Avenue, Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda
    Ms. Zhang Ying (Appointed on September 30, 2023)
    Ms. Ng Wing Shan                                      HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
     (Appointed on September 30, 2023)                     REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
    Ms. Chun Ka Yan (Resigned on September 30, 2023)      Tricor Secretaries Limited
                                                          17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    LEGAL ADVISORS                                        16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
    Mayer Brown
                                                          STOCK CODE
    AUDITOR                                               1060
    PricewaterhouseCoopers
    Certified Public Accountants and
    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT              3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,

Over the past year, the offline entertainment industry, including films and live performances, recovered rapidly,
with the market demonstrating strong vibrancy and potential. China’s total box office and cinema admissions
reached record highs, highlighting the enormous potential of the market. In a year full of challenges and
opportunities, driven by the combination of “technology” empowerment and high quality “content”,
Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (“Alibaba Pictures” or the “Company”), together with its subsidiaries, the
“Group”) steadily pushed ahead its businesses, thereby achieving remarkable results in content innovation
and technology application. Our team demonstrated excellent execution and innovative spirit, successfully
launching several popular film and television productions while making positive progress in the new media
sector.

The strong recovery in the film and performance industries contributed to the outstanding performance of the
Group’s business. With a significant increase in the number of quality films that the Group was involved in
producing and distributing, growth in box office and cinema admissions, as well as the Group’s commitment
to cultural content and ongoing investment in technological innovation, the Group was able to quickly
emerge from the doldrums in the financial year 2023, successfully turning around to profitability. The return
to profitability for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 (the “Reporting Period”) was a good start in the
face of adversity. During the Reporting Period, Alibaba Pictures achieved revenue of approximately RMB5,036
million, representing an increase of approximately RMB1,535 million over the last year and a year-on-year
increase of 44%. During the Reporting Period, a turnaround was achieved with a profit of approximately
RMB297 million, while a profit of approximately RMB504 million was maintained on adjusted EBITA.

In the film investment, production, promotion and distribution business, Alibaba Pictures made breakthrough
progress during the Reporting Period. Through a precise content investment strategy, the Group covered
important timeslots and top-tier projects, thereby securing basic yields. Meanwhile, Alibaba Pictures expanded
its co-production and self-production capabilities, creating a portfolio of popular high-yield films. During the
Reporting Period, Alibaba Pictures participated in the production and distribution of over 60 films, accounting
for over 60% of the total box office. Among them, fifteen films ranked in the top 20 films released during
the same period in terms of box office, achieving a higher return on investment compared with the industry
peers. “No More Bets”, “Lost in the Stars”, “YOLO” and “Pegasus 2” all grossed over RMB3 billion. “No More
Bets” was the top grossing film of the year. Produced and distributed by Alibaba Pictures, “YOLO” became a
phenomenon of the year.

In the performance market, the Group further consolidated its market-leading advantage in the ticketing
agency sector through the acquisition of Damai, which held an absolute leading position in the ticketing
agency sector and successfully organised several major performances as it expanded into the areas of
performance content planning, production and investment. The economic scale of the Group’s performance
market set a record high, with significant growth in revenue from the total box office and revenues from
peripheral merchandise of the performances.

The past year was a year full of achievements, with Alibaba Pictures achieving remarkable results in the market
while demonstrating leadership in technological innovation and social responsibility.
    2023/24 年度報告
4   ANNUAL REPORT


    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
    For the film ticketing and technology platforms, the Group’s Tao Piao Piao and Yunzhi businesses continued
    to grow steadily, providing efficient services to cinema-goers and cinemas. The Group’s digitalisation business
    comprehensively entered the AI field with the launch of intelligent data promotional and distribution products
    such as “Beacon AI”, providing more assistance to the direction of promotion and distribution and scheduling
    decisions of films, thereby significantly enhancing the market efficiency and movie-going experience.

    We are well aware that in the digital era, innovation is the core driving force for business development.
    Therefore, the Group strengthened its investment, established advanced film and television production bases,
    and introduced top international production teams, with a view to promoting digital filming solutions in
    innovative areas such as virtual filming and application of AI and new technologies. The Group’s technical
    team also made significant breakthroughs in areas such as artificial intelligence and big data analysis, providing
    strong support for the creation and promotion of film and television productions.

    Alibaba Pictures insists on the principle of sustainable development with corporate social responsibility at its
    heart by actively participating in public welfare activities and promoting the cultural diversity. To support the
    growth of young talents in film industry, it has launched the “HINA International Young Director Program (海
    納國際青年導演發展計劃)” aiming at nurturing youth directors, and strives to create a green environment for
    film and TV production. The Group’s efforts are widely recognized by all sectors of society.

    In March 2024, Alibaba Pictures participated in and co-launched the “Hong Kong Cultural and Art Industry
    Revitalisation Programme”, which not only demonstrates its strong confidence in Hong Kong cultural and
    entertainment industry, but also serves as one of its important steps towards the revitalisation of the cultural
    and entertainment industry. Meanwhile, Alibaba Pictures was honoured to be invited to join Hong Kong
    Motion Picture Industry Association Ltd and Hong Kong Chamber of Films, which not only recognises the
    success achieved by Alibaba Pictures, but also demonstrates its strong commitment towards the Hong Kong
    film industry. The Group believes that the continuous investment and cooperation will revitalise Hong Kong’s
    cultural creativity and bring the industry into full bloom.

    Looking ahead, Alibaba Pictures will remain committed to building a world-leading digital cultural and
    entertainment platform, in order to promote the development of China’s film industry and the cultural
    exchanges across the world. The Group is committed to constant exploration and innovation, and embraces
    new changes in the cultural and entertainment industry across the world with a more open mindset. Looking
    forward to the future with confidence, the Group will pursue its business growth by carrying on with its
    investment in high-quality content, innovations, customer value, as well as the development in AI and other
    digital initiatives. We believe that constant efforts and innovations will enable Alibaba Pictures to retain its
    leading position in the cultural and entertainment industry and create greater values for its shareholders.

    I would like to thank the Board of Directors, all of our business partners, employees, investors and customers
    for their continued support to the Group. I am also grateful for your trust and support. Let us work together to
    create a brighter future.




    Fan Luyuan
    Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
    Hong Kong, May 29, 2024
                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT            5
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OFFLINE ENTERTAINMENT (FILM AND PERFORMANCE) INDUSTRIES OVERVIEW

During the Reporting Period, there was a rapid recovery of the entertainment consumer market and vibrant
development of film and performance industries. For the film market, the total box office revenue in Mainland
China during the Reporting Period was approximately RMB55.6 billion, representing an increase by 75%
(or a year-over-year increase of approximately RMB23.8 billion); the number of viewers was 1.33 billion,
representing an increase by 80% (or a year-over-year increase of 590 million); box office and the number of
viewers basically recovered to the level of 2017. Meanwhile, during the Reporting Period, the national box
office set a number of records. For example, the total box office revenue in Mainland China during the 2023
summer movie season reached RMB20.6 billion, an all-time high in the summer season. During the Reporting
Period, with a box office share of 85%, the box office of domestic films in the year set records exceeding
RMB47 billion, delivering an outstanding performance. At the same time, on the supply side of films,
according to the announcement of the China Film Administration, the total number of film scripts filed and
projects launched during the Reporting Period surpassed 2,500, representing a nearly 50% increase over the
past financial year, basically restoring it to the level of 2019.

In the performance market, the market achieved explosive growth during the Reporting Period as consumer
demand for live entertainment experiences increased. According to 2023 National Performance Market
Development Briefing of the China Association of Performing Arts, the total revenue from the box office for
the national performance market reached approximately RMB50.232 billion in 2023, representing a growth
of 150.65% from 2019. One of the largest categories in the performance market, large and medium-scale
commercial performance grossed a box office of approximately RMB20.171 billion, representing a growth of
373.60% from 2019, also setting a record.

In summary, with its abundant product supply, diverse forms of expression and great demand for film and
performance, the film and performance industry demonstrated the market’s vibrant development and huge
growth potential.

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to maintain the strengths of its online platform business
and curate positive cultural content for the industry under the empowerment of innovative technology.
Meanwhile, it proactively optimised its business management strategy and achieved business breakthrough
and growth.
    2023/24 年度報告
6   ANNUAL REPORT


    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    Material Acquisitions: Acquisition of Damai

    On November 30, 2023, the Group completed the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of Pony
    Media Holdings Inc. (“Pony Media”) from Alibaba Investment Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of
    Alibaba Group Holding Limited (the “Acquisition”). Upon completion of the Acquisition, Pony Media became
    a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group. Pony Media and its subsidiaries operate under the trade name
    “Damai” (“Damai”), which is a leading provider of live performances, including concerts, musical festivals, live
    house performances, plays, sports events and exhibitions in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), and
    established the “Damai Brand”.

    Damai was the general ticketing agent for numerous top-tier concerts (such as those of Jay Chou, Mayday,
    Joker Xue, JJ Lin and Jason Zhang) and users’ preferred ticketing platform for performances. During the
    Reporting Period, the gross merchandise value (GMV) of the Damai business grew rapidly, registering a year-
    over-year growth of over 500%. Damai enjoyed an absolutely leading edge in respect of the ticket agency in
    the market, particularly so for concerts as its core business, which covered nearly 100% of top-tier concerts.

    Moreover, Damai’s business had a deep layout of performance content, ticketing system, and other non-
    ticketing-agency areas. Damai successfully organised mega shows involving Han Hong, Wallace Chung, Ele
    Yan and other artists. It also explored content development, production and investment of performances,
    promoting its brand awareness in recent years with various self-produced stage plays/dramas, immersive
    plays as well as the Xiami Music & Arts Festival in Aranya (阿那亞蝦米音樂節). Meanwhile, Damai exclusively
    provided the 19th Hangzhou Asian Games with a technology-driven ticketing platform for offline
    entertainment, which was a cloud-based digital ticketing system characterised by speed and stability.

    During the Reporting Period, the Group has consolidated the financial position and results of operation
    of the Damai business from December 2023 to March 2024 into the financial statements of the Group.
    Had completion of the Acquisition occurred on April 1, 2022 or 2023, the respective unaudited combined
    operating results of the Group and Damai for each of the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024
    would have been as follows.

                                                              For the year ended March 31,
                                                 Combined operating results           The Group
                                                        2024           2023          2024          2023
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                  (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)     (Audited)      (Audited)

    Revenue                                          5,904,062         3,423,501        5,035,713         3,500,553
      Film investment, production, promotion
         and distribution                            2,071,949         1,229,080        2,071,949         1,229,080
      Film ticketing and technology platform           920,216           522,093          920,216           522,093
      Damai                                          1,481,820           293,878          394,277                 –
      Drama series production                          596,124           780,885          596,124           780,885
      IP merchandising and innovation
         initiatives                                   833,953           597,565        1,053,147           968,495


    Gross profit                                     2,811,893         1,296,907        2,017,043         1,116,989


    Adjusted EBITA (Unaudited)                       1,163,023           143,031          503,576           312,910
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT            7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
During the Reporting Period, the unaudited combined EBITA grew significantly year-over-year over 700%.
Such encouraging operating results were achieved due to the booming performance market and the Group’s
ongoing development and forward-looking planning in film content.

The following table sets forth key performance indicators of the Group’s financial results for the periods
indicated:

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                          March 31,
                                                                                         2024           2023
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000

Operating profit/(loss)                                                                309,680         (203,139)
Add:
  Share-based compensation                                                             120,274          147,152
  Amortization of intangible assets arising on business combinations                    18,003           12,669
  Profit or loss on equity investment and change in fair value, net                     55,619          356,228


Adjusted EBITA                                                                         503,576          312,910


Film investment, production, promotion and distribution

The content investment strategy of the Group is to build up its reserve by acquiring more investments
and projects involving leading promoters and distributors every year, with an aim of covering important
timeslots and top-tier projects and securing basic yields. Based on guaranteed coverage and yields, the Group
proactively enhances its co-production and self-production capabilities to gradually establish the brand’s
presence, thereby achieving a powerful and high-yielding film investment portfolio and further increasing the
Group’s profit margin in content investment business.

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to step up its investment in self-production and co-
production projects, strengthen its role as the leading promoter and distributor, and reinforce its core
competency in investment and distribution services. By partaking in the projects at an early stage, the Group
participated in production with other presenters, from IP procurement, storyline design, casting, to selection
and matching of actors. Meanwhile, the Group leveraged its seasoned distribution team and mature promotion
and distribution system to finalize promotion and distribution plans, achieving a profitable combination of
film content and assets. During the Reporting Period, the Group integrated the promotion and distribution
of film and drama series IPs, and realized basically consistent broadcasting schedules for the Chinese Lunar
New Year film “Peagasus 2 (飛馳人生2)” and the exclusive drama series on Youku “Peagasus (飛馳人生熱愛
篇)”, in which the Group participated in the production of the former and self-produced the latter. Apart from
complementary car racing element and shared material library, the overlapping and resonance in the popularity
of the IPs was also materialized in the process of promotion and distribution.

During the Reporting Period, the Group presented and distributed over 60 films (including nearly 30 films
with the Group as the leading promoter and distributor and six films with the Group as the self-producer and
co-producer) accounting for over 60% of the total box office. Fifteen of them ranked among the top 20 films
released during the same period in terms of box office and achieved a higher return on investment compared
with the industry peers.
    2023/24 年度報告
8   ANNUAL REPORT


    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    During the Reporting Period, major film projects released by the Group are set out below:

                                                    Box office revenue
    No.   Film’s Name                                    (RMB billion)     Mode

    1     No More Bets (孤注一擲)                                       3.85   co-producer
    2     Lost in the stars (消失的她)                                  3.52   co-producer, leading promoter and
                                                                              distributor
    3     YOLO (熱辣滾燙)                                               3.46   main producer and distributor
    4     Pegasus 2 (飛馳人生2)                                         3.39   joint producer and joint distributor
    5     Boonie Bears: Time Twist                                  1.99   joint producer and joint distributor
            (熊出沒 • 逆轉時空)
    6     Chang’an (長安三萬里)                                          1.83   joint producer, leading promoter and
                                                                              distributor
    7     Godspeed (人生路不熟)                                          1.18   joint producer and joint distributor
    8     The Ex-File 4 (前任4：英年早婚)                                  1.01   main producer, leading promoter and
                                                                              distributor
    9     One and Only (熱烈)                                         0.91   joint producer and joint distributor
    10    Born to Fly (長空之王)                                        0.85   co-producer, leading promoter and
                                                                              distributor
    11    Endless Journey (三大隊)                                     0.71   joint producer, leading promoter and
                                                                              distributor
    12    The Pig, the Snake and the Pigeon                         0.67   buyout, leading promoter and
            (周處除三害)                                                        distributor
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT            9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
As of the date of this annual report, the Group has more than 80 films scheduled for release, of which, more
than 50 are investment projects pending release and more than 30 are self-developed and co-produced
projects. The above films scheduled for release will either be scheduled for release (subject to market
conditions) or are in the process of being scheduled. The Group lists key films that have already been released
or are in the process of being scheduled as follows.

No.     Film’s Name*                             State                     Mode

1       The Boy and the Heron                    released                  buyout, leading promoter and
          (你想活出怎樣的人生)                                                         distributor
2       Formed Police Unit (維和防暴隊)               released                  joint producer, leading promoter
                                                                              and distributor
3       Creation of the Gods (封神第二部)             scheduled for release     main producer, leading promoter
                                                                              and distributor
4       Dongji Island (東極島)                      scheduled for release     main producer
5       Shooting Stars (群星閃耀時)                   scheduled for release     self-producer, co-producer, leading
                                                                              promoter and distributor
6       No Regrets (無悔追踪)                        scheduled for release     main producer
7       Blades Of The Guardians                  scheduled for release     self-producer, co-producer, leading
          (鏢人：風起大漠)                                                           promoter and distributor
8       Welcome to the Chinese Restaurant        scheduled for release     joint producer and joint distributor
          (歡迎來龍餐館)
9       Decoded (解密)                             scheduled for release     joint producer and joint distributor
10      White Snake 3 (白蛇：浮生)                    scheduled for release     joint producer
11      Sheep Without a Shepherd III (誤殺3)       scheduled for release     joint producer
12      Customs Frontline (海關戰線)                 scheduled for release     joint producer, leading promoter
                                                                              and distributor
13      The Trier of Fact (守闕者)                  scheduled for release     self-producer, co-producer, leading
                                                                              promoter and distributor
14      Upstream (逆行人生)                          scheduled for release     joint producer, leading promoter
                                                                              and distributor
15      The Blood of Youth (少年歌行)                scheduled for release     self-producer, co-producer, leading
                                                                              promoter and distributor
16      The Stage (戲台)                           scheduled for release     main producer, leading promoter
                                                                              and distributor
17      A Place Called Silence (默殺)              scheduled for release     joint producer and joint distributor
18      The Incontrollable Family (失控家族)         scheduled for release     self-producer, co-producer, leading
                                                                              promoter and distributor
19      Break Up List (分手清單)                     scheduled for release     self-producer, co-producer, leading
                                                                              promoter and distributor
20      Welcome to My Side (歡迎來到我身邊)             scheduled for release     self-producer, co-producer, leading
                                                                              promoter and distributor
21      Seven Days (7天)                          scheduled for release     self-producer, co-producer, leading
                                                                              promoter and distributor

*    For identification purpose only
     2023/24 年度報告
10   ANNUAL REPORT


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     To further improve its capabilities to produce and develop film content and fully develop its IPs, the Group
     initiated collaborations with external studios, aiming at increasing its production of high-quality film content
     for the industry. Additionally, the Group launched the “HINA International Young Director Program (海納國際
     青年導演發展計劃)”, through which it has invited Mr. Zhang Yimou, Mr. Huang Jianxin and Mr. Bill Kong as
     main instructors, and recruited 20 outstanding directors to nurture youth directors and promote collaboration
     on film and television projects.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s film investment, production, promotion and distribution
     segment recorded revenue of approximately RMB2.072 billion, an increase of around 69% compared with
     approximately RMB1.229 billion for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 (the “Corresponding Period”).
     The segment results recorded was approximately RMB467 million, an increase of around 78% compared with
     approximately RMB263 million for the Corresponding Period.


     FILM TICKETING AND TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM

     Film ticketing platform business

     The film ticketing and technology platform, being Tao Piao Piao, Yunzhi and digitalization business, is an
     integral part of the Group’s film business and the infrastructure of the film industry. As the film ticketing
     platform for cinema-goers well-received by the market and the industry-leading ticket-issuing system platform
     for cinemas respectively, Tao Piao Piao and Yunzhi, which charged cinema-goers and cinemas service fees for
     the provision of online systems and services that allowed users to purchase tickets and cinemas to issue tickets,
     were one of the product combinations that generated the highest gross margin for the Group.

     During the Reporting Period, Tao Piao Piao and the Damai business joined hands in further enhancing the
     “Taomai VIP” membership system, through which members can enjoy better consumer experience and
     ticketing privileges ranging from early online purchase for blockbusters and promotional offers to offline
     fast pass and access to star-studded events. Up to the date of this report, the Group has also entered into
     cooperation agreements with cinemas in Macau, China and other regions of Southeast Asia as part of
     Yunzhi’s proactive drive to expand its overseas presence, which has laid the foundation for subsequent market
     development in other countries and regions. During the Reporting Period, the number of “Taomai VIP”
     members remained stable and showed an upward trend, while Yunzhi continued to rank first in terms of the
     number of ticket-issuing cinemas and tickets issued.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT             11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Technology business

With a comprehensive application of artificial intelligence (“AI”) business by the digitalisation business,
“Beacon AI (燈塔AI)”, a data product designed to provide intelligent promotion and distribution services for
the entertainment industry, was launched in 2023. It mainly included four functions: box office prediction,
smart enquiry for promotion and distribution, public opinion analysis, distribution materials for AI. Through
simulating and analysing abundant historical data, the “Beacon AI” provided T+3 days and total box office
forecasts, efficiently solving promotion and distribution problems while receiving timely comments and
market feedback across the internet, so as to rapidly produce promotion posters and copywriting content.
These intelligent tools provided industry participants with timely, comprehensive, detailed and condensed
summary of public opinion, more informative box office forecasts and more help for the films’ promotion and
distribution, scheduling decisions and other work, significantly improving the efficiency.

The Company also launched the first digital human Leah (厘里) from Alibaba Digital Media & Entertainment
Group. Since the launching of Leah in 2022, the Company has not only cooperated with a number of
international renowned brands and IPs, such as Taomai VIP, Tmall and Huawei, but also debuted in “I Am
Nobody (異人之下)”, an exclusive drama series on Youku, as well as acted in “Mystery in the Box (盒子裡的
貓)” and “Economics Unbound (萬物經濟學)” on Youku. It is the first digital actress to act in a drama series
and a reality show. Meanwhile, the Company invested in innovation areas such as virtual studios, promoting
digital filming solutions in the film and television industry while contributing to the promotion and application
of AI and new technologies, as well as reducing costs and increasing efficiency.

During the Reporting Period, the film ticketing and technology platform segment recorded revenue of
approximately RMB920 million, an increase of around 76% compared with approximately RMB522 million for
the Corresponding Period. The segment results recorded was approximately RMB346 million, an increase of
around 52% compared with approximately RMB228 million for the Corresponding Period.


Drama series production

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s drama studios continued to create works which are widely-
recognized by the Chinese market. The Group will continue to invest in high-quality content that enhances
consumer engagement and create timeless, touching and popular works. Up to the date of this report, a
number of projects of the Group’s drama studio were released, such as the heroine-focused “The Story of
Hua Zhi (惜花芷)”, the motivational motor racing drama “Pegasus (飛馳人生熱愛篇)” and the medical-themed
“Surgery Live Room (手術直播間)”. Currently, the studio is developing 35 projects, which will be successively
introduced to the audience.

Due to the timing of release of drama series, the Group’s drama series production segment recorded revenue
of approximately RMB596 million for the Reporting Period, a decrease of around 24% compared with
approximately RMB781 million for the Corresponding Period. The segment results recorded was approximately
RMB14 million, a decrease of around 74% compared with approximately RMB55 million for the Corresponding
Period.
     2023/24 年度報告
12   ANNUAL REPORT


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     IP merchandising and innovative initiatives

     As core operations, IP merchandising and other business help the Group to expand its presence in the
     entertainment industry, with the IP merchandising business being mainly focused on the Alifish business and
     creation of pop toys.

     Alifish is the Group’s professional platform focusing on IP operation, licensing and commercialisation
     and development. Since its establishment in 2016, Alifish has cooperated with hundreds of domestic and
     international quality IPs, and nearly 10,000 brands and channel merchants. The Group has managed to build
     up an enormous and rich IP matrix, including Sanrio, Pokémon, Kakao, Universal Studios and Saint Seiya.
     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from the sub-licensing business grew significantly by 77%
     year-over-year. The compound growth rate of the revenue from the sub-licensing business reached nearly 60%
     over the past five years, showcasing a resilient performance in business growth.

     The “Top Global Licensing Agents Report 2024” released by “LICENSE GLOBAL”, the licensing industry
     magazine under the Global Licensing Show, showed that the total retail sales of global licensing agents in
     2023 surpassed RMB93.63 billion, with the top 20 companies accounted for more than 90% of the retail sales.
     Moving up from the 25th in 2022, Alifish ranked the 11th, entering the top 20 on the list for the first time. As
     the largest platform for IP-licensing agents in China, not only has Alifish provided more high-quality IP-licensed
     products and enriched entertainment experience for consumers, it has also achieved a win-win situation with
     its business partners.

     Leveraging its rich IP matrix, direct and distribution channels, the Group has established a pop toy brand
     “KOITAKE”, which combines independent pop toys IP with a number of movies, drama series and variety
     shows to create a host of distinctive pop toys. So far, “KOITAKE” has accumulated over 10 self-produced
     pop toys IPs with fair performance in “Kayla-X (凱拉十世)” and “PiPi”, which have been integrated with the
     contents of more than 40 films and television programs, including “Lost in the Stars (消失的她)” and “One
     and Only (熱烈)” (films), “Till The End of The Moon (長月燼明)” and “The Legend of Anle (安樂傳)” (exclusive
     drama series on Youku), “Mysterious Lotus Casebook (蓮花樓)” (an exclusive drama series on iQIYI), “The
     Longest Promise (玉骨遙)” (an exclusive drama series on Tencent Video) and “Empresses in the Palace (甄嬛
     傳)” and “The Story of Minglan (知否知否應是綠肥紅瘦)” (classic Chinese drama series).

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s IP merchandising and innovative initiatives segment registered
     revenue of approximately RMB1.053 billion, an increase of around 9% compared with approximately RMB968
     million in the Corresponding Period. The segment results recorded was approximately RMB243 million, an
     increase of around 9% compared with approximately RMB224 million for the Corresponding Period.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT           13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

PROSPECTS

The entertainment industry is booming yet complicated and volatile, but the Group remains confident for the
future. The Group will pursue its business growth by carrying on with its investment in high-quality content,
innovations, customer value, as well as the development in AI and other digital initiatives.

Looking ahead, the Group will continue to:

1.     make significant investments in a full range of entertainment content and improve its capabilities to
       produce a broader set of content, including films, drama series and live performances, with a view to
       delivering high-quality content to the market steadily;

2.     expand the scope of its technology platform services and explore multiple business models, including AI;
       and

3.     strengthen benefits of scale and barriers to entry by expanding the presence of Damai along the value
       chain of the live entertainment industry.

The Group expects to finance its business initiatives in the coming year with its own internal resources, but
may seek external financing if appropriate opportunities and conditions arise.


FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue and Profit

During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB5,036 million, representing an
increase of 44% year-over-year. The adjusted EBITA for the Reporting Period reached approximately RMB504
million, an increase of 61% year-over-year. Thanks to a flourishing business development and a diversified
business structure, net profit attributable to owners of the Company reached approximately RMB285 million
for the Reporting Period, achieving a significant turnaround from a net loss of approximately RMB291 million
for the Corresponding Period.

Earnings per share (basic and diluted) of the Group reached approximately RMB1.03 cents for the
Reporting Period, compared with loss per share (basic and diluted) of approximately RMB1.09 cents for the
Corresponding Period.


Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses

During the Reporting Period, selling and marketing expenses of the Group amounted to approximately
RMB710 million, representing a year-over-year increase of 104% when compared with approximately
RMB348 million for the Corresponding Period. The proportion of selling and marketing expenses in revenue
increased from 10% for the Corresponding Period to 14%. Administrative expenses of the Group increased to
approximately RMB978 million from approximately RMB737 million for the Corresponding Period, representing
a year-over-year increase of 33%. This was primarily due to the increase in activities-related marketing and
administrative expenses of business operations brought by the recovery in the entertainment industry.
     2023/24 年度報告
14   ANNUAL REPORT


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     Net Finance Income

     During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded net finance income of approximately RMB182 million, which
     included interest income on bank deposits and gains on foreign exchange. As the Group’s cash reserves are
     held in multiple currencies, the exchange gain resulted mainly from the depreciation of RMB against U.S. dollar
     (“USD”) during the Reporting Period.


     Material Investments

     As of March 31, 2024, the Group held 17 investments in joint ventures and associates, all of which were
     accounted for using the equity method, with a total book value of approximately RMB1,672 million; the
     Group also held 9 investments in unlisted companies and one investment in a listed company, all of which
     were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, with a total book value of approximately
     RMB701 million.

     The Group’s three largest investments were Bona Film Group Co., Limited, Shanghai Tingdong Film Co., Ltd.
     (上海亭東影業有限公司) and YH Entertainment Group, all of which were engaged in the film production and
     distribution business, artist management and other pan-entertainment businesses.

     As at March 31, 2024, there is no investment held by the Group with a value of 5% or more of the total asset
     of the Group.

     The Group adopted a conservative investment strategy to manage its investment portfolio during the Reporting
     Period. Save as disclosed in this report, the Group did not have other plans for material investments and capital
     assets as of March 31, 2024.


     Financial Resources and Liquidity

     As of March 31, 2024, the Group held cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits with the maturity within
     one year of approximately RMB6,715 million (March 31, 2023: RMB3,922 million), which were denominated
     in currencies including RMB, USD and Hong Kong dollar. As of March 31, 2024, the Group had a net cash
     position with a gearing ratio (being net borrowings over total equity) of nil (March 31, 2023: nil). The Group
     actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between shareholder
     returns and a sound capital position. The Group may make adjustments, where necessary, to maintain
     an optimal capital structure and to reduce the cost of capital. Further, the Group may purchase wealth
     management products, where appropriate, in line with its treasury and investment policies, after taking into
     account, among other things, level of risk, return on investment, liquidity and term of maturity.


     Foreign Exchange Risks

     While the majority of the Group’s production costs and administrative costs are denominated and settled
     in RMB, the Group requires foreign currencies for some of its offshore investments and collaborations with
     studios outside Mainland China. The Group will continue to closely monitor its capital needs and manage
     foreign exchange risks accordingly. As of March 31, 2024, the Group did not have a foreign currency hedging
     policy nor has it used any currency hedging instruments or financial instruments for hedging purpose, but will
     closely monitor its foreign currency exposure in a cost-effective manner.
                                                                                                    2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT        15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Charge on Assets

As of March 31, 2024, the Group did not have any indebtedness secured by assets (March 31, 2023: nil).


Contingent Liabilities

As of March 31, 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (March 31, 2023: nil).


Material Acquisitions and Disposals

Save for the Acquisition as disclosed in the section headed “MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –
Material Acquisitions: Acquisition of Damai” of this annual report, during the Reporting Period, the Group did
not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.


Employees and Remuneration Policies

As of March 31, 2024, the Group had 1,455 employees (March 31, 2023: 1,328 employees). The total
employee benefit expenses of the Group were approximately RMB880 million for the Reporting Period (March
31, 2023: approximately RMB852 million). The remuneration policies of the Group are determined based
on prevailing market rates and the performance of the Group and individual employees. These policies are
reviewed on a regular basis. The Group strongly believes that its staff is an invaluable asset to the Group and
is significant to the Group’s business. Therefore, the Group recognizes the importance of maintaining a good
relationship with employees. In addition to salary, the Group also provides its employees with fringe benefits,
including year-end bonuses, discretionary bonuses, share options under the Company’s share option schemes,
awarded shares under the Company’s share award scheme, contributory provident fund, social security fund,
medical benefits and training.

Details of the basis of determining the emolument payable to the Directors, please refer to the section headed
“CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT – BOARD COMMITTEES – Remuneration Committee” on page 126 of this
annual report.


Subsequent Events

There was no important event which might affect the Group after March 31, 2024 and up to the date of this
annual report.

Note:   The matter on disposal of cinemas (for details of which, please refer to note 35 to the consolidated financial
        statements contained in this annual report) has been taken into account in the preparation of the data in the
        financial year 2023 as referred to in this section headed “MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS”.
     2023/24 年度報告
16   ANNUAL REPORT

     BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
     OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Executive Directors

     Mr. FAN Luyuan, aged 51 and appointed to the Board as executive Director on January 1, 2016, is the
     chairman of the Board, the chief executive officer, the chairman of each of the executive committee and the
     nomination committee and a member of the remuneration committee of the Company. He is also a director of
     certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Fan is a member of Alibaba Partnership and is currently the chairman
     and chief executive officer of Alibaba Digital Media and Entertainment Group. He joined Alipay in 2007, and
     served consecutively as senior director of Development Department, assistant president, vice president and
     senior vice president. He was also president of Alipay Business Unit and Wealth Management Business Unit
     at Ant Financial Services Group. In 2010, he and his team pioneered the first ever Quick Payment, which
     improved the success rate of online transactions and greatly enhanced user experience. In 2013, Mr. Fan led
     his team to create Yu’e Bao, which is now one of the world’s largest financial products on the internet with
     over 600 million users, allowing mass consumers to be able to benefit from easy access to financial products.
     In addition, he and his team made the Alipay APP one of the most popular internet products in China within
     three years. He holds an executive master’s degree in business administration from Cheung Kong Graduate
     School of Business.

     Mr. LI Jie, aged 49 and appointed to the Board on June 24, 2020, is an executive Director and a member
     of the executive committee of the Company. Mr. Li joined the Group on October 1, 2017 and is currently
     the president of the Group, responsible for the investment, promotion and distribution of films and the user
     platform business in Mainland China. He is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Li is a
     vice president of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“AGH”, together with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba Group”) and
     the president of 北京大麥文化傳媒發展有限公司 (Beijing Damai Cultural Media Development Co., Ltd.*).

     He has served as a director of Shanghai Tingdong Film Co., Ltd.* (上海亭東影業有限公司) since January 2019
     and a non-independent director of Beijing Enlight Media Co., Ltd.* (北京光線傳媒股份有限公司) (Shenzhen
     Stock Exchange (“SZSE”) stock code: 300251) since November 12, 2019. Mr. Li was also a non-executive
     director of AGTech Holdings Limited, a company with its shares listed on GEM of The Stock Exchange of
     Hong Kong Limited (“Hong Kong Stock Exchange” or “SEHK”) (SEHK stock code: 8279) from April 2022 to
     May 2023. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Li worked at Youku Tudou Inc. as senior vice president, responsible
     for strategic partnership, human resources and relevant functions; he joined Alibaba Group in April 2016
     upon completion of its acquisition of Youku Tudou Inc. and served as the general manager of its digital
     entertainment business unit. Mr. Li also held some key management positions at AsiaInfo Technology Co.,
     Ltd* (亞信科技股份有限公司) and Acer Group, serving as vice president and general manager of business
     department, respectively. Mr. Li holds a Bachelor of Engineering from Tianjin University and an EMBA degree
     from China Europe International Business School.

     Mr. MENG Jun, aged 44 and appointed to the Board on March 5, 2019, is an executive Director, chief
     financial officer and a member of the executive committee of the Company. He is also a director of certain
     subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Meng joined the Group on April 9, 2018. Before joining the Group,
     Mr. Meng served at Alibaba Group, where he held key financial management positions at a number of
     business units, including among others, Tao Dian Dian, Taobao Movie (now known as Tao Piao Piao), Tmall
     Supermarket and Alibaba Digital Media and Entertainment Group; he continues to hold some of these
     positions after joining the Group. Prior to joining Alibaba Group, Mr. Meng held auditing and financial
     advisory positions at various companies, such as E&Y and IBM. Mr. Meng has been a non-independent director
     of Bona Film Group Co., Limited (SZSE stock code: 001330) since May 2023 and a non-executive director of
     YH Entertainment Group (SEHK stock code: 2306) since June 2023. Mr. Meng holds a bachelor’s degree in
     economics from Beijing Technology and Business University.
                                                                                        2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT             17
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Non-Executive Director

Mr. TUNG Pen Hung, aged 54 and appointed to the Board on May 15, 2023, is a non-executive Director.
Mr. Tung has been the president of corporate development department of Alibaba Group since May 2023.
From January 2016 to April 2023, he was the chief marketing officer of Alibaba Group. He was also the
president of Alimama from November 2017 to November 2018. He was the chief executive officer of VML
China, a marketing agency, from October 2010 to January 2016. Prior to joining VML China, he was at
PepsiCo China from October 2004 to October 2010 where he served as vice president of marketing. Prior to
that, Mr. Tung worked at Proctor & Gamble from 1995 to 1998, Gigamedia from 1998 to 2001 and L’Oréal
Paris from 2001 to 2003 in various senior management positions. Mr. Tung was a non-executive director of
Weibo Corporation, a Chinese social network company listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol: WB) and the Main
Board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange (SEHK stock code: 9898) during January 2022 and August 2023. In
addition, he has been a non-executive director of AGTech Holdings Limited, a company listed on GEM of the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange (SEHK stock code: 8279) since May 2023. He received a bachelor of science in
electrical engineering from the Taiwan University and a master of science in engineering from the University of
Michigan, Ann Arbor, the United States in 1992 and 1995, respectively.


Independent Non-Executive Directors

Ms. SONG Lixin, aged 56 and appointed to the Board on December 22, 2014, is an independent non-
executive Director and a member of each of the audit committee and the remuneration committee of the
Company. She has been the chairperson of the board of directors of Yingcaiyuan Investment Management
Co., Ltd.* (英才元投資管理有限公司) since December 2015. Ms. Song has more than 20 years of experience
in the cultural and business sector. Ms. Song founded the China Annual Management Summit in 2001 which
has continued to run for 21 consecutive years to date. Ms. Song has been an independent director of Bona
Film Group Co., Limited (SZSE stock code: 001330) since May 2023. Ms. Song holds a bachelor’s degree in law
from Renmin University of China and received an MBA degree from Tsinghua University.

Mr. TONG Xiaomeng, aged 50 and appointed to the Board on June 27, 2014, is an independent non-
executive Director, the chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of each of the audit
committee and the nomination committee of the Company. He is a co-founder and managing partner at Boyu
Capital. Prior to founding Boyu Capital, Mr. Tong was a managing director at General Atlantic and Providence
Equity Partners, where he headed both firms’ Greater China practice and served as a director at a number
of publicly-listed and privately-held companies. Mr. Tong graduated from Harvard University where he was a
member of Phi Beta Kappa.

Mr. Tong is currently a non-executive director of WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd.* (Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”)
stock code: 603259 and SEHK stock code: 2359).
     2023/24 年度報告
18   ANNUAL REPORT

     BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
     OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. Johnny CHEN, aged 64 and appointed to the Board as independent non-executive Director on January
     29, 2016, is the chairman of the audit committee and a member of the nomination committee of the
     Company. Mr. Chen joined the management of Zurich Insurance Group (“Zurich”) in 2005. He worked in
     Zurich from March 2005 to February 2015 in multiple senior managerial roles in Asia-Pacific region. His last
     position in Zurich was the chairman of China. Prior to joining Zurich, Mr. Chen was an executive member of
     the Greater-China Management Board and the Operating Committee of PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”), as
     well as a managing partner of PwC’s Beijing office. Mr. Chen holds a Master of Science Degree in Accounting
     from the University of Rhode Island and a Bachelor Degree of Accounting from the Johnson & Wales
     University. He is a U.S. certified public accountant.

     Mr. Chen is currently an independent non-executive director of each of Uni-President China Holdings Ltd.
     (SEHK stock code: 220) and China Travel International Investment Hong Kong Limited (SEHK stock code: 308).
     Mr. Chen was an independent non-executive director of Stella International Holdings Limited (SEHK stock
     code: 1836) from February 2009 to May 2023. He was an executive director (December 2017 – December
     2020), non-executive director (January 2021 – March 2021) and the chairman (December 2017 – March 2021)
     of the board of directors of Convoy Global Holdings Limited (SEHK stock code: 1019).

     Details of the Directors’ interests in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as at March 31, 2024
     are set out on the section headed “DIRECTORS’ REPORT - INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE”
     of this annual report.


     Joint Company Secretaries

     Ms. ZHANG Ying has been the joint company secretary of the Company since September 30, 2023. She has
     been qualified as a lawyer in the PRC since November 2009. She has approximately 20 years of relevant work
     experience, and has extensive experience in the legal field. She has been the General Counsel of the Company
     since March 2019, and is responsible for leading the legal department of the Company and overseeing all
     legal and compliance matters, security and government affairs of the Company. Prior to joining the Company,
     Ms. Zhang was the Investment Legal Director of the Legal and Compliance Department of Alibaba Group
     from June 2014 to February 2019, and was responsible for legal work relating to Alibaba Group’s domestic
     investments. Before joining Alibaba Group, she worked as a solicitor and a partner at Commerce & Finance
     Law Offices (通商律師事務所) from March 2005 to May 2014. She obtained a Bachelor of Laws degree from
     the China University of Political Science and Law in June 2003, and a Master of Laws degree from the London
     School of Economics and Political Science in November 2004.

     Ms. NG Wing Shan has been the joint company secretary of the Company since September 30, 2023. She is
     currently an associate director of the corporate services department of Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited.
     Ms. Ng has 20 years of experience in the corporate secretarial field and has been providing professional
     corporate services to Hong Kong listed companies and private companies. Ms. Ng is currently acting as the
     joint company secretary of certain companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. She has acted as
     company secretary or joint company secretary for various other Hong Kong listed companies since 2015.
     Ms. Ng is a fellow member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and a fellow member of The
     Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom.
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT          19
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Ms. CHUN Ka Yan was the company secretary of the Company from June 30, 2022 to September 30, 2023.
She has more than 10 years of working experience in the legal field and is currently a senior legal counsel
in Alibaba Group. Prior to joining Alibaba Group, she was a partner in P. C. Woo & Co. from November
2019 to January 2022. She also worked at various local and international law firms from 2010 to 2019. Ms.
Chun obtained a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from The Hong Kong University of Science and
Technology and a Graduate Diploma in Law (Common Professional Examination). She was admitted as a
solicitor of the High Court of Hong Kong in 2010 and is currently a member of the Law Society of Hong Kong.

Save as disclosed herein, none of the Directors or senior management has a relationship (including financial,
business, family or other material relationship) with each other.


Changes in Directors and Senior Management

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
(the “Listing Rules”), the changes in particulars of Directors and senior management during the Reporting
Period are set out below:

Mr. LIU Zheng ceased to serve as a non-executive Director with effect from May 15, 2023.

Mr. TUNG Pen Hung was appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from May 15, 2023. Mr. TUNG
ceased to act as a non-executive director of Weibo Corporation, a Chinese social network company listed on
Nasdaq (stock symbol: WB) and the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (SEHK stock code: 9898) on
August 23, 2023.

Ms. CHUN Ka Yan ceased to serve as the company secretary of the Company, an authorised representative
of the Company under Rule 3.05 of the Listing Rules (the “Authorised Representative”) and the authorised
representative of the Company to accept service of process and notices in Hong Kong under the Companies
Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “Process Agent”), respectively, on September 30,
2023.

Ms. ZHANG Ying was appointed as the joint company secretary of the Company on September 30, 2023.

Ms. NG Wing Shan was appointed as the joint company secretary of the Company, an Authorised
Representative and the Process Agent, respectively, on September 30, 2023.

Mr. FAN Luyuan ceased to serve as an Authorised Representative on November 3, 2023.

Mr. MENG Jun was appointed as an Authorised Representative on November 3, 2023. He was also appointed
as a non-executive director of YH Entertainment Group (SEHK stock code: 2306) on June 28, 2023, and has
been a non-independent director of Bona Film Group Co., Limited (SZSE stock code: 001330) since May 2023.

Mr. LI Jie ceased to act as a non-executive director of AGTech Holdings Limited (SEHK stock code: 8279) on
May 12, 2023.




*   For identification purposes only
     2023/24 年度報告
20   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     The Board presents their report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
     Reporting Period.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

     The Company is an investment holding company. The activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in note
     34 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report.


     RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

     The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on
     page 157 of this annual report.

     The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 2024
     (2023: nil).

     During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, there is no arrangement under which
     any shareholder of the Company (the “Shareholders”) has waived or agreed to waive any dividend.


     SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY

     Details of share capital of the Company are set out in note 24 to the consolidated financial statements
     contained in this annual report.


     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

     As at March 31, 2024, the Company’s distributable reserves calculated in accordance with the provisions of
     the Bermuda Companies Act was nil (March 31, 2023: nil).


     BUSINESS REVIEW

     The business review of the Group as at March 31, 2024 is set out under the section headed “MANAGEMENT
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS” of this annual report on pages 5 to 15.


     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

     Principal risks and uncertainties the Group faces are set out under the sections headed (i) “CORPORATE
     GOVERNANCE REPORT – ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT – Risk Management and Internal Control –
     Management and Disclosure of Material Risks” of this annual report on pages 137 to 140, (ii) “DIRECTORS’
     REPORT – CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS – Continuing connected transactions – (21) Contractual Arrangements
     – I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring – Risks associated with the I–Contractual
     Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to mitigate the risks” of this annual report on pages 84 to
     85, and (iii) “DIRECTORS’ REPORT – CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS – Continuing connected transactions – (21)
     Contractual Arrangements – II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition – Risks associated with
     the II-Contractual Arrangements and the action taken by the Group to mitigate the risks” of this annual report
     on pages 106 to 107.
                                                                                            2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT              21
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out
on page 272.


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the publication date of this report were:


Executive Directors
Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Li Jie
Mr. Meng Jun


Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Tung Pen Hung (Appointed on May 15, 2023)
Mr. Liu Zheng (Resigned on May 15, 2023)


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Ms. Song Lixin
Mr. Tong Xiaomeng
Mr. Johnny Chen

On May 15, 2023, Mr. Liu Zheng resigned as non-executive Director to focus on his other work commitments
with Alibaba Group. Mr. Liu has also confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board. On the same day,
Mr. Tung Pen Hung was appointed as non-executive Director.

Pursuant to rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules (“Rule 3.09D”), which became effective from 31 December 2023,
every director of a listed issuer must obtain legal advice from a firm of solicitors qualified to advise on Hong
Kong law as regards the requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to him as a director of a
listed issuer and the possible consequences of making a false declaration or giving false information to the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. Tung Pen Hung was appointed as non-executive Director on May 15, 2023,
which was before the effective date of Rule 3.09D. Mr. Tung has submitted the relevant declaration and
undertaking with regard to directors with the legal adviser’s certification thereon to the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange under the then Listing Rules requirements.

Except as disclosed above, no Director had resigned from the office or refused to stand for re-election to the
office during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.

In accordance with bye-law 87(2) of the Bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-laws”), Mr. Li Jie, Mr. Meng Jun
and Mr. Johnny Chen shall retire from office by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting (“AGM”)
and, all being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election.

The Directors’ biographical details are set out on pages 16 to 18.

During the Reporting Period, there were no arrangements under which a director has waived or agreed to
waive any emoluments.
     2023/24 年度報告
22   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE

     As at March 31, 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the
     Company and their associates in the shares (the “Shares”), underlying Shares or debentures of the Company
     and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Hong
     Kong (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO
     or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code
     for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the
     Listing Rules were as follows:


     Interest in the Shares and underlying Shares (Long position)



                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                    Percentage
                                                                                                                 of Aggregate
                                                                                                                   Interests to
                                                   Number of              Derivatives                             Total Issued
                                                    Ordinary           Share            Awarded     Aggregate    Shares of the
     Name of Director    Capacity                 Shares held         Options             Shares     Interests       Company
                                                                                                                        (Note 1)

     Fan Luyuan          Beneficial owner           1,448,276       11,175,000      15,735,000      28,358,276           0.10%

     Li Jie              Beneficial owner           7,393,841                –      21,031,250      28,425,091           0.10%

     Meng Jun            Beneficial owner             569,004                –          4,995,750    5,564,754           0.02%

     Note:

     1.       Based on a total of 29,488,769,003 ordinary Shares in issue as at March 31, 2024.
                                                                                                    2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT             23
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE (Continued)

Interest in the shares and underlying shares of AGH, an associated corporation of the
Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO

                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                                              aggregate
                                                                                                             interests to
                                              Number of shares/underlying shares held                       total issued
Name of Director            Capacity                      (Long position)                                 shares of AGH
                                                    (in the number
                                                       of American             (in the number
                                                  Depositary Shares         of ordinary shares
                                                (“ADS(s)”) of AGH)                    of AGH)
                                                           (Note 1)                   (Note 1)                     (Note 2)

Fan Luyuan                  Note 3                          420,839                  3,366,712                      0.02%
Li Jie                      Note 4                           76,488                    611,904                      0.00%
Meng Jun                    Note 5                           18,161                    145,288                      0.00%
Tung Pen Hung               Note 6                           79,676                    637,408                      0.00%
Tong Xiaomeng               Note 7                          117,647                    941,176                      0.00%

Notes:

1.       One ADS of AGH represents eight ordinary shares of AGH; and one restricted share unit (“RSU(s)”) of AGH
         represents one ADS of AGH.

2.       Based on a total of 19,469,126,956 ordinary shares of AGH in issue as at March 31, 2024.

3.       The interest comprised (i) 18,731 ADSs of AGH and 21,251 RSUs of AGH held by Mr. Fan Luyuan beneficially; and (ii)
         380,857 ADSs of AGH held by a trust, of which Mr. Fan Luyuan is a founder.

4.       The interest comprised 62,487 ADSs of AGH and 14,001 RSUs of AGH held by Mr. Li Jie beneficially.

5.       The interest comprised (i) 9,388 ADSs of AGH and 6,650 RSUs of AGH held by Mr. Meng Jun beneficially; and (ii)
         2,123 ADSs of AGH held by the spouse of Mr. Meng Jun.

6.       The interest comprised 61,926 ADSs of AGH and 17,750 RSUs of AGH held by Mr. Tung Pen Hung beneficially.

7.       The interest comprised 117,647 ADSs of AGH held by Mr. Tong Xiaomeng beneficially.
     2023/24 年度報告
24   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE (Continued)

     Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2024, none of the Directors, chief executive of the Company nor
     their respective associates had any interests or short positions in any Shares, underlying Shares or debentures
     of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded
     in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
     Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES

     The Shareholders approved the adoption of share option schemes on May 23, 2002 (the “2002 Share Option
     Scheme”) and June 11, 2012 (the “2012 Share Option Scheme”) respectively. The 2002 Share Option Scheme
     expired on May 22, 2012 and no further share options of the Company (the “Share Options”) shall be granted
     under the 2002 Share Option Scheme thereafter. All outstanding Share Options granted under the 2002 Share
     Option Scheme lapsed during the year ended December 31, 2015.

     On August 31, 2021, the Shareholders approved the termination (“Termination”) of the 2012 Share Option
     Scheme upon a new share option scheme (the “2021 Share Option Scheme”) becoming effective. Following
     the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s granting the approval of the listing of, and the permission to deal in, the
     Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Share Options granted under the 2021 Share Option
     Scheme, the adoption of the 2021 Share Option Scheme and the termination of the 2012 Share Option
     Scheme have become effective from September 6, 2021. No Share Options would be granted or had been
     granted since September 6, 2021. All outstanding Share Options granted under the 2012 Share Option
     Scheme shall remain valid and exercisable in accordance with the terms thereof.

     On August 30, 2023, the Shareholders approved the amendments to the terms of the 2021 Share Option
     Scheme to conform with the amendments to the Listing Rules relating to share schemes of listed issuers, which
     took effect from January 1, 2023.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT           25
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

2021 Share Option Scheme

The following is a summary of the principal terms of the rules of the 2021 Share Option Scheme (as amended
on August 30, 2023):

SOS Participants

The participants of the 2021 Share Option Scheme (“SOS Participant(s)”) refers to any person belonging to any
of the following classes of participants:

(i)     any employee (including both full-time and part-time) of the Company or any subsidiary (within the
        meaning of section 15 of the Companies Ordinance, Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong, as
        modified from time to time) of the Company, whether incorporated in Hong Kong, Bermuda, the
        PRC or elsewhere (“SOS Subsidiary”), including (without limitation) any executive director of the
        Company or any SOS Subsidiary, who is in employment of the Company or any SOS Subsidiary (“SOS
        Employee(s)”);

(ii)    any executive or non-executive director of the Company (including independent non-executive Director),
        any SOS Subsidiary, any Associated Company (as defined below) or any Related Entity (as defined
        below);

(iii)   any employees (including both full-time and part-time) of any Related Entity or any Associated
        Company, including (without limitation) any executive director of any Related Entity or any Associated
        Company, who is in employment of any Related Entity or any Associated Company (the “Related Entity
        Employee(s)”); or

(iv)    any person who provides services to the Group on a continuing or recurring basis in its ordinary and
        usual course of business which are in the interests of the long term growth of the Group, including:
        (a) suppliers of services to any member of the Group; and (b) advisors (professional or others) or
        consultants to any area of business or business development of any member of the Group, provided
        that any placing agents or financial advisers providing advisory services to the Group for fundraising,
        mergers or acquisitions and professional services providers such as auditors or valuers who provide
        assurance or are required to perform their services with impartiality and objectivity should not be SOS
        Service Providers for the purpose of the 2021 Share Option Scheme (the “SOS Service Provider”);

who the Board considers, in its sole discretion, has contributed or will contribute to the Company.

Purpose

The purpose of the 2021 Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant Share Options to selected
SOS Participants as incentives and/or rewards for their contribution and support to the Group and any
company in which the Group may have a direct or indirect investment in 20% or more of its voting powers
(the “Associated Company”) and any company which is a holding company or a fellow subsidiary (i.e. a
subsidiary of a holding company) of the Company (the “Related Entity”) and/or to recruit and retain high-
calibre SOS Employees, or any Related Entity Employees and attract human resources that are valuable to the
Group, any Associated Company and any Related Entity. The basis of eligibility of any of the SOS Participants
for the grant of Share Options shall be determined by the Board from time to time on the basis of the Board’s
opinion as to his contribution or potential contribution to the development and growth of the Group.
     2023/24 年度報告
26   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

     Duration and Administration

     Subject to the termination provision under the 2021 Share Option Scheme, the 2021 Share Option Scheme
     shall be valid and effective for the period (the “Scheme Period”) commencing on the date on which the 2021
     Share Option Scheme becomes unconditional (being September 6, 2021, the “Option Scheme Adoption Date”)
     and expiring on the earlier of:

     –      the date on which 10 years from the Option Scheme Adoption Date expires; and

     –      the date on which the 2021 Share Option Scheme is terminated pursuant to the rules of the 2021 Share
            Option Scheme.

     After the Scheme Period, no further Share Options will be granted or accepted but the provisions of the 2021
     Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect in all other respects.

     Subject to the provisions in respect of disputes under the 2021 Share Option Scheme, the 2021 Share Option
     Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board (including the independent non-executive Directors)
     whose decision as to all matters relating to the 2021 Share Option Scheme or its interpretations or effect (save
     as otherwise provided therein) shall be final and binding on all parties.

     As at March 31, 2024, the remaining life of the 2021 Share Option Scheme is approximately 6 years.

     Grant of Share Options

     On and subject to the terms of the 2021 Share Option Scheme, the Board shall be entitled at any time and
     from time to time during the Scheme Period to offer to grant to any SOS Participant as the Board may in
     its absolute discretion select, and subject to such conditions (including but not limited to imposing vesting
     period(s) for the Share Options) (which shall not be inconsistent with the terms of the 2021 Share Option
     Scheme) as the Board may think fit, a Share Option to subscribe for such number of Shares (as may be
     permitted under the terms of the 2021 Share Option Scheme) as the Board may determine at the Subscription
     Price (as defined in the paragraph headed “Subscription Price” below).

     An offer of the grant of a Share Option shall be made to a SOS Participant by letter in such form or means
     (including in hard copy or electronic format) as the Board may from time to time determine requiring such SOS
     Participant to whom any offer of the grant of a Share Option is made (the “Offeree”) to undertake to hold the
     Share Option on the terms on which it is to be granted and to be bound by the provisions of the 2021 Share
     Option Scheme (the “Offer Letter”). Such offer shall be personal to the Offeree and shall not be transferable,
     and shall remain open for acceptance by the Offeree for a period (the “Acceptance Period”) of 21 days from
     the date of grant provided that no such offer shall be open for acceptance after the expiry of the Scheme
     Period.

     A Share Option shall be deemed to have been accepted when (a) (where applicable) the duplicate of the Offer
     Letter and/or (b) the acceptance form of such offer is duly signed and dated by the Offeree in such form and
     means as specified in the Offer Letter, together with a remittance in favour of the Company of HK$1.00 by
     way of consideration for the grant thereof is received or deemed to be received by the Company within the
     Acceptance Period. Such remittance shall in no circumstances be refundable.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT             27
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

Grant of Share Options (Continued)

The grant of Share Options to a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder (as defined in the
Listing Rules) of the Company or any of their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) under
the 2021 Share Option Scheme shall be approved by all independent non-executive Directors (excluding any
independent non-executive Director who is a grantee of the Share Option(s) in question).

Where the grant of Share Options to an independent non-executive Director or a substantial shareholder (as
defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company or any of their respective associates would result in the Shares
issued and to be issued in respect of all the Share Options, options and awards under the other share schemes
(adopted by the Company from time to time) (the “Other Schemes”) granted (excluding any Share Options,
share options or awards under the Other Schemes lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Share
Option Scheme or the Other Schemes) to such person in any 12-month period up to and including the date of
grant, representing in aggregate more than 0.1% of the Shares in issue for the time being, such further grant
of Share Options must be approved by the Shareholders in general meeting.

Subscription Price

The price per Share at which a grantee may subscribe for Shares on the exercise of a Share Option (the
“Subscription Price”) shall be a price notified by the Board to the Offeree (subject to any adjustments made
pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Share Option Scheme) and shall be at least the highest of:

(a)    the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on
       the date of grant which must be a business day;

(b)    the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations
       sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and

(c)    the nominal value of a Share.

Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Board may grant Share Options in respect of which
the Subscription Price is fixed at different prices for different periods during the Scheme Period provided that
the Subscription Price for each of the different periods shall not be less than the Subscription Price determined
in the manner set out in the paragraphs above.
     2023/24 年度報告
28   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

     Exercise of Share Options

     A Share Option shall be personal to the grantee and shall not be transferable or assignable and no grantee
     shall in any way sell, transfer, assign, charge, mortgage, encumber or create any interest in, over or to any
     Share Option in favour of any third party. The Company may, after having reasonably satisfied itself that the
     grantee shall have committed a breach of this paragraph, revoke any Share Option granted to such grantee (to
     the extent that it has become exercisable and not already exercised by notice). Such revocation shall be final
     and binding on such grantee.

     Subject to other provisions in the 2021 Share Option Scheme, the Offer Letter and any restrictions which may
     be imposed by the Board or applicable under the Listing Rules and notwithstanding the terms of grant thereof,
     the Share Option, to the extent it is vested and has not expired, may be exercised by the grantee at any time
     during the period of 10 years commencing on the date of grant and expiring on the last day of the said 10-
     year period (the “Option Period”), provided that, among others, at the time of exercise of the Share Option,
     the grantee (as a SOS Employee or a Related Entity Employee) shall have already been and remains as a SOS
     Employee or a Related Entity Employee for a period of 12 months or more.

     Subject to the exceptions below, a Share Option shall be held for a minimum period, being the vesting period
     (i.e. the period between the date of grant and the day on which such Share Option vests and becomes
     exercisable, both days inclusive, and such period shall not be less than 12 months or such other period as the
     Listing Rules may prescribe or permit except otherwise permitted under the 2021 Share Option Scheme and/
     or the Listing Rules in respect of any particular Share Option granted to an SOS Employee or Related Entity
     Employee) (the “Vesting Period”), and the performance target (if any) must be achieved before it can become
     vested and exercisable and the Vesting Period shall be determined by the Board from time to time. A Share
     Option granted to a grantee may be subject to a shorter Vesting Period under specific circumstances which
     include but not limited to those as set out below:

     (a)   grants of “make-whole” Share Options to a SOS Participant (who is a new joiner) to replace the awards
           or options he forfeited when leaving his previous employer(s). In such case, the Vesting Period may be
           shorter to reflect the remaining vesting period in respect of the forfeited awards or share options;

     (b)   grants of “make-whole” Share Options to a SOS Participant who is an existing key personnel of a newly
           acquired SOS Subsidiary to replace the awards or options he forfeited upon the acquisition of the SOS
           Subsidiary by the Company. In such case, the Vesting Period may be shorter to reflect the remaining
           vesting period in respect of the forfeited awards or share options;

     (c)   grants to a SOS Participant whose employment is terminated due to retirement, death, disability, or
           reason other than resignation or termination of employment on any one or more of the grounds as
           stipulated in the 2021 Share Option Scheme. In such circumstance(s), the vesting of an Option may
           accelerate;

     (d)   grants of Share Options with performance-based vesting condition(s) as provided in the 2021 Share
           Option Scheme, in lieu of time-based vesting criteria;

     (e)   grants that are made in batches during a year for administrative and compliance reasons, which may
           include Share Options that should have been granted earlier but had to wait for a subsequent batch.
           In such cases, the vesting periods may be shorter to reflect the time from which a Share Option would
           have been granted;
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT           29
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

Exercise of Share Options (Continued)

(f)    grants of Share Options with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule such as where such Share Options
       may vest evenly over a period of 12 months; or

(g)    grants of Share Options with a total Vesting Period and holding period of more than 12 months.

Maximum Number of Shares Available For Subscription

Subject to any other relevant provisions in the 2021 Share Option Scheme, the total number of Shares
(i) available for issue upon exercise of all Share Options which have been or may be granted under the 2021
Share Option Scheme and (ii) available for issue in respect of any share options or awards which have been
or may be granted under Other Schemes must not, in aggregate, exceed 8% of the Shares in issue as at the
date being approved by the Shareholders in general meeting (the “SOS Scheme Mandate Limit”) unless an
approval by the Shareholders at general meeting has been obtained. Share Options lapsed in accordance with
the terms of the 2021 Share Option Scheme and awards or share options lapsed in accordance with the terms
of the Other Schemes will not be counted for the purpose of calculating the SOS Scheme Mandate Limit. The
Company may seek the approval of the Shareholders in general meeting to refresh the SOS Scheme Mandate
Limit and a circular shall be issued to the Shareholders.

If the Company conducts a share consolidation or subdivision after the 8% limit has been approved in general
meeting, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued upon exercise of all Share Options to be granted
under the 2021 Share Option Scheme and any Other Schemes under the 8% limit as a percentage of the total
number of issued Shares at the date immediately before and after such consolidation or subdivision shall be
the same.

Subject to the SOS Scheme Mandate Limit, the total number of Shares that may be issued in respect of all
Share Options granted to SOS Service Providers under the 2021 Share Option Scheme must not exceed 1%
of the Shares in issue provided always that any utilization under the SOS Service Provider Sublimit shall be
regarded as utilization within the SOS Scheme Mandate Limit (the “SOS Service Provider Sublimit”).

The Company may seek separate approval of the Shareholders in general meeting to grant Share Options
beyond the SOS Scheme Mandate Limit, provided that the Share Options in excess of the SOS Scheme
Mandate Limit are granted only to SOS Participants specifically identified by the Company before such approval
is sought.
     2023/24 年度報告
30   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

     Individual Limit

     The total number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of the Share Options granted under the 2021
     Share Option Scheme and share options and awards granted under the Other Schemes to each grantee
     (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding/unvested Share Options, options and awards, but excluding
     any Share Options, share options and awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Share Option
     Scheme or the Other Schemes) in any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the aggregate number of
     Shares for the time being in issue.

     Where any further grant of Share Options to a grantee would result in the Shares issued and to be issued
     upon exercise of all Share Options granted and to be granted under 2021 Share Option Scheme and share
     options and awards granted under the Other Schemes to such grantee (including exercised, cancelled and
     outstanding/unvested Share Options, options and awards, but excluding any Share Options, share options and
     awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Share Option Scheme or the Other Schemes) in the
     12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant representing in aggregate over 1% of the
     aggregate number of Shares for the time being in issue, such further grant must be separately approved by the
     Shareholders in general meeting with such grantee and his close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) (or
     his associates if he is a connected person (as defined in the Listing Rules)) abstaining from voting.

     As at the date of this annual report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the 2021 Share
     Option Scheme was 2,158,059,212 Shares (Note), representing approximately 7.32% of the total number of
     Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares (if any)).

     Note:

     The total number of Shares which may be issued under the 2021 Share Option Scheme, the Share Award Scheme (as defined
     below) and any other share schemes of the Company (if any) shall not exceed 2,158,059,212 Shares.
                                                                                                    2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT                31
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

Movements of Share Options – 2021 Share Option Scheme

As of March 31, 2024, no Share Option was granted under the 2021 Share Option Scheme.

No Share Options were outstanding, granted, exercised, expired, lapsed or cancelled under the 2021 Share
Option Scheme during the Reporting Period.

Given that no Share Option has been granted under the 2021 Share Option Scheme during the Reporting
Period, it is not applicable for the Company to set out the number of Share Options granted under all share
schemes of the Company during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares of
the relevant class in issue (excluding treasury shares (if any)) for the Reporting Period.

The total numbers of Share Options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the 2021 Share
Option Scheme as at April 1, 2023 and March 31, 2024 were 2,683,678,641 and 2,158,059,212 (Note
1), respectively, representing approximately 9.95% and 7.32% of the Company’s issued shares as at the
respective dates.

The total number of Share Options available for grant under the SOS Service Provider Sublimit as at April
1, 2023 and March 31, 2024 were nil and 269,757,401 (Note 2) (representing approximately 0.91% of the
Company’s issued shares as at March 31, 2024), respectively. No service provider sublimit was set under the
2021 Share Option Scheme prior to August 30, 2023.

Notes:

1.       The total number of Shares which may be issued under the 2021 Share Option Scheme, the Share Award Scheme (as
         defined below) and any other share schemes of the Company (if any) shall not exceed 2,158,059,212 Shares.

2.       Any utilization under the SOS Service Provider Sublimit shall be regarded as utilization within the SOS Share Mandate
         Limit.
     2023/24 年度報告
32   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     2012 Share Option Scheme

     Movements of Share Options – 2012 Share Option Scheme

     Movements of the Share Options granted by the Company pursuant to the 2012 Share Option Scheme during
     the Reporting Period were as follows:

                                                                  Weighted
                                                                    average
                                                               closing price
                                                                   of shares
                                                               immediately
                                                    Closing           before    Number of      Number of    Number of    Number of    Number of      Number of
                                                       price        the date         Share          Share        Share        Share         Share         Share
                                                  per Share       on which         Options        Options      Options      Options      Options        Options
                                                immediately       the Share    outstanding        granted    exercised       lapsed     cancelled   outstanding
                                    Exercise         before          Options          as of    during the   during the   during the   during the           as of   Exercise/
     Name/category    Date of           price      the date            were         April 1,    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting      March 31,     vesting
     of grantees      grant        per Share       of grant       exercised           2023         Period       Period       Period        Period          2024      period
                                       (HK$)          (HK$)            (HK$)                                                                                         (Notes)

     Director
     Mr. Fan Luyuan   05/06/2020       1.070          1.050               –      3,675,000              –            –            –            –      3,675,000         1(iii)
                      16/06/2021       1.066          1.060               –      7,500,000              –            –            –            –      7,500,000         1(iii)

                      Sub-total                                                 11,175,000              –            –            –            –     11,175,000


     Employees
                      18/01/2018       1.060          1.070               –      1,200,000              –            –           –             –      1,200,000         1(i)
                      31/05/2019       1.630          1.600               –        800,000              –            –     800,000             –              –         1(ii)
                      05/06/2020       1.070          1.050               –        300,000              –            –     300,000             –              –         1(ii)

                      Sub-total                                                  2,300,000              –            –    1,100,000            –      1,200,000


                      Total                                                     13,475,000              –            –    1,100,000            –     12,375,000
                                                                                                    2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT               33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

2012 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

Movements of Share Options – 2012 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

Notes:

1.       The Share Options granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme are subject to a vesting schedule and can be
         exercised in the following manner:

         (i)    Category A

                Vesting Date                                                  Percentage that can be exercised

                First vesting date (being second anniversary of               Up to 50% of the Share Options granted
                   the relevant employment commencement date)
                First anniversary of first vesting date                       Up to 75% of the Share Options granted
                Second anniversary of first vesting date                      Up to 100% of the Share Options granted

                The vesting period of the Share Options under Category A commences on the date of commencement of
                employment of the relevant grantee, and the first vesting date falls on the second anniversary of the date of
                commencement of employment.

         (ii)   Category B

                Vesting Date                                                  Percentage that can be exercised

                First vesting date (being first anniversary                   Up to 25% of the Share Options granted
                   of the relevant promotion effective date
                   or performance incentive effective date or
                   employment commencement date)
                First anniversary of first vesting date                       Up to 50% of the Share Options granted
                Second anniversary of first vesting date                      Up to 75% of the Share Options granted
                Third anniversary of first vesting date                       Up to 100% of the Share Options granted

                The vesting period of the Share Options under Category B commences on promotion effective date,
                performance incentive effective date or the date of commencement of employment of the relevant grantee,
                and the first vesting date falls on the first anniversary of the date of commencement of the vesting period.
     2023/24 年度報告
34   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     2012 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

     Notes: (Continued)

     1.     The Share Options granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme are subject to a vesting schedule and can be
            exercised in the following manner: (Continued)

            (iii)   Category C

                    Vesting Date                                                   Percentage that can be exercised

                    First vesting date (being first anniversary of the             Up to 1/6 of the Share Options granted
                       relevant performance incentive date)
                    First anniversary of first vesting date                        Up to 1/3 of the Share Options granted
                    Second anniversary of first vesting date                       Up to 1/2 of the Share Options granted
                    Third anniversary of first vesting date                        Up to 2/3 of the Share Options granted
                    Fourth anniversary of first vesting date                       Up to 5/6 of the Share Options granted
                    Fifth anniversary of first vesting date                        Up to 100% of the Share Options granted

                    The vesting period of the Share Options under Category C commences on performance incentive date of the
                    relevant grantee, and the first vesting date falls on the first anniversary of the date of commencement of the
                    vesting period.

     2.     The period within which the Share Options must be exercised shall not be more than 10 years from the date of
            grant.


     3.     Given that as disclosed above, no Share Options could be granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme upon
            Termination, it is not applicable for the Company to set out:

            (i)     the fair value of the Share Options granted during the Reporting Period; nor

            (ii)    the number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the Share Options granted under all share scheme of
                    the Company during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares of the relevant
                    class in issue (excluding treasury shares (if any)) for the Reporting Period; nor

            (iii)   the number of Share Options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the 2012 Share Option
                    Scheme.

     4.     No service provider sublimit was set under the 2012 Share Option Scheme.
                                                                                            2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT         35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

Share Award Scheme

The share award scheme of the Company (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on
December 30, 2016 (the “SAS Adoption Date”) and amended on March 29, 2019, January 17, 2020 and
August 30, 2023 (the “SAS Approval Date”), respectively. Summary of principal terms of the Share Award
Scheme are set forth below:

SAS Eligible Participants

The participants of the Share Award Scheme (the “SAS Eligible Participant(s)”) refers to:

(a)    any individual being an employee (whether full-time or part-time) and directors (including any executive
       director, non-executive director and independent non-executive director) of any member of the Group,
       any Related Entity or any Associated Company (the “SAS Employee”); and/or

(b)    any person who provides services to the Group on a continuing or recurring basis in its ordinary and
       usual course of business which are in the interests of the long term growth of the Group, including:
       (a) suppliers of services to any member of the Group; and (b) advisors (professional or others) or
       consultants to any area of business or business development of any member of the Group, provided
       that any placing agents or financial advisers providing advisory services to the Group for fundraising,
       mergers or acquisitions and professional services providers such as auditors or valuers who provide
       assurance or are required to perform their services with impartiality and objectivity should not be
       Service Providers for the purpose of the Share Award Scheme (the “SAS Service Provider”).

Purposes and Objectives

To recognize the contributions by certain SAS Employees and SAS Service Providers and to provide incentives
to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group, and to attract suitable personnel for
further development of the Group.

Administration

The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board and the trustee in accordance
with the rules of the Share Award Scheme (the “Scheme Rules”) and the trust deed dated December 30, 2016
entered into between the Company and the trustee (the “Trust Deed”). The decision of the Board with respect
to any matter arising under the Share Award Scheme (including the interpretation of any provision) shall be
final and binding.
     2023/24 年度報告
36   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     Share Award Scheme (Continued)

     Duration

     Subject to any early termination determined by the Board, the Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective
     for a term (the “Trust Period”) commencing on the SAS Adoption Date and ending on the first to happen of
     the following, namely:

     (a)    the 10th anniversary date of the SAS Adoption Date;

     (b)    the date when an order for the winding-up of the Company is made or a resolution is passed for the
            voluntary winding-up of the Company; or

     (c)    the date as may be informed by the Company that the Share Award Scheme shall be terminated.

     As at March 31, 2024, the remaining life of the Share Award Scheme is approximately 2.75 years.

     Scheme Limit

     The maximum aggregate number of Shares in respect of which awards (the “Awards”) of Shares (the
     “Awarded Shares”) may be granted by the Board pursuant to the Share Award Scheme and any other schemes
     of the Company must not exceed eight percent (8%) of the Shares in issue as at the SAS Approval Date (the
     “SAS Initial Mandate Limit”).

     The Company may refresh the scheme mandate limit (i.e. the SAS Initial Mandate Limit or the SAS Refreshed
     Mandate Limit (as defined below) (as the case may be)) (the “SAS Scheme Mandate Limit”) by ordinary
     resolution of the Shareholders after three years from the date of the shareholders’ approval for the last
     refreshment. Any proposal for refreshing the SAS Scheme Mandate Limit (as defined below) before the end
     of such three-year period must be approved by independent Shareholders. The maximum aggregate number
     of Shares which may be issued in respect of any Awards, share options or awards to be granted under the
     Share Award Scheme or any other schemes of the Company under the scheme mandate limit as refreshed (the
     “SAS Refreshed Mandate Limit”) must not exceed eight per cent (8%) of the Shares in issue as at the date
     of approval of the SAS Refreshed Mandate Limit. For the avoidance of doubt, any Shares which have been
     vested in and transferred out to any SAS Eligible Participant selected by the Board for participation in the Share
     Award Scheme (the “SAS Selected Participant”) shall be considered as utilised for the purpose of calculating
     the SAS Scheme Mandate Limit.

     Subject to the SAS Scheme Mandate Limit, the total number of Shares in respect of which Awards may be
     granted to the SAS Service Providers under the Share Award Scheme must not exceed one per cent (1%) of
     the Shares in issue as at the SAS Approval Date (the “SAS Initial Sublimit”) provided always that any utilisation
     under the service provider submit (i.e. SAS Initial Sublimit or the SAS Refreshed Sublimit (as defined below))
     (the “SAS Service Provider Sublimit”) shall be regarded as utilisation within the SAS Scheme Mandate Limit.
                                                                                        2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT             37
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

Share Award Scheme (Continued)

Scheme Limit (Continued)

The Company may, conditional upon the obtaining of the required approval for the SAS Refreshed Mandate
Limit, refresh the SAS Service Provider Sublimit by a separate ordinary resolution of the Shareholders (or
independent Shareholders, as the case may be). The maximum number of Shares which may be issued in
respect of any Awards to be granted to SAS Service Providers under the SAS Service Provider Sublimit as
refreshed (the “SAS Refreshed Sublimit”) must not exceed one per cent (1%) of the Shares in issue as at the
date of approval of the SAS Refreshed Sublimit.

Any grant of Awards to any Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of
their respective associates, shall be subject to the prior approval of the independent non-executive Directors
(excluding any independent non-executive Director who is the proposed SAS Selected Participant in respect of
the Award in question).

The total number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of the Awards granted under the Share Award
Scheme and share options and awards granted under any other schemes of the Company to each SAS Selected
Participant (excluding any options, awards and Awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share
Award Scheme or other schemes of the Company, as the case may be) in any 12-month period must not
exceed 1% of the Shares in issue. Where any grant of Awards to a SAS Selected Participant would result in
the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all share options, awards and Awards granted to such SAS
Selected Participant under the Share Award Scheme and any other schemes of the Company (excluding any
options, awards and Awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of this Scheme or other schemes of the
Company, as the case may be) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant representing
in aggregate over one per cent (1%) of the Shares in issue, such grant must be separately approved by the
Shareholders in general meeting with such SAS Selected Participant and his close associates (or associates if
the SAS Selected Participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting.

Where any grant of Awards to an independent non-executive Director or a substantial shareholder of the
Company or any of his associates would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all share
options, awards and Awards granted under the Share Award Scheme and any other schemes of the Company
(excluding any options, awards and Awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of this Scheme or other
schemes of the Company, as the case may be) to such SAS Selected Participant in the 12-month period up
to and including the date of such grant, representing in aggregate over 0.1 per cent of the Shares in issue,
such further grant of Awards must be approved by the Shareholders in the Company’s general meeting with
such SAS Selected Participant, his associates, and all core connected persons of the Company abstaining from
voting in favour at such general meeting.

Where any grant of Awards to a Director (other than an independent non-executive Director) or chief executive
of the Company, or any of their associates would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all
awards and Awards granted (excluding any awards and Awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the
Share Award Scheme or other schemes of the Company, if any and as the case may be) to such SAS Selected
Participant in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant, representing in aggregate over
0.1 per cent of the Shares in issue, such further grant of Awards must be approved by the Shareholders in the
Company’s general meeting with such SAS Selected Participant, his associates and all core connected persons
of the Company abstaining from voting in favour at such general meeting.
     2023/24 年度報告
38   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     Share Award Scheme (Continued)

     Restrictions

     No award shall be made by the Board and no instructions to acquire Shares shall be given to the trustee under
     the Share Award Scheme where dealings in the Shares are prohibited under any code or requirement of the
     Listing Rules and all applicable laws from time to time.

     Operation

     Pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Board may from time to time cause to be paid or made available certain
     cash to the trust constituted by the Trust Deed (the “Trust”) by way of settlement or otherwise contributed
     by the Company, any subsidiary of the Company or Associated Company as directed by the Board which shall
     constitute part of the trust fund, for the purchase or subscription (as the case may be) of the Shares and other
     purposes set out in the Scheme Rules and the Trust Deed.

     In the event that the Awarded Shares are to be allotted and issued as new Shares under the mandate granted
     or to be granted by the Shareholders at general meeting from time to time (the “SAS Mandate”) for the
     purpose of the Trust, the Board shall cause an amount not less than the nominal value of such new Shares to
     be allotted and issued be transferred from the Company’s resources as soon as practicable but in any event
     not later than five business days prior to the allotment and issuance of such Shares as subscription monies for
     the new Shares and cause to issue and allot such new Shares to the trustee, which shall be held upon trust for
     the relevant SAS Selected Participant subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Scheme Rules and the
     Trust Deed. The Company shall comply with the relevant Listing Rules, in particular Chapter 17 of the Listing
     Rules, when allotting and issuing any new Shares under the mandate and application shall be made to the
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange for the granting of the listing of, and permission to deal in the new Shares to be
     issued (if such application has not been made). Where any grant of Awarded Shares is proposed to be made to
     a connected person of the Company (within the meaning of the Listing Rules), the Company will comply with
     applicable provisions of the Listing Rules as may be applicable.

     The Board may also from time to time instruct the trustee in writing to purchase Shares on the Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange, in which case, the Board shall specify the maximum amount of funds to be used and the
     range of prices at which such Shares are to be purchased. The trustee shall apply such amount of residual cash
     in the trust fund towards the purchase of such maximum board lot of Shares at the prevailing market price
     according to the Board’s instructions. Once purchased, the Shares are to be held by the trustee for the benefit
     of SAS Selected Participant under the Trust.

     Vesting and Lapse

     The Board is entitled to impose any conditions (including but not limited to a period of continued service
     within the Group after the Award) as it deems appropriate in its absolute discretion with respect to the vesting
     of the Awarded Shares on the SAS Selected Participant.
                                                                                            2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT            39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

Share Award Scheme (Continued)

Vesting and Lapse (Continued)

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Scheme Rules and the fulfillment of all conditions for the vesting
of the Awarded Shares in the SAS Selected Participant as specified in the Share Award Scheme and a notice of
grant of Awarded Shares given by the Board to the relevant SAS Selected Participant (the “Grant Notice”), and
the receipt by the trustee of the deed of confirmation duly signed by the relevant SAS Selected Participant, the
respective Awarded Shares held by the trustee on behalf of the Selected Participant pursuant to the provision
of the Share Award Scheme shall vest in such SAS Selected Participant in accordance with the vesting schedule
(if any) as set out in the Grant Notice, and the trustee shall cause the Awarded Shares to be transferred to
such SAS Selected Participant.

Subject to the exceptions set out in this paragraph below, the vesting period for the Awarded Shares (the
“Vesting Period”) shall not be less than 12 months or such other period as the Listing Rules may prescribe or
permit. Awards granted to a SAS Selected Participant may be subject to a shorter vesting period under specific
circumstances as set out below:

(a)    Grants of “make-whole” Awards to a SAS Selected Participant who is a new joiner to replace the share
       awards he forfeited when leaving his previous employer(s). In such cases, the Vesting Period may be
       shorter to reflect the remaining Vesting Period in respect of the forfeited share awards;

(b)    Grants of “make-whole” Awards to a SAS Selected Participant who is an existing key personnel of
       a newly acquired subsidiary of the Company to replace the awards or options he forfeited upon the
       acquisition of the subsidiary by the Company. In such case, the Vesting Period may be shorter to reflect
       the remaining Vesting Period in respect of the forfeited awards or options;

(c)    Grants of Awards to a SAS Selected Participant whose employment is terminated due to retirement,
       death, disability, or reasons other than resignation or (i) any commission of an act of theft,
       embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, serious misconduct, ethical breach or other similar acts, or
       commission of a felony or a lesser crime involving moral turpitude as determined by the Board in its
       sole discretion; (ii) any conviction of any criminal offence or any offence under or any breach of the
       SFO or other securities laws or regulations in Hong Kong or any other applicable laws or regulations in
       force from time to time; (iii) any material breach of any agreement or understanding between the SAS
       Selected Participant and a Group company as determined by the Board in its sole discretion including,
       without limitation, any applicable intellectual property and/or invention assignment, employment,
       non-competition, confidentiality or other similar agreement; (iv) any material misrepresentation or
       omission of any material fact as determined by the Board in its sole discretion in connection with the
       SAS Selected Participant’s employment with any Group company; (v) any material failure to perform
       the customary duties as a SAS Selected Participant, to obey the reasonable directions of a supervisor
       or to abide by the policies or codes of conduct of any Group company as determined by the Board in
       its sole discretion; or (vi) any conduct that is materially adverse to the name, reputation or interests of
       the Group as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. In such circumstance(s), the vesting of an
       Award may accelerate;
     2023/24 年度報告
40   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     Share Award Scheme (Continued)

     Vesting and Lapse (Continued)

     (d)    Grants of Awards with performance-based vesting conditions as provided in the Share Award Scheme in
            lieu of time-based vesting criteria;

     (e)    Grants of Awards that are made in batches during a year for administrative and compliance reasons.
            They may include Awards that have been granted earlier but had to wait for a subsequent batch. In
            such cases, the Vesting Period may be shorter to reflect the time from which an Award would have
            been granted;

     (f)    Grants of Awards with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule such as where the Awards may vest
            evenly over a period of 12 months; or

     (g)    Grants of Awards with a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months.

     Award shall, to the extent not yet vested, automatically lapse forthwith when a SAS Selected Participant is
     found to be any excluded SAS Participant (namely, any SAS Eligible Participant who is resident in a place where
     the award of the Awarded Shares and/or the vesting and transfer of the Awarded Shares pursuant to the terms
     of the Share Award Scheme is not permitted under the laws or regulations of such place, or where in the view
     of the Board or the trustee (as the case may be), in compliance with applicable laws or regulations in such
     place, makes it necessary or expedient to exclude such SAS Eligible Participant) or is deemed to cease to be an
     SAS Eligible Participant prior to or on the SAS Vesting Date (as defined below).

     In the event a SAS Selected Participant (i) has suffered disability as a result of or in connection with
     performance of his duty during the course of employment with a Group company, a Related Entity or
     Associated Company at any time prior to the SAS Vesting Date and is unable to perform his duties; or (ii) has
     died during his employment with a Group company, a Related Entity or Associated Company; or (iii) has retired
     by agreement with a member of the Group, a Related Entity or Associated Company or resigned at any time
     prior to or on the vesting date (i.e. the date on which the entitlement of the SAS Selected Participant to the
     Awarded Shares is vested in such SAS Selected Participant) (the “SAS Vesting Date”), all the Awarded Shares
     of the relevant SAS Selected Participant shall, to the extent not yet vested, automatically lapse on the last day
     of employment unless the Board determines otherwise and the relevant Awarded Shares shall not vest on the
     relevant SAS Vesting Date but shall remain part of the Trust Fund.

     In the event of the death of a SAS Selected Participant, the trustee shall hold the vested Awarded Shares upon
     trust and to transfer the same to the legal personal representatives of the SAS Selected Participant.

     If there occurs an event of change in control or alteration in the capital structure of the Company, whether by
     way of capitalisation issue, offer, merger, sub-division or consolidation of shares, reduction of share capital,
     scheme of arrangement, compromise or arrangement pursuant to the Bermuda Companies Act or otherwise,
     and such change in control or alteration in the capital structure event becomes or is declared unconditional
     prior to the SAS Vesting Date, the Board shall determine at its sole discretion whether such Awarded Shares
     shall vest in the SAS Selected Participant and the time at which such Awarded Shares shall vest.
                                                                                           2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT              41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

Share Award Scheme (Continued)

Cancellation of Awards

Any Awards that have not vested or lapsed may be cancelled if the SAS Selected Participant so agrees and new
Awards may be granted to the same SAS Selected Participant under the Share Award Scheme with available
SAS Scheme Mandate Limit and SAS Service Provider Sublimit (as applicable). The Awards cancelled will be
regarded as utilised for the purpose of calculating the SAS Scheme Mandate limit and SAS Service Provider
Sublimit.

Voting Rights

The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any Shares held by it under the Trust (including but
not limited to the Awarded Shares, any bonus Shares and scrip Shares derived therefrom).

Termination

The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of the expiry of the Trust Period and such date of early
termination as determined by the Board provided that such termination shall not affect any subsisting rights of
the SAS Selected Participant under the Share Award Scheme.

Upon termination of the Share Award Scheme, no further Awarded shares shall be granted, the Scheme Rules
shall remain in full force and effect in respect of Awards which have been granted during the term of the
Share Award Scheme and which remain unvested or which have vested but not yet been transferred to a SAS
Selected Participant immediately prior to the termination of the Share Award Scheme. All the Awarded Shares
of the SAS Selected Participants granted under the Share Award Scheme shall continue to be held by the
trustee and become vested in the SAS Selected Participants according to the conditions of the Award, subject
to the receipt by the trustee of the transfer documents prescribed by the trustee and duly executed by the
SAS Selected Participant. Upon the expiration of the Trust Period, all Shares (except for any Awarded Shares
subject to vesting on the SAS Selected Participant) remaining in the trust fund shall be sold by the trustee
within 28 business days (on which the trading of the Shares has not been suspended) (or such longer period as
the trustee and the Board may otherwise determine) and all the net proceeds of sale and such other funds and
properties remaining in the trust fund managed by the trustee (after making appropriate deductions in respect
of all disposal costs, liabilities and expenses) shall be remitted to the Company forthwith.

As at the date of this annual report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the Share Award
Scheme was 2,158,059,212 Shares, representing approximately 7.32% of the total number of Shares in issue
(excluding treasury shares (if any)).
     2023/24 年度報告
42   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     Share Award Scheme (Continued)

     Movements of Awarded Shares

     During the Reporting Period, the movements of Awarded Shares granted under the Share Award Scheme were
     as follows:

                                                                                 Market
                                                                                price of                                                        Number of
                                                                                 Award                                              Weighted Unvested
                                                                                 Shares                                              average      Awarded      Number of    Number of    Number of    Number of
                                                                              at date of                  Closing      Closing         closing    Shares at      Awarded      Awarded      Awarded      Awarded     Number of
                                                                            grant based    Purchase         price        price        price of April 1, 2023       Shares       Shares       Shares       Shares     Unvested
                                                                              on closing       price of Shares of Shares               Shares (excluding          granted       vested       lapsed     cancelled    Awarded
                                                                                price of     of the immediately immediately      immediately           those   during the   during the   during the   during the     Shares at
                                                                            Shares as at   Awarded before the before the           before the vested on         Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     March 31,
     Grantee name/ categories Date of grant      Vesting date/period       date of grant     Shares date of grant vesting date   vesting date April 1, 2023)       Period       Period       Period        Period        2024
                                                                                   (HK$)      (HK$)         (HK$)        (HK$)           (HK$)

     Directors of the Company:

     Mr. Fan Luyuan               5/6/2020       01/04/2021 – 01/04/2026          1.070           –        1.050         0.510         0.510        980,000             –     245,000             –            –      735,000

                                  16/6/2021      01/04/2022 – 01/04/2027          1.060           –        1.060         0.510         0.510      2,500,000             –     500,000             –            –     2,000,000

                                  17/6/2022      01/04/2023 – 01/04/2028          0.730           –        0.740         0.510         0.510      6,000,000             –    1,000,000            –            –     5,000,000

                                  12/6/2023      01/04/2024 – 01/04/2029          0.410           –        0.415             –              –              –    8,000,000            –            –            –     8,000,000

     Mr. Li Jie                   21/5/2018      01/04/2019 – 01/04/2022          0.910           –        0.910             –              –              –            –            –            –            –             –

                                  31/5/2019      01/04/2020 – 01/04/2023          1.630           –        1.600         0.510         0.510        600,000             –     600,000             –            –             –

                                  5/6/2020       01/04/2021 – 01/04/2024          1.070           –        1.050         0.510         0.510      3,500,000             –    1,750,000            –            –     1,750,000

                                  16/6/2021      01/04/2022 – 01/04/2025          1.060           –        1.060         0.510         0.510      1,687,500             –     562,500             –            –     1,125,000

                                  17/6/2022      01/04/2023 – 01/04/2026          0.730           –        0.740         0.510         0.510      4,750,000             –    1,187,500            –            –     3,562,500

                                  31/3/2023      01/04/2023 – 01/04/2025          0.510           –        0.500 0.510 – 0.620         0.565      7,656,250             –    3,062,500            –            –     4,593,750

                                  12/6/2023      01/04/2024 – 01/04/2027          0.410           –        0.415             –              –              –   10,000,000            –            –            –    10,000,000

     Mr. MENG Jun                 5/6/2020       01/04/2021 – 01/04/2024          1.070           –        1.050         0.510         0.510        165,000             –      82,500             –            –       82,500

                                  16/6/2021      01/04/2022 – 01/04/2025          1.060           –        1.060         0.510         0.510        450,000             –     150,000             –            –      300,000

                                  17/6/2022      01/04/2023 – 01/04/2026          0.730           –        0.740         0.510         0.510      1,600,000             –     400,000             –            –     1,200,000

                                  31/3/2023      01/04/2023 – 01/04/2025          0.510           –        0.500 0.510–0.620           0.565        570,000             –     228,000             –            –      342,000

                                  12/6/2023      01/04/2024 – 01/04/2027          0.410           –        0.415             –              –              –    3,071,250            –            –            –     3,071,250

     Directors of subsidiaries of the Company:

     A director of subsidiaries
       of the Company             16/6/2021      01/04/2022 – 01/04/2025          1.060           –        1.060         0.510         0.510      1,204,412             –     401,471             –            –      802,941

                                  17/6/2022      01/04/2023 – 01/04/2026          0.730           –        0.740         0.510         0.510      1,964,286             –     491,071             –            –     1,473,215

                                  12/6/2023      01/04/2024 – 01/04/2027          0.410           –        0.415             –              –              –    4,500,000            –            –            –     4,500,000
                                                                                                                                                                                    2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT                                  43
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

Share Award Scheme (Continued)

Movements of Awarded Shares (Continued)

                                                                                   Market
                                                                                  price of                                                        Number of
                                                                                   Award                                              Weighted Unvested
                                                                                   Shares                                              average      Awarded      Number of    Number of    Number of    Number of
                                                                                at date of                  Closing      Closing         closing    Shares at      Awarded      Awarded      Awarded      Awarded     Number of
                                                                              grant based    Purchase         price        price        price of April 1, 2023       Shares       Shares       Shares       Shares     Unvested
                                                                                on closing       price of Shares of Shares               Shares (excluding          granted       vested       lapsed     cancelled    Awarded
                                                                                  price of     of the immediately immediately      immediately           those   during the   during the   during the   during the     Shares at
                                                                              Shares as at   Awarded before the before the           before the vested on         Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     March 31,
Grantee name/ categories Date of grant             Vesting date/period       date of grant     Shares date of grant vesting date   vesting date April 1, 2023)       Period       Period       Period        Period        2024
                                                                                     (HK$)      (HK$)         (HK$)        (HK$)           (HK$)

Eligible employees (Non-connected employees):

                            31/5/2019              01/04/2020 – 19/03/2025           1.630          –        1.600 0.470 – 0.510         0.510     12,851,359             –   12,318,025            –            –      533,334

                            23/9/2019              01/10/2020 – 01/10/2023           1.340          –        1.320 0.390 – 0.620         0.596      4,010,000             –    3,800,000     210,000             –             –

                            15/1/2020              19/09/2021 – 30/12/2023           1.460          –        1.470 0.450 – 0.560         0.502        987,500             –     800,000      187,500             –             –

                            5/6/2020               01/04/2021 – 16/04/2024           1.070          –        1.050 0.470 – 0.510         0.509     28,259,850             –   14,167,425     637,500             –    13,454,925

                            11/9/2020              26/05/2021 – 01/10/2024           1.120          –        1.100 0.410 – 0.620         0.613      8,860,000             –    4,220,000     420,000             –     4,220,000

                            16/6/2021              01/04/2022 – 19/04/2025           1.060          –        1.060 0.420 – 0.560         0.510     65,306,807             –   21,798,101    2,846,000            –    40,662,706

                            9/9/2021               01/10/2022 – 01/10/2025           0.840          –        0.850 0.415 – 0.620         0.596     18,700,000             –    6,530,000    1,290,000            –    10,880,000

                            17/6/2022              01/04/2023 – 01/04/2026           0.730          –        0.740 0.430 – 0.550         0.510 106,341,868                –   27,397,964    5,581,071            –    73,362,833

                            9/9/2022               01/08/2023 – 01/10/2026           0.600          –        0.570 0.475 – 0.620         0.582     17,620,000             –    4,285,000     840,000             –    12,495,000

                            31/3/2023              01/04/2023 – 01/04/2025           0.510          –        0.500 0.510 – 0.620         0.565     13,887,525             –    5,555,010     384,000             –     7,948,515

                            12/6/2023              01/04/2024 – 10/04/2027           0.410          –        0.415             –              –              – 198,720,100             –   10,015,500            – 188,704,600

                            14/11/2023             01/10/2024 – 09/10/2027           0.520          –        0.570             –              –              –   19,440,000            –            –            –    19,440,000

Five highest paid employees in aggregate (excluding the Directors as disclosed above):

                            31/5/2019              01/04/2020 – 01/04/2023           1.630          –        1.600         0.510         0.510        930,000             –     930,000             –            –             –

                            15/1/2020              28/11/2021 – 28/11/2023           1.460          –        1.470         0.540         0.540      1,000,000             –    1,000,000            –            –             –

                            5/6/2020               01/04/2021 – 01/04/2024           1.070          –        1.050         0.510         0.510      1,580,000             –     790,000             –            –      790,000

                            16/6/2021              01/04/2022 – 01/04/2025           1.060          –        1.060         0.510         0.510      4,196,625             –    1,398,875            –            –     2,797,750

                            17/6/2022              01/04/2023 – 01/04/2026           0.730          –        0.740         0.510         0.510      5,678,000             –    1,419,500            –            –     4,258,500

                            31/3/2023              01/04/2023 – 01/04/2025           0.510          –        0.500 0.510–0.620           0.565     11,600,000             –    4,640,000            –            –     6,960,000

                            12/6/2023              01/04/2024 – 01/04/2027           0.410          –        0.415             –              –              –    5,400,000            –            –            –     5,400,000
     2023/24 年度報告
44   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)
     Share Award Scheme (Continued)

     Movements of Awarded Shares (Continued)


                                                                                  Market
                                                                                 price of                                                        Number of
                                                                                  Award                                              Weighted Unvested
                                                                                  Shares                                              average      Awarded      Number of    Number of    Number of    Number of
                                                                               at date of                  Closing      Closing         closing    Shares at      Awarded      Awarded      Awarded      Awarded     Number of
                                                                             grant based    Purchase         price        price        price of April 1, 2023       Shares       Shares       Shares       Shares     Unvested
                                                                               on closing       price of Shares of Shares               Shares (excluding          granted       vested       lapsed     cancelled    Awarded
                                                                                 price of     of the immediately immediately      immediately           those   during the   during the   during the   during the     Shares at
                                                                             Shares as at   Awarded before the before the           before the vested on         Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     March 31,
     Grantee name/ categories Date of grant       Vesting date/period       date of grant     Shares date of grant vesting date   vesting date April 1, 2023)       Period       Period       Period        Period        2024
                                                                                    (HK$)      (HK$)         (HK$)        (HK$)           (HK$)

     Related entities participants:

                                      31/5/2019   01/04/2020 – 01/04/2023          1.630           –        1.600         0.510         0.510      1,895,000             –    1,895,000            –            –             –

                                      23/9/2019   01/10/2020 – 01/10/2023          1.340           –        1.320         0.620         0.620        740,000             –     740,000             –            –             –

                                      5/6/2020    01/04/2021 – 01/04/2024          1.070           –        1.050         0.510         0.510      4,000,000             –    2,000,000     480,000             –     1,520,000

                                      11/9/2020   01/10/2021 – 01/10/2024          1.120           –        1.100         0.620         0.620        490,000             –     245,000             –            –      245,000

                                      16/6/2021   01/04/2022 – 22/04/2025          1.060           –         1.06 0.495–0.510           0.503      4,094,500             –    1,631,500            –            –     2,463,000

                                      9/9/2021    01/10/2022 – 01/10/2025          0.840           –        0.850         0.620         0.620        360,000             –     120,000             –            –      240,000

                                      17/6/2022   01/04/2023 – 01/04/2026          0.730           –        0.740         0.510         0.510      2,476,800             –     619,200             –            –     1,857,600

                                      31/3/2023   01/04/2023 – 01/04/2025          0.510           –        0.500 0.510–0.620           0.563      9,151,875             –    3,560,750     455,500             –     5,135,625

                                      12/6/2023   01/04/2024 – 27/04/2027          0.410           –        0.415             –              –              –    2,300,000            –            –            –     2,300,000

     Service providers                –           –                                     –                       –             –              –              –            –            –            –            –             –

     Total                                                                                                                                       358,645,157 251,431,350 132,521,892      23,347,071            – 454,207,544


     Notes:

     1.             Save as disclosed in the table above, no Awarded Shares have been granted to any chief executive or substantial
                    shareholder of the Company, or any of their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules).

     2.             Save as disclosed in the table above, no Awarded Shares have been granted to any employees of the Company in
                    excess of the 1% individual limit.

     3.             The fair value of the Awarded Shares at the date of grant on June 12, 2023 and November 14, 2023 during the
                    Reporting Period was HK$0.41 per Share and HK$0.52 per Share, respectively, and was determined based on the
                    published closing price of the Shares at the respective dates of grant. The fair value of Awards are calculated in
                    accordance with the accounting standard in accordance with HKFRS 2 – Share-based Payment adopted by the
                    Group. For the details of accounting policy applied, please refer to note 25 to the consolidated financial statements
                    contained in this annual report. The methodology and assumptions used was binomial free price model. The
                    assumptions include risk free rate and expected volatility.

     4.             The total numbers of Awarded Shares available for grant under scheme mandate of the Share Award Scheme as at
                    April 1, 2023 and March 31, 2024 were 241,098,125 and 2,138,619,212, respectively, representing approximately
                    0.89% and 7.25% of the Company’s issued shares as at the respective dates.

     5.             The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the Awarded Shares granted under all share schemes of the
                    Company during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in
                    issue (excluding treasury shares (if any)) for the Reporting Period was 0.81%.

     6.             During the Reporting Period, certain eligible employees (non-connected employees) became related entities
                    participants, and vice versa, hence statistics in the table above have been adjusted accordingly.
                                                                                           2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT              45
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

ARRANGEMENTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed in the section headed “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES” above, neither at the end of the
Reporting Period nor at any time during the Reporting Period was the Company, any of its holding companies,
its subsidiaries or its fellow subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or chief executive
of the Company or their respective associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) to acquire benefits by means
of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.


DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS
OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed in the section headed “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS” below and the related party
transactions as disclosed in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report,
(i) no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, any of its holding
companies, its subsidiaries or its fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director and/or any of its
connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly; (ii) no transaction, arrangement
or contract of significance between the Company, any of its holding companies, its subsidiaries and the
Company’s controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries, subsisted at the end of the Reporting Period or at
any time during the Reporting Period; and (iii) no contract of significance for the provision of services to the
Group by a controlling shareholder of the Company or any of its subsidiaries were made during the Reporting
Period.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

No Directors being proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with the Company
or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the employer within one year without payment of
compensation (other than statutory compensation).


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company, which were not a contract of service with any Director or any person engaged in the
full-time employment of the Company, were entered into or existed at any time during the Reporting Period.


RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS

For details of relationship with the employees, please refer to the paragraph headed “Employees and
Remuneration Policies” in the section headed “MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS” as set out on
page 15 of this annual report.

The Group seeks to maintain good and effective communication with our customers to gain their feedback
and understand their needs and demands, thereby further improving our products and services and providing
better customer experience.

The success of our businesses depends on a long-term relationship with our suppliers. The Group therefore
makes great efforts to develop and maintain a good relationship with suppliers so as to better understand the
development of the market and manage the supply chain.

For details of relationship with customers and suppliers, please refer to the paragraph headed “MAJOR
CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS” in this section.
     2023/24 年度報告
46   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

     A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force
     throughout the Reporting Period. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance cover in
     respect of potential legal actions against the directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries.


     COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     For the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group
     had complied with applicable laws, rules and regulations in respect of the Group’s business operations,
     including but not limited to those relating to value-added telecommunications services, information security
     and privacy protection, film distribution, radio and television programs and Internet advertisement in the PRC,
     and other laws, rules and regulations that are applicable to the Group in all material respects. Discussion on
     the compliance with the relevant laws and regulations which have significant impact on the Group is set out in
     the Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company (the “ESG Report”).


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     The Group is committed to promoting environmentally friendly business practices and raising awareness on the
     conservation of natural resources. Utilizing Alibaba Group’s powerful intranet systems, its staff can accomplish
     some of their administrative work electronically which reduces the use of office supplies. The Group also
     encourages prudent electricity consumption. Its staff are advised to turn off any lights in unoccupied areas.

     The Group believes that taking active measures in minimizing wasteful material and energy consumption in the
     course of conducting our business would not only bring economic benefits but also assist in the preservation
     of the natural environment.

     The ESG Report will be published at the same time of the publication of this annual report on the website of
     each of the Company (www.alibabapictures.com) and HKExnews operated by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
     (www.hkexnews.hk).
                                                                                        2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT           47
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the Reporting Period, the percentage of the Group’s purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest
suppliers combined was less than 30%.

Information on the Group’s major customers during the Reporting Period:

Percentage of the Group’s revenue attributable to the Group’s largest customer            Approximately 13%
Percentage of the Group’s revenue attributable to the Group’s five largest customers      Approximately 23%
  combined

Apart from the connected transactions with Alibaba Group (other than the Group) and the Ant Group as
disclosed in the paragraph headed “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS” below, none of the Directors, their close
associates, or any Shareholder (which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the number of
issued Shares, excluding treasury shares (if any)) had any interest in the five largest customers.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Company entered into a number of transactions with entities which are
connected persons (as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules) of the Company, and such transactions
constituted connected transactions/non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the Company under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. These relevant entities include:

(1)   As at the end of the Reporting Period, AGH, which indirectly wholly owned each of Ali CV Investment
      Holding Limited (“Ali CV”) and Alibaba Investment Limited (“Alibaba Investment”), the controlling
      shareholders of the Company, holding approximately 54.26% of the issued share capital of the
      Company in aggregate, and each of AGH, Alibaba Investment and Ali CV is hence a connected person
      of the Company;

(2)   浙江天貓技術有限公司 (Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Tmall Technology”), which is an
      indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH. Accordingly, Tmall Technology is an associate of Ali CV and a
      connected person of the Company;

(3)   浙江天貓網絡有限公司 (Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd.*) (“Tmall Network”), which is a consolidated
      entity of AGH. Accordingly, Tmall Network is an associate of Ali CV and a connected person of the
      Company;

(4)   Ant Group Co., Ltd. (螞蟻科技集團股份有限公司) (“Ant Group”), which is a 30%-controlled company
      of AGH. Accordingly, Ant Group is an associate of Ali CV and a connected person of the Company;

(5)   支付寶(中國)網絡技術有限公司 (Alipay.com Co., Ltd.*) (“Alipay”), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary
      of Ant Group. Accordingly, Alipay is an associate of Ali CV and a connected person of the Company;

(6)   杭州阿里媽媽軟件服務有限公司 (Hangzhou Alimama Software Services Co., Ltd.*) (“Alimama”), which
      is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH. Accordingly, Alimama is an associate of Ali CV and a
      connected person of the Company;

(7)   上海全土豆文化傳播有限公司 (Shanghai Quan Tudou Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.*) (“Youku
      Tudou”), which is a consolidated entity of AGH. Accordingly, Youku Tudou is an associate of Ali CV and
      a connected person of the Company;
     2023/24 年度報告
48   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (8)    酷漾文化傳播有限公司 (Cool Young Culture Communication Co., Ltd.*) (“Cool Young”), which is
            indirectly controlled by the Company and AGH as to 51% and 49% equity interest, respectively.
            Accordingly, Cool Young is a 30%-controlled company indirectly held by AGH and a connected
            subsidiary (as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules) of the Company, as well as a connected
            person of the Company;

     (9)    優酷信息技術(北京)有限公司 (Youku Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*) (“Youku
            Information”), which is a consolidated entity of AGH. Accordingly, Youku Information is an associate of
            Ali CV and a connected person of the Company;

     (10)   北京優酷科技有限公司 (Beijing Youku Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Youku Technology”), which is an
            indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH. Accordingly, Youku Technology is an associate of Ali CV and
            a connected person of the Company;

     (11)   支付寶(杭州)信息技術有限公司 (Alipay (Hangzhou) Information Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Alipay
            (Hangzhou)”), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group. Accordingly, Alipay (Hangzhou) is an
            associate of Ali CV and a connected person of the Company;

     (12)   杭州菜鳥供應鏈管理有限公司 (Hangzhou Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.*) (“Hangzhou
            Cainiao”), which is an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH. Accordingly, Hangzhou Cainiao is
            an associate of Ali CV and a connected person of the Company;

     (13)   北京大麥文化傳媒發展有限公司 (Beijing Damai Cultural Media Development Co., Ltd.*) (“Beijing
            Damai”), which was a consolidated entity of AGH. Accordingly, Beijing Damai was an associate of Ali
            CV and a connected person of the Company prior to the closing of the Acquisition (as defined below);

     (14)   杭州螞蟻酷愛科技有限公司 (Hangzhou Ant Kuai Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Hangzhou Ant”), which is an
            indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group. Accordingly, Hangzhou Ant is an associate of Ali CV
            and a connected person of the Company;

     (15)   螞蟻區塊鏈科技(上海)有限公司 (Ant Blockchain Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.*) (“Ant Blockchain”),
            which is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group. Accordingly, Ant Blockchain is an associate
            of Ali CV and a connected person of the Company;

     (16)   杭州煥耀科技有限公司 (Hangzhou Huanyao Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Hangzhou Huanyao”), which is an
            indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group. Accordingly, Hangzhou Huanyao is an associate of Ali
            CV and a connected person of the Company;

     (17)   Beijing Baoxuan Yingcheng Culture Co., Ltd.* (北京寶軒影橙文化有限公司) (“Beijing Baoxuan”), which
            is a consolidated entity of AGH. Accordingly, Beijing Baoxuan is an associate of AGH and a connected
            person of the Company; and

     (18)   阿里巴巴文化娛樂有限公司 (Alibaba Culture Entertainment Co. Ltd.*) (“Alibaba Culture”), which is
            a consolidated entity of AGH. Accordingly, Alibaba Culture is an associate of AGH and a connected
            person of the Company.
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT            49
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

The Group’s connected transactions and continuing connected transactions conducted during the Reporting
Period, and disclosed in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are as follows:


Connected Transactions

On September 19, 2023, the Company (as purchaser) and Alibaba Investment (as seller) entered into a share
purchase agreement (the “Share Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company had conditionally
agreed to acquire and Alibaba Investment had conditionally agreed to sell, at closing, 53,345,618 ordinary
shares of par value US$0.001 per share of Pony Media, which represents 100% of the entire issued share
capital of Pony Media at an aggregate consideration of US$167 million which was satisfied by the Company
by allotting and issuing to the Alibaba Investment 2,513,028,847 Share as consideration (the “Consideration
Shares”) at an issue price of HK$0.52 per Consideration Share at closing (i.e., the Acquisition as mentioned in
the “Management Discussion And Analysis“ section of this annual report).

Prior to the closing of the Acquisition, AGH was the ultimate shareholder of Ali CV, which was a controlling
shareholder and a connected person of the Company holding approximately 50.0007% of the issued share
capital of the Company, and Pony Media was directly held by Alibaba Investment and was indirectly held by
AGH as to more than 30% of its equity interest. Therefore, Alibaba Investment was an associate of Ali CV and
thus a connected person of the Company. As such, the Acquisition and the transactions contemplated under
the Share Purchase Agreement constituted a connected transaction for the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A
of the Listing Rules.

As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of the
Acquisition and the transactions contemplated under the Share Purchase Agreement exceeded 5% but all
of them were less than 25%, the Acquisition constituted a discloseable and connected transaction for the
Company under Chapter 14 and Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and was subject to reporting, announcement
and independent Shareholders’ approval requirement under the Listing Rules.

Closing of the Acquisition took place on November 30, 2023 and a total number of 2,513,028,847
Consideration Shares have been allotted and issued to Alibaba Investment pursuant to the terms and
conditions of the Share Purchase Agreement at the issue price of HK$0.52 per Consideration Share, and Pony
Media has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.


Continuing connected transactions

(1)    Renewed Shared Services Agreement and Second Renewal of the Shared Services Agreement

       On November 4, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement (the “Original Shared Services
       Agreement”) with AGH in relation to office space and support services, customer service support,
       business intelligence services, maintenance service for the Yulebao database, office system and support
       services, procurement function support services and SMS platform services (collectively, the “Original
       Shared Services”) to be provided by AGH and its affiliates or other parties otherwise designated by AGH
       to support the Group’s Business. The initial term for the Original Shared Services Agreement was three
       years commenced from December 31, 2015 and ended on December 30, 2018.
     2023/24 年度報告
50   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (1)   Renewed Shared Services Agreement and Second Renewal of the Shared Services Agreement
           (Continued)

           On December 31, 2015, the Company entered into a transitional arrangement agreement (the
           “Transitional Arrangement Agreement”) with AGH. Pursuant to the Transitional Arrangement
           Agreement, AGH agreed to transfer certain transferred employees to the Company or its affiliates (the
           “Staff Support Services”), and the Company also agreed to reimburse AGH for salaries and benefits
           paid by AGH (or its affiliates) to such transferred employees. The maximum term for the Transitional
           Arrangement Agreement was three years commenced from December 31, 2015 and ended on
           December 30, 2018.

           On December 31, 2018, the Company entered into a renewed shared services agreement (the
           “Renewed Shared Services Agreement”) with AGH, pursuant to which AGH agreed to procure the
           service providers (being AGH and its affiliates as set out under the Original Shared Services Agreement
           or otherwise designated by AGH) to provide certain Original Shared Services, cloud services, software
           development and technological services, as well as Staff Support Services under the Transitional
           Arrangement Agreement to the Company and its affiliates. The Renewed Shared Services Agreement
           had a term commenced from December 31, 2018 and ended on March 31, 2021. On March 30,
           2020, the Company and AGH entered into a supplemental agreement to the Renewed Shared Services
           Agreement, pursuant to which, the scope of the software development and technological services
           under the Renewed Shared Services Agreement was expanded to cover the technological services
           contemplated under the Renewed Technology Services Agreement dated July 16, 2018 entered into
           between the Company and AGH, which had expired on March 31, 2020.

           On March 29, 2021, the Company and AGH entered into the second renewal of the shared services
           agreement (the “Second Renewal of the Shared Services Agreement”) to renew the Renewed
           Shared Services Agreement for a term of three years commenced from April 1, 2021 and ending on
           March 31, 2024. The annual caps for the service fees payable by the Group to AGH and its affiliates
           under the Second Renewal of the Shared Services Agreement for the financial years ended/ending
           March 31, 2022, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024 are RMB105,000,000, RMB110,000,000 and
           RMB160,000,000 (as revised on December 28, 2023), respectively.

           The actual service fees paid/payable by the Group to AGH and its affiliates for the services under the
           Second Renewal of the Shared Services Agreement for the financial years ended March 31, 2022,
           March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024 amounted to approximately RMB80,284,000, RMB99,667,000
           and RMB142,752,000, respectively.
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT             51
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(2)   2021 Renewed Operating Service Agreement

      On April 1, 2021, 中聯盛世文化(北京)有限公司 (Zhonglian Shengshi Culture (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*)
      (“Zhonglian Shengshi”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a renewed
      operating service agreement (the “2021 Renewed Operating Service Agreement”) with Tmall Network,
      a consolidated entity of AGH, and Tmall Technology, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH
      (together, the “Tmall Entities”), for a term commenced from April 1, 2021 and ended on March 31,
      2024. Pursuant to the 2021 Renewed Operating Service Agreement, Zhonglian Shengshi will provide
      such services which are necessary to operate Tmall on behalf of the Tmall Entities in relation to relevant
      categories (such as action figures, film & TV & entertainment merchandise, board & card games,
      cosplay, etc.), including exercising rights and discharging obligations under the relevant contracts
      between merchants and the Tmall Entities and their affiliates on behalf of the Tmall Entities, providing
      customer services and marketing services, conducting evaluation on merchants and quality control
      checks on merchandise, and taking action for any breach of contract by any merchant (the “Operating
      Services”). The annual caps for the transactions contemplated under the 2021 Renewed Operating
      Service Agreement for the three financial years ended/ending March 31, 2022, March 31, 2023 and
      March 31, 2024 are RMB100,000,000, RMB120,000,000 and RMB140,000,000, respectively. The actual
      service fees paid/payable by Tmall Entities to Zhonglian Shengshi under the 2021 Renewed Operating
      Service Agreement for the financial years ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024
      amounted to approximately RMB96,583,000, RMB108,410,000 and RMB132,496,000, respectively.

(3)   2023 Payment Services Framework Agreement

      On March 26, 2020, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a third
      renewed payment services framework agreement (the “Third Renewed Payment Services Framework
      Agreement”) with Alipay, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group, which in turn is a 30%-controlled
      company of AGH, for a term commenced from April 1, 2020 and ended on March 31, 2023. Pursuant
      to the Third Renewed Payment Services Framework Agreement, any member of the Group may request
      payment services from Alipay from time to time and in its absolute discretion according to its business
      needs. The annual caps of all payment services under the Third Renewed Payment Services Framework
      Agreement for the financial years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 are
      RMB80,000,000, RMB85,000,000 and RMB90,000,000, respectively. The actual transaction amount of
      all payment services under the Third Renewed Payment Services Framework Agreement for the financial
      years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 amounted to approximately
      RMB36,165,000, RMB39,464,000 and RMB28,419,000, respectively.
     2023/24 年度報告
52   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (3)   2023 Payment Services Framework Agreement (Continued)

           On March 28, 2023, the Company entered into a renewed payment services framework agreement
           (the “2023 Payment Services Framework Agreement”) with Alipay, for a term commenced from April
           1, 2023 and ending on March 31, 2026, to renew the Third Renewed Payment Services Framework
           Agreement. For the three financial years ending March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026,
           the annual caps of the total fees payable by the Group to Alipay under the 2023 Payment Services
           Framework Agreement are RMB55,000,000 (as revised on December 28, 2023), RMB121,000,000 and
           RMB126,000,000 (as revised on May 29, 2024), respectively.

           The actual transaction amount of all payment services under the 2023 Payment Services Framework
           Agreement for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 amounted to approximately RMB44,393,000.

     (4)   Third Renewed Marketing Cooperation Framework Agreement

           On March 27, 2020, 北京中聯華盟文化傳媒投資有限公司 (Beijing Asian Union Culture Media Investment
           Co., Ltd.*) (now known as 北京阿里巴巴影業文化有限公司 (Beijing Alibaba Pictures Culture Co., Ltd.*)
           (“Beijing Alibaba Pictures”)), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into the second renewed
           marketing cooperation framework agreement (the “Second Renewed Marketing Cooperation Framework
           Agreement”) with Alimama and Youku Tudou, both subsidiaries of AGH, for a term commenced from
           April 1, 2020 and ended on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Second Renewed Marketing Cooperation
           Framework Agreement, Beijing Alibaba Pictures (for itself and as agent for and on behalf of its clients)
           may enter into specific marketing agreements with Alimama or Youku Tudou to procure online and
           offline advertising and relevant services from Alimama and/or Youku Tudou at agreed discount rates. The
           annual caps of all advertising and relevant services under the Second Renewed Marketing Cooperation
           Framework Agreement for the financial years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31,
           2023 are RMB15,000,000, RMB20,000,000 and RMB25,000,000, respectively. The actual transaction
           amount of all advertising and relevant services under the Second Renewed Marketing Cooperation
           Framework Agreement for the financial years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31,
           2023 amounted to approximately RMB4,003,000 and RMB2,338,000 and RMB2,002,000, respectively.

           On November 13, 2023 Beijing Alibaba Pictures entered into the third renewed marketing cooperation
           framework agreement (the “Third Renewed Marketing Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with Youku
           Information, a consolidated entity of AGH, for a term commenced from November 13, 2023 and ended
           on March 31, 2026, to renew the Second Renewed Marketing Cooperation Framework Agreement.
           Pursuant to the Third Renewed Marketing Cooperation Framework Agreement, Beijing Alibaba Pictures
           (for itself and as agent for and on behalf of its clients) may enter into specific marketing agreements with
           Youku Information and/or its affiliates to procure from Youku Information and/or its affiliates advertising
           and related services (including but not limited to, video advertisements, banner advertisements, button
           advertisements, text link advertisements, floating advertisements, column advertisements, full screen
           advertisements, advertisements through streaming, offline display advertisements as well as other forms
           of online and offline advertising) (the “Advertising Related Services”) at agreed discount rates. The annual
           caps of the Advertising Related Services under the Third Renewed Marketing Cooperation Framework
           Agreement for the financial years ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026 are
           RMB2,000,000, RMB4,000,000 and RMB4,000,000, respectively. The actual transaction amount of the
           Advertising Related Services under the Third Renewed Marketing Cooperation Framework Agreement for
           the financial year ended March 31, 2024 amounted to approximately RMB1,274,000.
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT             53
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(5)   2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement and 2023 Entertainment Works
      Cooperation Framework Agreement

      On March 31, 2020, 阿里巴巴授權寶(天津)文化傳播有限公司 (Alibaba Shouquanbao (Tianjin) Culture
      Communication Co., Ltd.*) (“Shouquanbao”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered
      into a new entertainment works cooperation framework agreement (the “2020 Entertainment Works
      Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with AGH. The cooperation term of the 2020 Entertainment
      Works Cooperation Framework Agreement commenced from April 1, 2020 and ended on March 31,
      2023. Pursuant to the 2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement, Shouquanbao
      or any of its affiliates and AGH or any of its affiliates may enter into specific agreements with respect
      to the grant or transfer of the rights, design or marketing, IP-derivatives commissioned production,
      IP-derivatives procurement and consignment, embedded advertising and agency services, project
      outsourcing services, ticketing services, investment cooperation, operation consignment services,
      technical and other related services for the entertainment works. For the three financial years ended
      March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023, (i) the annual caps of the total fees payable by
      Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates to AGH and its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated
      under the 2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement are RMB45,000,000,
      RMB55,000,000 and RMB65,000,000, respectively; and (ii) the annual caps of the total fees payable by
      AGH and its affiliates to Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated
      under the 2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement are RMB34,000,000,
      RMB45,000,000 and RMB90,000,000 (as revised on March 28, 2023), respectively.

      For the financial years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023, (i) the actual total
      fees paid/payable by Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates to AGH and its affiliates with respect to the
      transactions under the 2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement amounted to
      approximately RMB15,096,000 and RMB6,853,000 and RMB26,265,000, respectively; and (ii) the actual
      total fees paid/payable by AGH and its affiliates to Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates with respect to the
      transactions under the 2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement amounted to
      approximately RMB9,217,000, RMB7,102,000 and RMB88,284,000, respectively.

      On March 28, 2023, Shouquanbao and Youku Technology, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
      of AGH, entered into a renewed entertainment works cooperation framework agreement (“2023
      Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement”), for a term commenced from April 1, 2023
      and ending on March 31, 2026, to renew the 2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework
      Agreement. For the three financial years ended/ending March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March
      31, 2026, (i) the annual caps of the total fees payable by Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates to Youku
      Technology and/or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated under the 2023
      Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement are RMB45,000,000, RMB49,000,000 and
      RMB53,000,000, respectively; and (ii) the annual caps of the total fees payable by Youku Technology
      and/or its affiliates to Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated
      under the 2023 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement are RMB90,000,000,
      RMB100,000,000 and RMB110,000,000, respectively. For the financial year ended March 31, 2024,
      (i) the actual total fees paid/payable by Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates to Youku Technology and its
      affiliates with respect to the transactions under the 2023 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework
      Agreement amounted to approximately RMB19,595,000; and (ii) the actual total fees paid/payable by
      Youku Technology and its affiliates to Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates with respect to the transactions
      under the 2023 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement amounted to approximately
      RMB47,645,000.
     2023/24 年度報告
54   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (6)   Talent Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement and Renewed Talent Agency Cooperation
           Framework Agreement

           On April 11, 2019, Cool Young, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into a talent agency
           cooperation framework agreement (the “Talent Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with
           AGH in relation to talent agency cooperation, for a term commenced from April 1, 2019 and ended on
           March 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Talent Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement, Cool Young and
           AGH or any of its affiliates will enter into specific agreements with respect to the cooperation whereby
           (i) AGH or any of its affiliates directly engages Cool Young’s artist(s) to perform the relevant tasks
           (such as performances, celebrity endorsement in advertising, commercial and non-commercial business
           activities, development of celebrity products and personal brands, management of personal interests
           (including but not limited to the right to control the use of one’s name, image and reputation) and any
           other matters relating to the entertainment career(s) of Cool Young’s artist(s)) (the “Relevant Tasks”) as
           required by AGH or any of its affiliates or any of their third-party clients by paying the engagement fees
           to Cool Young; and (ii) AGH or any of its affiliates recommends to, and coordinates with a third-party
           client to engage Cool Young’s artist(s) to perform the Relevant Tasks as required by such third-party
           client, and receives the agency service fees from Cool Young.

           On March 28, 2022, Cool Young entered into a renewed talent agency cooperation framework
           agreement (the “Renewed Talent Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with AGH, for a
           term commenced from April 1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2025, to renew the Talent Agency
           Cooperation Framework Agreement. For the three financial years ended/ending March 31, 2023, March
           31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, (i) the annual caps of the engagement fees payable by AGH and any of
           its affiliates to Cool Young under the Renewed Talent Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement are
           RMB75,000,000, RMB100,000,000 and RMB120,000,000, respectively; and (ii) the annual caps of the
           agency service fees payable by Cool Young to AGH and any of its affiliates under the Renewed Talent
           Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement are RMB4,500,000, RMB6,000,000 and RMB6,000,000,
           respectively. For the financial years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024, (i) the actual
           engagement fees paid/payable by AGH and any of its affiliates to Cool Young under the Renewed
           Talent Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement amounted to approximately RMB14,656,000 and
           approximately RMB44,610,000, respectively; and (ii) the actual agency service fees paid/payable by
           Cool Young to AGH and any of its affiliates under the Renewed Talent Agency Cooperation Framework
           Agreement amounted to nil and approximately RMB86,000, respectively.
                                                                                      2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT        55
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(7)   Commercial Development Services Agreement and Renewed Commercial Development Services
      Agreement

      On April 12, 2019, 上海淘票票影視文化有限公司 (Shanghai Tao Piao Piao Movie & TV Culture Co.,
      Ltd.*) (“Shanghai TPP”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into a commercial
      development services agreement (the “Commercial Development Services Agreement”) with Youku
      Information, a consolidated entity of AGH, for a term commenced from April 1, 2019 and ended
      on March 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Commercial Development Services Agreement, Shanghai TPP
      agreed to provide, and Youku Information agreed to use, the services in relation to the commercial
      development of the original entertainment programs.

      On March 25, 2022, Zhonglian Shengshi, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
      entered into a renewed commercial development services agreement (the “Renewed Commercial
      Development Services Agreement”) with Youku Information to renew the Commercial Development
      Services Agreement for a term commenced from April 1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2025. The
      annual caps of the service fees under the Renewed Commercial Development Services Agreement for
      each of the three financial years ended/ending March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025
      are RMB80,000,000. The actual service fees paid/payable by Youku Information to Zhonglian Shengshi
      under the Renewed Commercial Development Services Agreement for the financial years ended March
      31, 2023 and March 31, 2024 amounted to approximately RMB27,316,000 and RMB28,602,000,
      respectively.
     2023/24 年度報告
56   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (8)   Renewed Movie and Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement

           On August 6, 2019, 華盟(天津)文化傳媒有限公司 (Huameng (Tianjin) Culture Media Co., Ltd.*)
           (now known as 阿里巴巴影業(天津)有限公司 (Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.*) (“Alibaba Pictures
           (Tianjin)”)), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into a framework agreement (the
           “Movie and Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with Youku Technology, an indirect
           wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH, for a term commenced from the effective date of the Movie and
           Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement to March 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Movie and
           Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement, Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates
           may transfer to Youku Technology and/or any of its affiliates, and/or grant Youku Technology and/
           or any of its affiliates a license to use, all or part of its copyrights on the target films, TV dramas and
           online dramas (the “Movie and Drama Series”); Youku Technology and/or any of its affiliates may
           entrust Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates to provide other commercial development
           services, being the provision of the advertisement solicitation services and the commercial development
           solicitation services, and the distribution services for the TV broadcasting rights with respect to films, TV
           dramas and online dramas. The annual cap of the aggregate amount of the copyright fees, commercial
           development fees and distribution agency fees chargeable by Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its
           affiliates to Youku Technology and/or any of its affiliates for the transactions contemplated under the
           Movie and Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement for each of the three financial years ended
           March 31, 2020, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022 is RMB600,000,000.

           On December 1, 2020, Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and Youku Technology entered into a supplemental
           agreement (the “Supplemental Agreement I”) (i) to extend the term of the Movie and Drama Series
           Cooperation Framework Agreement to March 31, 2023; and (ii) to revise certain terms of the Movie and
           Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement relating to the maximum lengths of the target dramas
           and movies to be purchased by Youku Technology and/or any of its affiliates and the pricing bases of
           the purchase price for the target dramas. Accordingly, the Board proposed to revise the annual caps for
           the two financial years ended March 31, 2021 and 2022 from RMB600,000,000 to RMB850,000,000
           and from RMB600,000,000 to RMB900,000,000, respectively and to set an annual cap for the
           financial year ending March 31, 2023 at RMB950,000,000 (the “New Annual Cap”). The Supplemental
           Agreement I, the transactions contemplated thereunder and the above-mentioned revised annual caps
           and the New Annual Cap were approved, confirmed and ratified by the independent shareholders of
           the Company at the special general meeting held on February 5, 2021.
                                                                                             2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT             57
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(8)   Renewed Movie and Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement (Continued)

      The actual aggregate amount of copyright fees, commercial development fees and distribution
      agency fees charged/chargeable by Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates to Youku
      Technology and/or any of its affiliates for the transactions contemplated under the Movie and Drama
      Series Cooperation Framework Agreement (as supplemented and amended by the Supplemental
      Agreement I) for the financial years ended March 31, 2020, March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and
      March 31, 2023 amounted to approximately RMB18,102,000, RMB548,409,000, RMB791,899,000 and
      RMB648,680,000 respectively.

      On February 8, 2023, Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and Youku Technology entered into a transfer
      of copyrights framework agreement (the “Transfer of Copyrights Framework Agreement”) and
      the commercial development and distribution services framework agreement (the “Commercial
      Development and Distribution Services Framework Agreement”) for a term commenced on April 1,
      2023 and ending on March 31, 2026, to renew the Movie and Drama Series Cooperation Framework
      Agreement as supplemented by the Supplemental Agreement I. For the three financial years ended/
      ending March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026, (i) the annual caps of the total fees
      chargeable by Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates to Youku Technology under the
      Transfer of Copyrights Framework Agreement are RMB1,600,000,000, RMB1,900,000,000 and
      RMB2,000,000,000, respectively; and (ii) the annual caps of the total fees chargeable by Alibaba
      Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates to Youku Technology under the Commercial Development
      and Distribution Services Framework Agreement are RMB30,000,000, RMB40,000,000 and
      RMB50,000,000, respectively. The Transfer of Copyrights Framework Agreement and the transactions
      contemplated thereunder (including the annual caps) were approved, confirmed and ratified by the
      independent shareholders of the Company at the special general meeting held on March 27, 2023.

      For the financial year ended March 31, 2024 (i) the actual total fees charged by Alibaba Pictures
      (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates to Youku Technology under the Transfer of Copyrights Framework
      Agreement amounted to approximately RMB556,208,000; and (ii) the actual total fees charged by
      Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates to Youku Technology under the Commercial
      Development and Distribution Services Framework Agreement amounted to approximately
      RMB1,304,000.

(9)   Copyrights Procurement Framework Agreement and Renewed Copyrights Procurement
      Framework Agreement

      On December 6, 2019, Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered
      into a copyrights procurement framework agreement (the “Copyrights Procurement Framework
      Agreement”) with Youku Technology, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH, for a term
      commenced from December 6, 2019 and ended on March 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Copyrights
      Procurement Framework Agreement, the parties agreed that Youku Technology and/or any of its
      affiliates may transfer to Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates, and/or grant Alibaba
      Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates a license to use, all or part of its copyrights on the written
      works, cartoons, films, TV dramas and online dramas, musical works and any other works, etc. (the
      “Copyrights on the Target Works”) for the production of films and dramas, promotion and distribution
      and other businesses of Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates.
     2023/24 年度報告
58   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (9)    Copyrights Procurement Framework Agreement and Renewed Copyrights Procurement
            Framework Agreement (Continued)

            On March 31, 2022, Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) entered into a renewed copyrights procurement
            framework agreement (the “Renewed Copyrights Procurement Framework Agreement”) with Youku
            Technology to renew the Copyrights Procurement Framework Agreement, for a term commenced from
            April 1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2025. The annual caps in respect of the procurement of the
            Copyrights on the Target Works under the Renewed Copyrights Procurement Framework Agreement
            for each of the financial year ended/ending March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025 is
            RMB40,000,000. The actual transaction amount in respect of the procurement of the Copyrights on
            the Target Works by Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates from Youku Technology and/or
            any of its affiliates under the Renewed Copyrights Procurement Framework Agreement for the financial
            years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024 were nil and nil, respectively.

     (10)   Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement I and Renewed Marketing and
            Promotion Services Framework Agreement I

            On August 21, 2020, Beijing Alibaba Pictures and 北京淘秀新媒體科技有限公司 (Beijing Taoxiu New
            Media Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Beijing Taoxiu”), each a consolidated subsidiary of the Company,
            entered into the marketing and promotion services framework agreement (the “Marketing and
            Promotion Services Framework Agreement I”) with Youku Information (a consolidated entity of AGH)
            and Cool Young (a 30%-controlled company indirectly held by AGH), for a term commenced from
            August 21, 2020 and ended on March 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Marketing and Promotion Services
            Framework Agreement I, Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any of their affiliates may
            enter into specific cooperation agreements with Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of
            their affiliates in respect of any of the services such as marketing and promotion services, marketing
            consultancy services, commercial development of audiovisual works, platform content cooperation,
            production of short-form videos and operation of artists’ official accounts. For the financial years
            ended on March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022, (i) the annual caps for the total fees payable by Youku
            Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their affiliates to Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing
            Taoxiu and/or any of their affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated under the Marketing
            and Promotion Services Framework Agreement I are RMB8,000,000 and RMB15,000,000, respectively;
            and (ii) the annual caps for the total fees payable by Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/
            or any of their affiliates to Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their affiliates with
            respect to the transactions contemplated under the Marketing and Promotion Services Framework
            Agreement I are RMB8,000,000 and RMB15,000,000, respectively.
                                                                                           2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT             59
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(10)   Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement I and Renewed Marketing and
       Promotion Services Framework Agreement I (Continued)

       On November 25, 2020, Beijing Alibaba Pictures and Beijing Taoxiu entered into a supplemental
       agreement (the “Supplemental Agreement II”) with Youku Information and Cool Young to supplement
       and expand the scope of relevant transactions contemplated under the Marketing and Promotion
       Services Framework Agreement I. In light of the expanded scope of transactions contemplated under
       the Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement I (as supplemented by the Supplemental
       Agreement II), the annual caps for the total fees payable by Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/
       or any of their affiliates to Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any of their affiliates
       for the transactions contemplated under the Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement
       I (as supplemented by the Supplemental Agreement II) were adjusted to RMB43,000,000 and
       RMB65,000,000 for the financial years ended on March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022, respectively.

       For the financial years ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022, (i) the actual total fees paid/payable
       by Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their affiliates to Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/
       or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any of their affiliates with respect to the Marketing and Promotion Services
       Framework Agreement I amounted to approximately RMB25,335,000 and RMB11,436,000 respectively;
       and (ii) the actual total fees paid/payable by Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any of
       their affiliates to Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their affiliates with respect to the
       Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement I were nil.

       On March 30, 2022, Beijing Alibaba Pictures and Beijing Taoxiu entered into the renewed marketing
       and promotion services framework agreement I (the “Renewed Marketing and Promotion Services
       Framework Agreement I”) with Youku Information and Cool Young for a term commenced from April
       1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2025, to renew the Marketing and Promotion Services Framework
       Agreement I and to expand the scope of services to cover cooperations in relation to talent agency
       commercial development and copyrights procurement of short-form and medium-form videos. For the
       three financial years ended/ending on March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, (i) the
       annual caps for the total fees payable by Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their
       affiliates to Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any of their affiliates with respect
       to the transactions contemplated under the Renewed Marketing and Promotion Services Framework
       Agreement I are RMB78,000,000, RMB88,000,000 and RMB98,000,000, respectively; and (ii) the
       annual caps for the total fees payable by Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any
       of their affiliates to Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their affiliates with respect
       to the transactions contemplated under the Renewed Marketing and Promotion Services Framework
       Agreement I are RMB15,000,000, RMB18,000,000 and RMB22,000,000, respectively. For the financial
       years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024, (i) the actual total fees paid/payable by Youku
       Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their affiliates to Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing
       Taoxiu and/or any of their affiliates with respect to the Renewed Marketing and Promotion Services
       Framework Agreement I amounted to approximately RMB17,484,000 and RMB36,468,000, respectively;
       and (ii) the actual total fees paid/payable by Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any of
       their affiliates to Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their affiliates with respect to the
       Renewed Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement I amounted to approximately RMB
       nil and nil, respectively.
     2023/24 年度報告
60   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (11)   Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement and 2023
            Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement

            On March 26, 2021, 上海阿里巴巴影業有限公司 (Shanghai Alibaba Pictures Co., Ltd.*) (“Shanghai
            Alibaba Pictures”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into an advertising services
            and IP commercialization cooperation framework agreement (the “Advertising Services and IP
            Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with Youku Tudou, a consolidated entity
            of AGH, for a term commenced from April 1, 2021 and ended on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the
            Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement, both parties agreed
            that Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and/or any of its affiliates will (i) authorize Youku Tudou and/or any of
            its affiliates to use IP rights of Shanghai Alibaba Pictures’ and/or any of its affiliates’ audiovisual works
            on a non-exclusive basis for IP commercialization; and (ii) exclusively provide the advertising services to
            Youku Tudou and/or any of its affiliates.

            On August 6, 2021, Shanghai Alibaba Pictures entered into a supplemental agreement (the “Advertising
            Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Supplemental Agreement”) with Youku
            Tudou to revise certain terms of the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation
            Framework Agreement, including (i) Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and/or any of its affiliates will provide
            advertising services on a non-exclusive basis to Youku Tudou and/or any of its affiliates; and (ii) the
            fees receivable by Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and/or its affiliates from Youku Tudou and/or its affiliates
            (as agent for and on behalf of their respective clients) for the provision of the advertising services to
            promote the products or services of clients of Youku Tudou and/or its affiliates shall be 70% of the
            total advertising fees, which is calculated based on the actual usage of the advertising resources and
            services by the clients of Youku Tudou and/or any of its affiliate (as measured by the number of days
            that the relevant advertisement has been placed and displayed on the ticketing platforms and channels
            operated by Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and/or any of its affiliates) and the published standard service
            fee (as amended by Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and/or any of its affiliates from time to time), at a pre-
            determined discount rate, which is subject to downward or upward adjustments (prior written consent
            from Shanghai Alibaba Pictures is required in case of an upward adjustment) by Youku Tudou and/or its
            affiliates to cater for different commercial circumstances and with reference to the specific location or
            the space at which the relevant advertisement is placed or displayed.

            The annual caps for the total fees receivable by Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and its affiliates from
            Youku Tudou and/or its affiliates for the IP commercialization cooperation and the provision of the
            advertising services contemplated under the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation
            Framework Agreement (as supplemented by the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization
            Cooperation Framework Supplemental Agreement) for each of the two financial years ended March
            31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 are RMB41,000,000 and RMB46,000,000 respectively. The actual service
            fees received/receivable by Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and its affiliates from Youku Tudou and/or its
            affiliates under the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement
            (as supplemented by the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework
            Supplemental Agreement) for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 amounted to approximately
            RMB6,735,000.
                                                                                             2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT              61
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(11)   Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement and 2023
       Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement (Continued)

       On March 28, 2023, Shanghai Alibaba Pictures entered into a renewed advertising services and IP
       commercialization cooperation framework agreement (“2023 Advertising Services and IP Commercialization
       Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with Youku Technology for a term commencing on April 1, 2023
       and ending on March 31, 2024 (which, upon expiration of such term, is automatically renewed for a
       successive period of one year subject to compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules), to renew
       the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement (as supplemented by
       the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Supplemental Agreement). For
       the financial year ended March 31, 2024, the annual cap of the total fees receivable by Shanghai Alibaba
       Pictures and/or its affiliates from Youku Technology and/or its affiliates under the 2023 Advertising Services
       and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement is RMB16,500,000 (as revised on December
       28, 2023 and March 28, 2024, respectively). The actual service fees received/receivable by Shanghai Alibaba
       Pictures and its affiliates from Youku Technology and/or its affiliates under the 2023 Advertising Services
       and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement for the financial year ended March 31, 2024
       amounted to approximately RMB16,225,000.

(12)   Warehousing and Logistics Services Framework Agreement and 2023 Warehousing And
       Logistics Services Framework Agreement

       On June 17, 2021, 天津端盒拿趣科技有限公司 (Tianjin Duanhenaqu Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Tianjin
       Duanhenaqu”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, and Hangzhou Cainiao, an indirect non-
       wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH, entered into a warehousing and logistics services framework
       agreement (the “Warehousing And Logistics Services Framework Agreement”) for a term commenced
       from June 17, 2021 and ended on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Warehousing And Logistics Services
       Framework Agreement, Tianjin Duanhenaqu and/or its affiliates may procure warehousing services,
       distribution services, packaging services, system services, training service, customer services and other
       warehousing and logistics related services from Hangzhou Cainiao and/or its affiliates. The annual
       caps for the total fees payable by Tianjin Duanhenaqu and/or its affiliates to Hangzhou Cainiao and/
       or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated under the Warehousing And Logistics
       Services Framework Agreement for the financial years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 are
       fixed at RMB15,000,000 and RMB30,000,000, respectively. The actual service fees paid/payable by
       Tianjin Duanhenaqu and/or its affiliates to Hangzhou Cainiao and/or its affiliates with respect to the
       Warehousing And Logistics Services Framework Agreement for the financial years ended March 31,
       2022 and March 31, 2023 amounted to approximately RMB2,210,000 and RMB3,863,000, respectively.

       On March 28, 2023, Tianjin Duanhenaqu entered into a renewed warehousing and logistics services
       framework agreement (“2023 Warehousing And Logistics Services Framework Agreement”) with
       Hangzhou Cainiao, for a term commenced on April 1, 2023 and ending on March 31, 2026, to renew
       the Warehousing And Logistics Services Framework Agreement. For the three financial years ended/
       ending March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026, the annual caps for the total fees
       payable by Tianjin Duanhenaqu and/or its affiliates to Hangzhou Cainiao and/or its affiliates under the
       2023 Warehousing and Logistics Services Framework Agreement are RMB10,000,000, RMB11,000,000
       and RMB12,000,000, respectively. The actual service fees paid by Tianjin Duanhenaqu and/or its
       affiliates to Hangzhou Cainiao and/or its affiliates under the 2023 Warehousing And Logistics Services
       Framework Agreement for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 amounted to approximately
       RMB1,337,000.
     2023/24 年度報告
62   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (13)   Operation Services Agreement

            On February 8, 2022, Zhonglian Shengshi, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
            and Beijing Damai, a consolidated entity of AGH, entered into an operation services agreement (the
            “Operation Services Agreement”), for a term commenced from April 1, 2022 and ending on March
            31, 2025. Pursuant to the Operation Services Agreement, Beijing Damai (for itself and its affiliates)
            agreed to engage Zhonglian Shengshi and/or its affiliates to exclusively provide a full range of operation
            services, including (i) entering into business cooperation agreements (“Business Agreements”) with
            different live performance programme organizers, performance venue owners, exhibition organizers,
            other event organizers or related working parties for and on behalf of Beijing Damai and/or its affiliates;
            (ii) exercising rights (including rights to defend or initiate litigation proceedings or arbitration in the
            name of Beijing Damai and/or its affiliates) and fulfilling obligations (including but not limited to the
            provision of ticketing system and ticketing services) for and on behalf of Beijing Damai and/or its
            affiliates under the Business Agreements; (iii) managing, maintaining, developing or upgrading the
            ticketing system and sales channels operated by Beijing Damai, its affiliates or independent working
            parties; and (iv) providing other administrative management services and personnel support as required
            by Beijing Damai and/or its affiliates to Beijing Damai and/or its affiliates. The annual caps for the total
            service fees payable by Beijing Damai and/or its affiliates to Zhonglian Shengshi with respect to the
            transactions contemplated under the Operation Services Agreement for the financial years ended/
            ending March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025 are RMB450,000,000. The Operation
            Services Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder (including the annual caps) were
            approved, confirmed and ratified by the independent shareholders of the Company at the special
            general meeting held on March 29, 2022.

            On December 28, 2023, the Company announced that since Beijing Damai has become part of the
            Group after closing of the Acquisition, Beijing Damai and Zhonglian Shengshi, being a consolidated
            entity and an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, respectively, entered into a
            termination agreement on December 28, 2023 to terminate the Operation Services Agreement and
            cease the continuing connected transaction contemplated thereunder with effect from the date of
            closing of the Acquisition (the “Termination Agreement”).

            Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, all rights and obligations of the parties under the Operation
            Services Agreement shall be terminated and discharged and neither party shall have any claims against
            each other as a result of the termination.

            The actual service fees paid/payable by Beijing Damai and/or its affiliates to Zhonglian Shengshi under
            the Operation Services Agreement for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024
            amounted to approximately RMB370,929,000 and RMB219,194,000, respectively.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT              63
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(14)   Digital Collectibles Issuance Cooperation Framework Agreement

       On April 14, 2022, Hainan Lingjing Culture Technology Co., Ltd.* (海南靈境文化科技有限公司)
       (“Hainan Lingjing”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, and Hangzhou Ant, an indirect wholly-
       owned subsidiary of Ant Group, entered into a digital collectibles issuance cooperation framework
       agreement (the “Digital Collectibles Issuance Cooperation Framework Agreement”), for a term
       commenced from April 14, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2025. Pursuant to the Digital Collectibles
       Issuance Cooperation Framework Agreement, Hainan Lingjing and/or any of its affiliates may enter into
       specific agreements with Hangzhou Ant and/or any of its affiliates for the issuance of digital collectibles
       on the Jingtan Platform, whereby (i) Hangzhou Ant and/or any of its affiliates may assist Hainan Lingjing
       and/or any of its affiliates in creating the digital collectibles based on the original works of Hainan
       Lingjing and/or any of its affiliates through blockchain technology services; and (ii) Hainan Lingjing and/
       or any of its affiliates may authorize Hangzhou Ant and/or any of its affiliates as seller(s) to sell the
       digital collectibles on the Jingtan Platform.

       The annual caps for the total fees payable by Hangzhou Ant and/or any of its affiliates to Hainan
       Lingjing and/or any of its affiliates under the Digital Collectibles Issuance Cooperation Framework
       Agreement for the financial years ended/ending March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025
       are RMB20,000,000, RMB30,000,000 and RMB40,000,000, respectively. The actual service fees paid/
       payable by Hangzhou Ant and/or its affiliates to Hainan Lingjing and/or its affiliates with respect to the
       Digital Collectibles Issuance Cooperation Framework Agreement for the financial years ended March 31,
       2023 and March 31, 2024 amounted to approximately RMB1,765,000 and RMB735,000, respectively.
     2023/24 年度報告
64   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (15)   Digital Collectibles Technical Services Framework Agreement

            On April 14, 2022, Shouquanbao, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, and Ant Blockchain, an
            indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group, entered into a digital collectibles technical services
            framework agreement (“Digital Collectibles Technical Services Framework Agreement”) for a term
            commenced from April 14, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2025, whereby (i) Ant Blockchain and/
            or any of its affiliates may provide the blockchain technology services and other technical services to
            Shouquanbao and/or any of its affiliates, or (ii) Shouquanbao and/or any of its affiliates may provide
            intermediary services to Ant Blockchain and/or any of its affiliates.

            The annual caps for the total service fees payable by Shouquanbao and/or any of its affiliates to
            Ant Blockchain and/or any of its affiliates for the blockchain technology services under the Digital
            Collectibles Technical Services Framework Agreement for the three financial years ended/ending
            March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025 are RMB35,000,000, RMB45,000,000 and
            RMB55,000,000, respectively. The actual service fees paid/payable by Shouquanbao and/or any of its
            affiliates to Ant Blockchain and/or any of its affiliates with respect to the Digital Collectibles Technical
            Services Framework Agreement for the financial years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024
            amounted to approximately RMB7,883,000 and RMB151,000, respectively.

            The annual cap for the total service fees payable by Ant Blockchain and/or any of its affiliates to
            Shouquanbao and/or any of its affiliates for the intermediary services under the Digital Collectibles
            Technical Services Framework Agreement for each of the financial year ended/ending March 31, 2023,
            March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025 is RMB1,000,000. The actual service fees received/receivable
            by Shouquanbao and/or any of its affiliates from Ant Blockchain and/or any of its affiliates under the
            Digital Collectibles Technical Services Framework Agreement for the financial years ended March 31,
            2023 and March 31, 2024 were nil and nil, respectively.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT         65
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(16)   Live Event Management Services and Artist-related Services Cooperation Framework
       Agreement

       On August 29, 2022, Cool Young, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into a
       cooperation framework agreement (“Live Event Management Services and Artist-related Services
       Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with Alipay (Hangzhou), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant
       Group, for a term commenced from August 29, 2022 and ended on December 31, 2023, pursuant to
       which Cool Young and/or any of its affiliates may provide live event management services and artist-
       related service to Alipay (Hangzhou) and/or its affiliates.

       The annual caps for the total service fees payable by Alipay (Hangzhou) and/or its affiliates to Cool
       Young and/or any of its affiliates under the Cooperation Framework Agreement for the financial
       year ended March 31, 2023 and nine months ended December 31, 2023 are RMB30,000,000 and
       RMB22,000,000, respectively. The actual service fees paid/payable by Alipay (Hangzhou) and/or any
       of its affiliates to Cool Young and/or any of its affiliates with respect to the Live Event Management
       Services and Artist-related Services Cooperation Framework Agreement for the financial year ended
       March 31, 2023 were nil and the nine months ended December 31, 2023 were RMB1,462,000,
       respectively.
     2023/24 年度報告
66   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (17)   2022 EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework Agreement

            On September 29, 2022, the Company and AGH entered into an EBC cost reimbursement framework
            agreement (the “2022 EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework Agreement”) with an initial term
            commenced on September 29, 2022 and ended on March 31, 2023 (which upon expiration of such
            initial term, is automatically renewed for a successive period of one year subject to compliance with
            the requirements of the Listing Rules). Pursuant to the 2022 EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework
            Agreement, AGH may allocate to the Company, and the Company may allocate to Alibaba Holding, the
            equity-based compensation costs associated with the relevant unvested awards held by any grantees
            (whose employment is transferred to the Group or the AGH entities, as the case may be) and each party
            may reimburse the other party the amount in respect of the relevant vested awards (the “2022 EBC
            Cost Reimbursement”).

            The annual cap for the amount payable by the Company to AGH under the 2022 EBC Cost
            Reimbursement Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2023 is RMB80,000,000. The
            annual cap for the amount payable by AGH to the Company under the 2022 EBC Cost Reimbursement
            Framework Agreement for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 is RMB12,000,000.

            On March 28, 2023, the Company announced that 2022 EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework
            Agreement would be renewed on April 1, 2023 for a term of one year commenced from April 1, 2023
            and ended on March 31, 2024 by re-compliance with provisions of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
            applicable to the relevant continuing connected transactions. The annual cap for the amount payable
            by the Company to AGH under the 2022 EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework Agreement for the
            year ended March 31, 2024 is RMB36,000,000. The annual cap for the amount payable by AGH to the
            Company under the 2022 EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework Agreement for the financial year ending
            March 31, 2024 is RMB10,000,000 (as revised on November 13, 2023).

            The actual amount paid/payable by the Company to AGH with respect to the EBC Cost Reimbursement
            Framework Agreement for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024 amounted to
            approximately RMB67,818,000 and RMB35,881,000, respectively. The actual amount paid/payable
            by AGH to the Company with respect to the EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework Agreement for the
            years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024 amounted to approximately RMB10,216,000 and
            RMB9,046,000, respectively.
                                                                                      2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT            67
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(17)   2022 EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework Agreement (Continued)

       On March 28, 2024, the Company and AGH entered into a framework agreement relating to the
       equity-based awards settlement (the “2024 EBC Framework Agreement”) with a term commencing on
       April 1, 2024 and ending on March 31, 2027. Pursuant to the 2024 EBC Framework Agreement, AGH
       may allocate to the Company, and the Company may allocate to AGH, the equity-based compensation
       costs associated with the relevant unvested awards held by any grantees (whose employment is
       transferred to the Group or the AGH entities, as the case may be) and each party may reimburse the
       other party the amount in respect of the relevant vested awards (the “2024 EBC Cost Reimbursement”).

       The annual caps for the amount payable by the Group to Alibaba Group/AGH under the 2024 EBC
       Framework Agreement for the financial years ending on March 31, 2025, March 31, 2026 and March
       31, 2027 are RMB14,000,000, RMB14,000,000 and RMB14,000,000, respectively,

       The annual caps for the amount payable by Alibaba Group/AGH to the Group under the 2024 EBC
       Framework Agreement for the financial years ending on March 31, 2025, March 31, 2026 and March
       31, 2027 are RMB5,000,000, RMB5,000,000 and RMB5,000,000, respectively.

(18)   Production Services and the Programmes-related Commercial Development Services
       Cooperation Framework Agreement

       On March 28, 2023, Beijing Fanni Culture Media Co., Ltd* (北京蕃尼蕃尼文化傳媒有限公司) (“Beijing
       Fanni”), a consolidated entity of the Company, entered into a cooperation framework agreement (the
       “Production Services and the Programmes-related Commercial Development Services Cooperation
       Framework Agreement”) with Youku Information for a term commenced on April 1, 2023 and ending
       on March 31, 2026. Pursuant to the Production Services and the Programmes-related Commercial
       Development Services Cooperation Framework Agreement, (i) Youku Information and/or any of its
       affiliates, the parties to the agreement and/or any other investors of the programmes, movies and/or
       dramas may engage the Company’s consolidated entity and/or its affiliates to produce the programmes,
       movies and/or dramas (the “Production Services”); and (ii) Youku Information and/or any of its
       affiliates may entrust the Company’s consolidated entity and/or its affiliates to introduce customers
       for placement of advertisements, or commercial development, in relation to any programmes to be
       broadcasted on Youku Platform (collectively, the “Programmes-related Commercial Development
       Services”). The annual caps for the total fees in respect of the provision of the Production Services
       and the Programmes-related Commercial Development Services under the Production Services and
       the Programmes-related Commercial Development Services Cooperation Framework Agreement
       for the financial years ended/ending March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026 are
       RMB12,000,000, RMB13,000,000 and RMB14,000,000, respectively.

       The actual fees in respect of the provision of the Production Services and the Programmes-related
       Commercial Development Services under the Production Services and the Programmes-related
       Commercial Development Services Cooperation Framework Agreement for the financial years ended
       March 31, 2024 amounted to approximately RMB7,081,000.
     2023/24 年度報告
68   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (19)   Purchase Framework Agreement

            On March 31, 2023, Shouquanbao, a consolidated entity of the Company, entered into a purchase
            framework agreement (the “Purchase Framework Agreement”) with Alipay (Hangzhou), a wholly-
            owned subsidiary of Ant Group for a term commenced on April 1, 2023 and ending on March 31,
            2026, whereby Alipay (Hangzhou) and/or any of its affiliates may purchase derivative commodities and
            any other products (the “Products”) from Shouquanbao and/or any of its affiliates. The annual caps
            for the purchase for the financial years ended/ending March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March 31,
            2026 are RMB30,000,000, RMB33,000,000 and RMB36,000,000, respectively.

            The actual purchase price received/receivable by Shouquanbao and/or any of its affiliates from Alipay
            (Hangzhou) and/or any of its affiliates for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 was nil.

     (20)   Marketing and Promotion Cooperation Framework Agreement

            On January 31, 2024, Hangzhou Tao Piao Piao, an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the
            Company entered into a marketing and promotion co-marketing cooperation framework agreement
            with Hangzhou Huanyao, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group for a term commenced
            from January 31, 2024 and ending on March 31, 2025, whereby Hangzhou Huanyao and/or any of its
            affiliates and Hangzhou Tao Piao Piao and/or any of its affiliates may, subject to the relevant annual
            caps, enter into specific agreement(s) in respect of provision of (i) the promotion services (which
            cover, among other things, design and production of promotion materials, formulation, planning
            and execution of marketing and promotion strategies and provision of blockchain technology and
            marketing technology, which will be delivered in various forms such as online advertisements, offline
            advertisements and marketing activities, movie ticketing promotion and self-media promotion) through
            various types of media, platforms (including but not limited to applications such as Mini Programs, App,
            and Webpage) and channels (including self-owned platforms and channels and those of the cooperative
            partners) (the “Promotion Services”) and (ii) the promotion technology services (the “Promotion
            Technology Services”) by Hangzhou Huanyao and/or any of its affiliates to the Hangzhou Tao Piao Piao
            and/or any of its affiliates and/or their respective cooperative partner(s) as well as cooperation in co-
            marketing activities.

            The annual caps for the service fees receivable by Hangzhou Huanyao and/or any of its affiliates under
            the Marketing and Promotion Cooperation Framework Agreement for the two financial years ended/
            ending March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025 are fixed at RMB30,000,000 and RMB50,000,000,
            respectively.

            The actual amount paid/payable by the Hangzhou Tao Piao Piao and/or any of its affiliates to Hangzhou
            Huanyao and/or any of its affiliates for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 amounted to
            approximately RMB18,939,000.
                                                                                     2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT           69
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

Confirmation from the independent non-executive Directors

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed all of the above non-exempt continuing connected
transactions, and confirmed that the above non-exempt continuing connected transactions have been entered
into:

•     in the ordinary and usual course of the Group’s business;

•     on normal or better commercial terms; and

•     according to the relevant agreement governing them, on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
      interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.
     2023/24 年度報告
70   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements

            I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring

            Overview

            The business of the Group involves movie production and distribution, radio and television programs
            production and operation, online data and transaction processing for online movie and live events
            ticketing platforms, internet information services for distributing information about investment in
            movies, television programs and entertainment business, and investment in movies, television programs
            and entertainment business (the “I-Restricted Businesses”). As the applicable PRC laws and regulations
            in force restrict foreign investment in the I-Restricted Businesses, the Group adopted a series of
            contractual arrangements with respect to (i) Zhonglian Jinghua Culture Communication (Beijing) Co.,
            Ltd.* (中聯京華文化傳播(北京)有限公司) (“Zhonglian Jinghua”), (ii) Beijing Ali Tao Movie & TV Culture
            Co., Ltd.* (北京阿里淘影視文化有限公司) (“Beijing Ali Tao”); and (iii) Shanghai Tao Piao Piao Movie
            & TV Culture Co., Ltd.* (上海淘票票影視文化有限公司) (“Shanghai Tao Piao Piao”) (collectively, the
            “I-OPCOs”) or their respective subsidiaries, which enabled the Group, through its wholly owned
            subsidiaries, Zhonglian Shengshi and Hangzhou Taopiaopiao Technology Co., Ltd.* (杭州淘票票科技有
            限公司) (formerly known as Hangzhou Tao Piao Piao Movie & TV Culture Co., Ltd.* (杭州淘票票影視文
            化有限公司)) (“Hangzhou Tao Piao Piao”) (each a “I-WFOE” and collectively, the “I-WFOEs”), to obtain
            effective control over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses operated
            by the I-OPCOs, and the I-OPCOs, in turn, operate the Restricted Businesses through itself and its
            subsidiaries.

            Prior to the VIE Restructuring (as defined below), the contractual arrangements were entered into
            among the I-WFOEs, the I-OPCOs and the four individual registered owners of the I-OPCOs (the “Ex-
            Registered Owners”) (the “Previous Contractual Arrangements”).

            As part of AGH’s strategy in enhancing the variable interest entities (“VIEs”) structure, during the
            financial year ended March 31, 2021, the four Ex-Registered Owners under the Previous Contractual
            Arrangements entered into equity transfer agreements with Beijing Baoxuan (a consolidated entity of
            AGH), pursuant to which (a) two Ex-Registered Owners agreed to transfer 50% and 50% of the equity
            interests in each of Zhonglian Jinghua and Beijing Ali Tao respectively to Beijing Baoxuan, and (b) the
            other two Ex-Registered Owners agreed to transfer 50% and 50% of the equity interests in Shanghai
            Tao Piao Piao respectively to Beijing Baoxuan (the “VIE Restructuring”). On the same day, each of the
            I-OPCOs (i.e. Zhonglian Jinghua, Beijing Ali Tao and Shanghai Tao Piao Piao) became owned as to 100%
            by Beijing Baoxuan. Beijing Baoxuan is wholly-owned by Hangzhou Baoxuan Investment Management
            Co., Ltd.* (杭州寶軒投資管理有限公司), a company established in the PRC with limited liability (“PRC
            Investco”), which is held as to each 50% by two PRC limited partnerships established in the PRC (“PRC
            LPs”), both of which were ultimately owned by a company established in the PRC with limited liability
            serving as a general partner of the PRC LPs (“PRC GP”) and five selected members of the Alibaba
            Partnership or AGH’s management who are PRC citizens (the “Five Individuals”).
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT              71
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

       Overview (Continued)

       As a result of the equity transfers under the VIE Restructuring, the Group entered into a series of
       contractual arrangements (the “I-Contractual Arrangements”) with the OPCOs and Beijing Baoxuan
       (as new registered owner of I-OPCOs) (the “I-Registered Owner”), which contain substantially the
       same terms as the Previous Contractual Arrangements and enable the Group to continue, through the
       I-WFOEs, to maintain effective control over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the
       businesses operated by the I-OPCOs, which in turn operate the I-Restricted Businesses through itself
       and its subsidiaries. The VIE Restructuring has been first disclosed in the Company’s 2020/21 Annual
       Report. Further details in relation to the terms of the I-Structured Contracts (as defined below) and
       Contractual Arrangements are set out below. Through the I-Structured Contracts and the I-Contractual
       Arrangements, the results of operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the I-OPCOs were
       consolidated into the Company’s financial statements, and the I-OPCOs were regarded as indirect
       subsidiaries of the Group under HKFRS 10 during the year ended March 31, 2024.

       Particulars of the I-OPCOs and their I-Registered Owner

       As at March 31, 2024, particulars of the I-OPCOs and their respective I-Registered Owner are as follows:

       Name of I-OPCO       I-Registered Owner           Registered Capital   Principal Activities

       Zhonglian Jinghua    100% by Beijing Baoxuan      RMB10 million        Investment holding

       Beijing Ali Tao      100% by Beijing Baoxuan      RMB99 million        Investment holding

       Shanghai Tao Piao    100% by Beijing Baoxuan      RMB10 million        Film investment; film distribution;
         Piao                                                                    ticketing agency; technological
                                                                                 consultation, technology transfer
                                                                                 and technology services in the
                                                                                 professional field of network
                                                                                 technology; e-commerce
     2023/24 年度報告
72   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

            Particulars of the I-OPCOs and their I-Registered Owner (Continued)

            The following table sets out the subsidiaries of Zhonglian Jinghua as at March 31,2024:

            Name of Subsidiary                 Holding Company             Ownership   Principal Activities

            Zhonglian Huameng (Shanghai)       Zhonglian Jinghua           100%        Production of broadcasting &
              Cultural Media Co., Ltd.*                                                  television programs; distribution;
              (中聯華盟(上海) 文化傳媒                                                             exchanging and planning of
              有限公司)                                                                      screen- based, cultural & art
                                                                                         events; film investment

            Beijing Alibaba Pictures Culture   Zhonglian Jinghua           100%        Film distribution, film production;
              Co., Ltd.* (北京阿里巴巴影業                                                        performance brokerage;
              文化有限公司)                                                                     production of broadcasting &
                                                                                          television programs

            Beijing Silu Yunpai Technology     Zhonglian Jinghua           60%         Technical promotion services;
              Co., Ltd.* (北京思盧雲拍科技                                                       computer system services;
              有限公司)                                                                      software design; design,
                                                                                         production, agency sale and
                                                                                         release of advertisements

            Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) Co.,    Beijing Alibaba Pictures    100%        Production of broadcasting &
              Ltd.* (阿里巴巴影業(天津)                  Culture Co., Ltd.                       television programs
              有限公司)

            Alibaba Shouquanbao (Tianjin)      Beijing Alibaba Pictures    100%        Advertising and sale of
              Culture Communication Co.,         Culture Co., Ltd.                       entertainment related
              Ltd.* (阿里巴巴授權寶(天津)                                                         merchandise and derivative
              文化傳播有限公司)                                                                  products

            Beijing Xiangjin Pictures Co.,     Beijing Alibaba Pictures    100%        Production and distribution of film
              Ltd.* (北京香金影業有限公司)                 Culture Co., Ltd.                       and television drama series

            Hangzhou Youwu Culture             Alibaba Shouquanbao         100%        Digital collectibles issuance,
              Communication Co., Ltd.*           (Tianjin) Culture                       establishment of platforms
              (杭州魷物文化傳播有限公司)                     Communication Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT               73
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

       Particulars of the I-OPCOs and their I-Registered Owner (Continued)

       The following table sets out the subsidiaries of Beijing Ali Tao as at March 31, 2023:

       Name of Subsidiary                      Holding Company               Ownership   Principal Activities

       Zhejiang Dongyang Microcosmic           Beijing Ali Tao               100%        Investment in and production
         Movie & Media Co., Ltd.*                                                          and distribution of film and
         (浙江東陽小宇宙影視傳媒有限公司)                                                                 TV copyrights

       Shanghai Alibaba Pictures Co., Ltd.*    Beijing Ali Tao               100%        Film investment, film
         (上海阿里巴巴影業有限公司)                                                                     production

       Beijing Yulebao Movie & Media           Beijing Ali Tao               100%        Investment in and production
         Co., Ltd.* (北京娛樂寶影視傳媒                                                             and distribution of film and
         有限公司)                                                                             TV copyrights

       Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba Pictures      Beijing Ali Tao               100%        Investment in and production
         Co., Ltd.* (浙江東陽阿里巴巴影業                                                            and distribution of film and
         有限公司)                                                                             TV copyrights; investment
                                                                                           management

       Alibaba Pictures (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*   Beijing Ali Tao               100%        Investment in and production
         (阿里巴巴影業(北京)有限公司)                                                                  and distribution of film and
                                                                                           TV copyrights

       Horgos Xiaoyuzhou Movie & TV            Zhejiang Dongyang             100%        Investment in and production
         Culture Co., Ltd.* (霍爾果斯小宇宙             Microcosmic Movie &                       and distribution of film
         影視文有限公司)                                Media Co., Ltd.                           copyrights

       Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse Culture     Zhejiang Dongyang             70%         Film distribution and
         Media Co., Ltd.* (北京藍天黑馬                Microcosmic Movie &                        marketing
         文化傳媒有限公司)                               Media Co., Ltd.

       Beijing Surprise Plentiful Culture      Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   100%        Film distribution and
         Media Co., Ltd.* (北京鯨喜很多                Culture Media Co., Ltd.                    marketing
         文化傳媒有限公司 )
     2023/24 年度報告
74   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

            Particulars of the I-OPCOs and their I-Registered Owner (Continued)

            Name of Subsidiary                     Holding Company               Ownership   Principal Activities

            Beijing Imagination Infinity Culture   Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   100%        Film distribution and
              Media Co., Ltd.* (北京想象力無限              Culture Media Co., Ltd.                    marketing
              文化傳媒有限公司)

            Beijing Basic Skill Culture Media      Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   100%        Film distribution and
              Co., Ltd.* (北京基本功文化傳媒                  Culture Media Co., Ltd.                    marketing
              有限公司)

            Beijing Xiangyang Culture Media Co.,   Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   100%        Film distribution and
              Ltd.* (北京象樣文化傳媒有限公司)                   Culture Media Co., Ltd.                    marketing

            Beijing Dark Horse Youth Culture       Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   100%        Film distribution and
              Media Co., Ltd.* (北京黑馬青春文              Culture Media Co., Ltd.                    marketing
              化傳媒有限公司)

            Beijing Yuliang Culture Media          Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   100%        Film distribution and
              Co., Ltd.* (北京魚良文化傳媒                   Culture Media Co., Ltd.                    marketing
              有限公司)

            Shanghai Xingya Culture Media          Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   100%        Film distribution and
              Co., Ltd.* (上海行鴨文化傳媒                   Culture Media Co., Ltd.                    marketing
              有限公司)

            Shanghai Yuliang Culture Media         Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   100%        Film distribution and
              Co., Ltd.*                             Culture Media Co., Ltd.                    marketing
              (上海魚良文化傳媒有限公司)

            Zhongyu (Tianjin) Commercial           Beijing Yulebao Movie &       100%        Factoring
              Factoring Co., Ltd.* (中娛(天津)           Media Co., Ltd.
              商業保理有限公司)

            Hangzhou Kangmai Investment &          Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba     100%        Investment management,
              Management Co., Ltd.*                  Pictures Co., Ltd.                        industrial investment and
              (杭州康邁投資管理有限公司)                                                                   investment consultation
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT               75
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

       Particulars of the I-OPCOs and their I-Registered Owner (Continued)

       Name of Subsidiary                    Holding Company             Ownership   Principal Activities

       Hangzhou Alibaba Movie & TV          Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba    100%        Investment management,
         Investment & Management Co., Ltd.*   Pictures Co., Ltd.                       industrial investment and
         (杭州阿里巴巴影視投資管理有限公司)                                                            investment consultation

       Beijing Fanni Fanni Culture Media     Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba   60%         Production of variety shows,
         Co., Ltd.* (北京蕃尼蕃尼文化傳媒                Pictures Co., Ltd.                      television programs and
         有限公司)                                                                         short dramas for children

       Cool Young Culture Communication      Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba   51%         Talent agency
         Co., Ltd.* (酷漾文化傳播有限公司)               Pictures Co., Ltd.

       Hainan Alibaba Pictures Co., Ltd.*    Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba   100%        Production, distribution,
         (海南阿里巴巴影業有限公司)                        Pictures Co., Ltd.                      and marketing of film and
                                                                                       television programs

       Beijing Taoxiu New Media Technology   Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba   60%         Internet information services,
         Co., Ltd.* (北京淘秀新媒體科技                 Pictures Co., Ltd.                       advertising and marketing
         有限公司)

       KOITAKE (Beijing) Technology          Hangzhou Kangmai            100%        Sale of pop toys
         Co., Ltd.* (錦鯉拿趣(北京)科技                Investment & Management
         有限公司)                                 Co., Ltd.

       Beijing Ju You Xiang Fa Movie & TV    Hangzhou Kangmai            100%        Investment in and production
         Culture Communication Co., Ltd.*      Investment & Management                 and distribution of film and
         (北京劇有想法影視文化傳播                         Co., Ltd.                               television programs
         有限公司)

       Beijing Tangerine Orange Culture      Hangzhou Kangmai            100%        Marketing of film and
         Media Co., Ltd.* (北京橘子橙子              Investment & Management                television programs
         文化傳媒有限公司)                             Co., Ltd.
     2023/24 年度報告
76   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

            Particulars of the I-OPCOs and their I-Registered Owner (Continued)

            Name of Subsidiary                      Holding Company             Ownership   Principal Activities

            Aliyu (Tianjin) Culture Communication   Hangzhou Kangmai            100%        IP-related products
              Co., Ltd.* (阿鯉魚(天津)文化傳播                 Investment & Management
              有限公司)                                   Co., Ltd.

            Hainan Lingjing Culture Technology      Hangzhou Kangmai            100%        Digital collectibles issuance
              Co., Ltd.* (海南靈境文化科技                    Investment & Management
              有限公司)                                   Co., Ltd.

            Tianjin Ju You Yin Li Movie & TV        Hangzhou Kangmai            100%        Production, distribution of
              Culture Communication Co., Ltd.*        Investment & Management                 broadcasting & television
              (天津劇有引力影視文化傳播有限                         Co., Ltd.                               programs
              公司)

            Taomailang (Beijing) Technology         Hangzhou Kangmai            100%        Computer system services
              Co., Ltd.* (淘麥郎(北京 )科技                  Investment & Management
              有限公司)                                   Co., Ltd.

            Zhejiang Tao Piao Piao Movie &          Hangzhou Kangmai            100%        Production and distribution
              TV Culture Media Co., Ltd.*             Investment &                            of broadcasting &
              (浙江淘票票影視文化傳媒有限公司)                       Management Co., Ltd.                    television programs

            Suzhou Ju You Xiang Fa Movie &          Hangzhou Kangmai            100%        Production and distribution
              TV Culture Communication                Investment &                            of broadcasting &
              Co., Ltd.* (蘇州劇有想法影視                    Management Co., Ltd.                    television programs
              文化傳播有限公司)

            KOITAKE (Beijing) Culture               KOITAKE (Beijing) Technology 100%       Sales of pop toys and
              Technology Co., Ltd.* (拿趣(北京)           Co., Ltd. 錦鯉拿趣(北京)科技                    action figures
              文化科技有限公司)                               有限公司

            KOITAKE Times (Hangzhou) Culture        KOITAKE (Beijing) Technology 100%       Sales of pop toys and
             Technology Co., Ltd.*                    Co., Ltd. 錦鯉拿趣(北京)科技                    action figures
             (拿趣時代(杭州)文化科技有限公司)                       有限公司

            Beijing Ju You Xin Yi Movie & TV        Beijing Ju You Xiang        100%        Production of broadcasting &
              Culture Co., Ltd.* (北京劇有心意              Fa Movie & TV Culture                   television programs
              影視文化有限公司)                               Communication Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT               77
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

       Particulars of the I-OPCOs and their I-Registered Owner (Continued)

       Name of Subsidiary                  Holding Company              Ownership   Principal Activities

       Fuzhou As One Movie & TV Culture Beijing Ju You Xiang Fa Movie   100%        Production and distribution
         Communication Co., Ltd*          & TV Culture                                of broadcasting & television
         (福州淇心劇力影視文化傳播有限公司)               Communication Co., Ltd.                     programs

       Zhejiang As One Movie & TV          Beijing Ju You Xiang Fa Movie 100%       Production and distribution
         Culture Communication Co.,          & TV Culture Communication               of broadcasting &
         Ltd* (浙江淇心劇力影視文化傳播                  Co., Ltd.                                television programs
         有限公司)

       Chengdu Ju You Yin Li Movie &       Beijing Ju You Xiang Fa Movie 100%       Production and distribution
         TV Culture Communication            & TV Culture Communication               of broadcasting &
         Co., Ltd.* (成都劇有引力影視                Co., Ltd.                                television programs
         文化傳播有限公司)

       Hangzhou Ju You Xiang Fa Movie      Beijing Ju You Xiang Fa Movie 100%       Production and distribution
         & TV Culture Communication          & TV Culture Communication               of broadcasting &
         Co., Ltd.* (杭州劇有想法影視                Co., Ltd.                                television programs
         文化傳播有限公司)
     2023/24 年度報告
78   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

            Particulars of the I-OPCOs and their I-Registered Owner (Continued)

            Name of Subsidiary                     Holding Company             Ownership   Principal Activities

            Hainan Ju You Xiang Fa Galaxy          Beijing Ju You Xiang        100%        Production and distribution
              Culture Communication Co.,             Fa Movie & TV Culture                   of broadcasting &
              Ltd.* (海南劇有想法星河文化傳                     Communication Co., Ltd.                 television programs
              播有限公司)

            Xiangjin Pictures (Chengdu) Co.,       Beijing Ju You Xiang        100%        Production and distribution
              Ltd.* (香金影業(成都) 有限公司)                  Fa Movie & TV Culture                   of broadcasting &
                                                     Communication Co., Ltd.                 television programs

            Beijing 102 Artists Agency Co., Ltd*   Cool Young Culture          100%        Talent agency
              (北京壹零貳藝人經紀有限公司)                        Communication Co., Ltd.

            Beijing Liyu Culture Communication     Cool Young Culture          100%        Talent agency
              Co., Ltd.* (北京里娛文化傳播                   Communication Co., Ltd.
              有限責任公司)

            Hainan Canno Studio Pictures           Hainan Alibaba Pictures     100%        Production, distribution,
              Co., Ltd.* (海南可能製造影業                   Co., Ltd.                               and marketing of film and
              有限公司)                                                                          television programs
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT              79
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

       Summary of the major terms of the I-Contractual Arrangements

       As at March 31, 2024, there were three sets of ongoing I-Contractual Arrangements in place:

       (a)   in respect of Zhonglian Jinghua, a series of exclusive service agreements (the “I-Exclusive Service
             Agreements”), loan agreements (the “I-Loan Agreements”), equity interest pledge agreements
             (the “I-Equity Interest Pledge Agreements”), powers of attorney on shareholders’ voting rights
             (the “I-Powers of Attorney on Shareholder Voting Rights”) and exclusive option agreements (the
             “I-Exclusive Option Agreements”) (collectively the “I-Structured Contracts”) were entered into
             Zhonglian Shengshi (as the Company’s subsidiary, i.e. one of the I-WFOEs), Zhonglian Jinghua (as
             the I-OPCO) and Beijing Baoxuan (as the registered owner);

       (b)   in respect of Beijing Ali Tao, the Structured Contracts were entered into among Zhonglian
             Shengshi (as the Company’s subsidiary, i.e. one of the I-WFOEs), Beijing Ali Tao (as the I-OPCO)
             and Beijing Baoxuan (as the registered owner); and

       (c)   in respect of Shanghai Tao Piao Piao, the I-Structured Contracts were entered into among
             Hangzhou Tao Piao Piao (as the Company’s subsidiary, i.e. one of the I-WFOEs), Shanghai Tao
             Piao Piao (as the I-OPCO) and Beijing Baoxuan Yingcheng (as the registered owner).

       Each of the above sets of I-Contractual Arrangements includes substantially similar terms and the
       terms of the I-Contractual Arrangements are substantially consistent with the Previous Contractual
       Arrangements without substantive variation. A brief summary of the major terms is set out below:

       (1)   I-Exclusive Service Agreements

             Pursuant to the I-Exclusive Service Agreements, the relevant I-OPCO has agreed to engage
             the relevant I-WFOE as its exclusive provider of, among other matters, technical support and
             consultancy services requested by the relevant I-OPCO from time to time to the extent permitted
             under applicable PRC laws in exchange for service fees. The service fees are fixed with reference
             to the net profit of the relevant I-OPCO. In respect of certain specific technical services requested
             by the relevant I-OPCO, the relevant I-OPCO shall pay the relevant I-WFOE a service fee as
             quoted by the relevant I-WFOE taking into account the nature and workload of such services.
             The relevant I-WFOE may adjust the amount of service fees with reference to the actual services
             provided and the actual business operations of the relevant I-OPCO. The relevant I-OPCO shall
             not oppose to such adjustment unless with reasonable grounds.

             Unless otherwise prescribed under the PRC laws and regulations, the relevant I-WFOE shall have
             exclusive proprietary rights to any intellectual property (including but not limited to copyright,
             patent, technical secret and trade secret) in the work product developed by the relevant I-WFOE
             or the relevant I-OPCO in the course of the provision of services under the relevant I-Exclusive
             Service Agreement.

             Each of the I-Exclusive Service Agreement has a term of 20 years and will be automatically
             renewed for successive one-year term upon expiry unless otherwise notified by the relevant
             Subsidiary. The relevant I-Exclusive Service Agreement shall be terminated prior to expiration in
             the event that the business period of either the relevant I-WFOE or the relevant I-OPCO expires.
     2023/24 年度報告
80   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

            Summary of the major terms of the I-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            (2)   I-Loan Agreements

                  Pursuant to the I-Loan Agreements, the relevant I-WFOE agreed to provide interest-free loans to
                  Beijing Baoxuan as capital contribution to the relevant I-OPCO or for other purposes as agreed
                  by the relevant I-WFOE. Beijing Baoxuan, in return for the provision of loans, agreed to enter into
                  an Equity Interest Pledge Agreement with the relevant I-WFOE to pledge all of its equity interest
                  in the relevant I-OPCO as security.

                  The term of each loan under the relevant I-Loan Agreement is 20 years from the signing date,
                  or for a period until expiration of the business period of the relevant I-WFOE or the relevant
                  I-OPCO, whichever is earlier. Beijing Baoxuan shall repay the loan upon expiration of the term.
                  In that circumstance, unless otherwise prohibited by the applicable laws and regulations, the
                  relevant subsidiary or its designee is entitled to acquire the entire equity interest held by Beijing
                  Baoxuan in the relevant I-OPCO for a consideration which is equal to the loan amount. Beijing
                  Baoxuan shall waive any pre-emptive rights upon transfer of equity interest in the relevant
                  I-OPCO to the relevant I-WFOE. Any tax arising from the loan shall be borne by the relevant
                  I-WFOE.

            (3)   I-Equity Interest Pledge Agreements

                  Pursuant to the I-Equity Interest Pledge Agreements, Beijing Baoxuan agreed to pledge all of its
                  respective equity interests in the relevant I-OPCO to the relevant I-WFOE, as a security interest
                  to guarantee the performance of contractual obligations and the payment of outstanding loans
                  of Beijing Baoxuan. Unless due to the intentional misconduct or gross negligence of the relevant
                  I-WFOE, the relevant I-WFOE shall not be liable for any decrease in value of the pledged interest,
                  and Beijing Baoxuan shall not have any right to claim against the relevant I-WFOE as a result of
                  such decrease in value. However, in the event that the decrease in value of the pledged interest
                  may jeopardize rights of the relevant I-WFOE, or upon occurrence of default, the relevant I-WFOE
                  may auction or sell the pledged interest for and on behalf of Beijing Baoxuan, and allocate the
                  proceeds received for loan repayment or deposit such proceeds to the relevant I-WFOE’s local
                  Notary Office.

                  The pledge in respect of an I-OPCO takes effect upon completion of registration with the
                  competent authority, and shall remain valid until all the contractual obligations of Beijing
                  Baoxuan and the relevant I-OPCO under the relevant Structured Contracts have been fully
                  performed and that all outstanding loans have been fully repaid. During the period of the
                  pledge, without the prior written consent of the relevant I-WFOE, Beijing Baoxuan shall not
                  create or agree to create any new pledge or other security on the equity interests of the relevant
                  I-OPCO, nor assign or transfer any of the equity interests in the relevant I-OPCO.
                                                                                        2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT             81
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

       Summary of the major terms of the I-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       (4)   I-Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights

             Pursuant to the I-Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights, Beijing Baoxuan irrevocably
             appointed designee(s) of the I-WFOE who are PRC nationals, to act as its attorney on its behalf
             to exercise all rights in connection with matters concerning its right as shareholder of the
             relevant I-OPCO, including but not limited to:

             (a)   attending the shareholders’ meeting of the relevant I-OPCO as representative(s) of Beijing
                   Baoxuan;

             (b)   exercising shareholders’ voting rights on issues in respect of appointment of directors and
                   senior management, disposal of assets and liquidation, etc.;

             (c)   signing meeting minutes and resolutions;

             (d)   signing relevant documents when Beijing Baoxuan sells or transfers all or part of its equity
                   interest pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreements;

             (e)   signing all necessary documents when the relevant subsidiary exercises its rights under the
                   relevant I-Equity Interest Pledge Agreement;

             (f)   approving filing documents with the relevant competent authorities; and

             (g)   other matters decided or executed by the shareholders pursuant to the relevant
                   constitutional documents.

             The I-Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall remain effective for 20 years,
             and will be automatically renewed for consecutive one-year term upon expiry unless otherwise
             notified by the relevant I-WFOE. I-The Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall
             be terminated prior to expiration in the event that the business period of either the relevant
             subsidiary or the relevant I-OPCO expires.
     2023/24 年度報告
82   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

            Summary of the major terms of the I-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            (5)   I-Exclusive Option Agreements

                  Pursuant to the I-Exclusive Option Agreements, Beijing Baoxuan agreed to irrevocably,
                  unconditionally and exclusively grant an exclusive option to the relevant I-WFOE, so that the
                  relevant I-WFOE may elect to purchase, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or
                  any part of the equity interests in, and/or all or any of the assets of, the relevant I-OPCO from
                  Beijing Baoxuan by themselves or through their designee(s). In the event that any of the options
                  is exercised by the relevant I-WFOE, the transfer price of the relevant equity interests and assets
                  shall correspond to the registered capital amount and the net asset value, respectively, or the
                  legal minimum price under the then applicable PRC laws (as the case may be). Subject to the
                  applicable PRC laws, Beijing Baoxuan shall transfer all the consideration it receives in relation
                  to such transfer of equity interests in and assets of the relevant I-OPCO to the relevant I-WFOE
                  after receiving such consideration, after deduction of applicable taxes and government fees and
                  repayment of any outstanding debt pursuant to the Loan Agreements.

                  Pursuant to the I-Exclusive Option Agreements, without the prior written consent of the relevant
                  I-WFOE, Beijing Baoxuan shall not sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose of in any manner any assets
                  of the relevant I-OPCO (except in the ordinary course of business), or legal or beneficial interest
                  in the business or revenues of the relevant I-OPCO, or allow the creation of any security interest
                  thereon.

                  The I-Exclusive Option Agreements shall remain effective from the execution date and terminate
                  when the equity interests in and assets of the relevant I-OPCO have been legally transferred
                  to the relevant I-WFOE or its designee in accordance with the terms of the relevant I-Exclusive
                  Option Agreement.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT              83
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

       Revenue and assets subject to the I-Contractual Arrangements

       During the Reporting Period, the Group expanded the scale of investments and business operated under
       the I-OPCOs, and revenues generated from and assets held through the I-OPCOs had begun to form a
       material portion of the Group’s total revenue and assets. The following table sets out (i) revenue and (ii)
       assets involving the I-OPCOs which are consolidated into the Group’s financial statements pursuant to
       the I-Structured Contracts:

                                                               Revenue (RMB’000)
                                                                (proportionate %              Assets (RMB’000)
                                                                     to the Group)           (proportionate %
                                                               For the year ended                to the Group)
                                                                   March 31, 2024         As at March 31, 2024

       Zhonglian Jinghua                                        1,921,630 (38.16%)           4,796,676 (22.35%)
       Beijing Ali Tao                                          1,445,600 (28.71%)           4,227,913 (19.70%)
       Shanghai Tao Piao Piao                                       17,505 (0.35%)               54,904 (0.26%)

       Reasons for using the I-Contractual Arrangements

       As disclosed above, as the applicable PRC laws and regulations as detailed below in force restrict
       foreign investment in the I-Restricted Businesses which are fundamental to the Group’s business, the
       Group has participated in the I-Restricted Businesses through the I-Contractual Arrangements.

       According to the Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment
       (外商投資准入特別管理措施(負面清單)), Regulations relating to the Management of Foreign-Invested
       Telecommunications Enterprises (外商投資電信企業管理規定) and other applicable laws and regulations
       in the PRC (the “PRC Regulations”), in order to engage in the I-Restricted Businesses, a company is
       required to obtain permit to distribute movies (電影發行經營許可證), permit to produce and distribute
       radio or television programs (廣播電視節目製作經營許可證), EDI permit relating to online data and
       transaction processing for online movie and live events ticketing platforms (增值電信業務經營許可證)
       and ICP permit relating to internet information services for distributing information about investment
       in movies, television programs and entertainment business (增值電信業務經營許可證) and, subject
       to certain limited exceptions, foreign investors are prohibited from holding equity interest in any
       companies that engage in the I-Restricted Businesses. Due to such legal restriction on foreign ownership
       and investment in the I-Restricted Businesses, the Company, decided that, in line with common practice
       in industries in the PRC subject to foreign investment restrictions, the Company would obtain effective
       control over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses operated by the
       I-OPCOs through the I-Contractual Arrangements. In the opinion of the Company’s PRC legal advisers,
       the I-Contractual Arrangements do not violate applicable PRC laws and regulations.
     2023/24 年度報告
84   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

            Risks associated with the I-Contractual Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to
            mitigate the risks

            The Company’s PRC legal advisers had advised us that while the I-Contractual Arrangements do not
            violate the applicable PRC laws and regulations, there are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and
            application of the applicable PRC laws, rules, and regulations. As such, the Group believes the following
            risks are associated with the I-Contractual Arrangements:

            •      if the PRC government finds that the I-Contractual Arrangements that allow the Company to
                   consolidate the results of operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the I-OPCOs which
                   operate the I-Restricted Businesses do not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, the
                   Company could be subject to penalties and its business may be materially and adversely affected;

            •      certain terms of the I-Contractual Arrangements may not be enforceable under PRC laws;

            •      the I-Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over the I-OPCOs as
                   equity ownership;

            •      any failure by the I-OPCOs or the I-Registered Owner to perform their obligations under the
                   Contractual Arrangements would potentially lead to the Company having to incur additional
                   costs and expend material resources to enforce such arrangements, and/or temporary or
                   permanent loss of control over the I-Restricted Businesses and the revenue from these
                   businesses;

            •      the I-Registered Owner may have potential conflicts of interest with the Group, which may
                   materially and adversely affect the Group’s business and financial condition;

            •      the I-Contractual Arrangements may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and they
                   may determine that the Company or the I-OPCOs owe additional taxes, which could negatively
                   affect the Group’s financial condition and the value of the Shareholders’ investment;

            •      if any of the I-WFOEs or I-OPCOs becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or liquidation proceeding,
                   the Group may lose the ability to use and enjoy certain important assets, which could materially
                   and adversely affect its business;

            •      the Company’s exercise of the option to acquire the equity interests of the I-OPCOs may be
                   subject to certain limitations and the ownership transfer may incur substantial costs;

            •      the Company does not have any insurance which covers the risks relating to the I-Contractual
                   Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder; and

            •      the Group’s current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the Foreign
                   Investment Law of the PRC.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT           85
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

       Risks associated with the I-Contractual Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to
       mitigate the risks (Continued)

       The Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective internal control and operation
       of the Group with the implementation of the I-Contractual Arrangements and the compliance with the
       Contractual Arrangements:

       (i)     major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the I-Contractual
               Arrangements or any regulatory enquiries from government authorities will be submitted to the
               Board, if necessary, for review and discussion on an occurrence basis;

       (ii)    the Board will review the overall performance of and compliance with the I-Contractual
               Arrangements at least once a year;

       (iii)   the Company will disclose the overall performance of and compliance with the I-Contractual
               Arrangements in its annual reports; and

       (iv)    the Company will engage external legal advisers or other professional advisers, if necessary, to
               assist the Board to review the implementation of the I-Contractual Arrangements, review the
               legal compliance of the I-WFOEs and the I-OPCOs to deal with specific issues or matters arising
               from the I-Contractual Arrangements.

       Material changes in the foreign ownership restriction requirements

       The I-Contractual Arrangements have been put in place purely to allow the Group to comply with the
       foreign ownership restrictions under the PRC Regulations. Save as disclosed, during the Reporting
       Period, there was no other material change in the I-Contractual Arrangements and/or the circumstances
       under which they were adopted, and none of the I-Contractual Arrangements had been unwound as
       the regulatory restrictions that led to their adoptions were not removed.

       Listing Rules Implications

       Upon a recent review by Alibaba Group of its overall VIE profile, the Company was informed that
       there has been an additional layer of contractual arrangements among the Five Individuals, the PRC
       GP, the PRC LPs and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Group, pursuant to which AGH obtains
       effective control over, and receives all the economic benefits of Beijing Baoxuan (the “Additional VIE
       Arrangement”). Accordingly, Beijing Baoxuan is consolidated into the financial statements of Alibaba
       Group under the Additional VIE Arrangement for accounting treatment purposes.
     2023/24 年度報告
86   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

            Listing Rules Implications (Continued)

            As such, Beijing Baoxuan, being an associate of AGH (which in turn is the ultimate controlling
            shareholder and a connected person of the Company), was or is, as the case may be, a connected
            person of the Company as at the date when the I-Contractual Arrangements were entered into and as
            at the date of this report. Therefore, the continuing transactions under the I-Contractual Arrangements
            should constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
            Rules.

            The Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) are of the view that it is inappropriate
            for the Company to (i) set an annual cap for the transactions under the I-Contractual Arrangements
            under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules, and (ii) limit the term of the I-Contractual Arrangements to
            three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules with the following grounds:

            (i)     the Previous Contractual Arrangements has been in place since in or around mid-2016 and
                    that the Contractual Arrangements have terms substantially consistent to those of the Previous
                    Contractual Arrangements, and that all necessary factual information about the Contractual
                    Arrangements have been disclosed in the annual reports of the Company;

            (ii)    the I-Contractual Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder are fundamental
                    to the Group’s legal structure and business operations as the adoption of the I-Contractual
                    Arrangements enables the Group to continue, through the I-WFOEs, to maintain effective control
                    over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses operated by the I-OPCOs,
                    which in turn operate the I-Restricted Businesses;

            (iii)   the I-Contractual Arrangements are for fixed terms and for a fixed period, and are entered into
                    for the benefit of the Group, and unlike typical connected transactions, since the I-Registered
                    Owner acts as shareholder of the I-OPCOs to facilitate the arrangements whereby economic
                    benefits from the I-OPCOs are transferred to the Company, there is no concern of leakage
                    of economic benefits to connected persons to the detriment of minority shareholders of the
                    Company under the I-Contractual Arrangements;

            (iv)    the Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors), consider that the I-Contractual
                    Arrangements are on normal commercial terms or on terms more favourable to the Group, in
                    the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and are fair and reasonable or to the
                    advantage of the Group and are in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a
                    whole; and

            (v)     the Company believes that it will not be in the interest of the Company and the Shareholders
                    to set any annual cap on the amounts of fees payable to the Company under the I-Contractual
                    Arrangements.
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT            87
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       I. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Restructuring (Continued)

       Listing Rules Implications (Continued)

       Pursuant to Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, the Group has obtained the opinion from an independent
       financial adviser, pursuant to which the independent financial adviser considers that in relation to the
       I-Contractual Arrangements, (i) the continuing connected transactions in respect of the Contractual
       Arrangements have been entered into in the Group’s ordinary and usual course of business on normal
       commercial terms, on terms that are fair and reasonable, and in the interest of the Company and
       the Shareholders as a whole; (ii) a term of longer than three years is required for the I-Contractual
       Arrangements; and (iii) it is normal business practice for the I-Contractual Arrangements to be of such
       duration exceeding three years. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
       June 30, 2023.

       Based on the above, the I-Contractual Arrangements shall continue to be in place for so long as the
       shares of the Company are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange subject to the following internal
       measures to safeguard the I-Contractual Arrangements:

       (i)     no change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;

       (ii)    no change without independent Shareholders’ approval;

       (iii)   the I-Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable our Group to receive the economic
               benefits derived by the I-OPCOs; and

       (iv)    the Group will disclose details relating to the I-Contractual Arrangements on an ongoing basis.

       Confirmation from the independent non-executive Directors

       The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the I-Contractual Arrangements and confirmed
       that:

       (i)     the transactions carried out during the Reporting Period have been entered into in accordance
               with the relevant provisions of the I-Contractual Arrangements;

       (ii)    no dividends or other distributions have been made by the I-OPCOs to Beijing Baoxuan which are
               not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group during the Reporting Period;
               and

       (iii)   any contracts renewed between the Group and the I-OPCOs during the Reporting Period are fair
               and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far as the Group is concerned and in
               the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.
     2023/24 年度報告
88   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition

            Overview

            As mentioned in the paragraph headed “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS — Connected Transactions”
            above, the Company acquired the entire issued share capital of Pony Media on November 30, 2023.
            Following closing of the Acquisition, the Company holds the entire issued share capital of the Pony
            Media.

            On August 28, 2023, (i) a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pony Media, 北京紅馬科技有限公司 (Beijing Pony
            Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Damai WFOE”), (ii) Beijing Damai, (iii) 青島金麥網絡科技有限公司 (Qingdao
            Jinmai Network Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Jinmai Technology”) and (iv) 北京大麥文化傳播有限公司
            (Beijing Damai Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.*) (“Damai Communication”) (Beijing Damai, Jimai
            Technology and Damai Communications are collectively, the “II-OPCOs”), and (v) Alibaba Culture (the
            “II-Registered Owner”) entered into new contractual arrangements (the “II-Contractual Arrangement”)
            to enable the financial results, the entire economic benefits and risks of the businesses of the II-OPCOs
            to flow into the Group through Damai WFOE and enable the Group through Damai WFOE to gain
            control over the II-OPCOs.

            Particulars of the II-OPCOs and their II-Registered Owner

            As at March 31, 2024, particulars of the II-OPCOs and their respective II-Registered Owner are as
            follows:

            Name of II-OPCO      II-Registered Owner          Registered Capital   Principal Activities

            Beijing Damai        Alibaba Culture              RMB30,000,000        Entertainment businesses which
                                                                                     involves the production,
                                                                                     distribution and streaming of
                                                                                     online programme and online
                                                                                     performance, operation of mobile
                                                                                     apps and production and operation
                                                                                     activities of radio and television
                                                                                     programs. The business operation
                                                                                     of Beijing Damai involves its ICP
                                                                                     License, Internet Cultural Business
                                                                                     License and Radio and Television
                                                                                     Program Production License.
                                                                                     2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT               89
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

       Particulars of the II-OPCOs and their II-Registered Owner (Continued)


       Name of II-OPCO     II-Registered Owner      Registered Capital   Principal Activities

       Jinmai Technology   Alibaba Culture          RMB3,000,000         Operation of mobile apps and a
                                                                          provision of internet information
                                                                          service, which falls within
                                                                          the scope of “value-added
                                                                          telecommunication service” under
                                                                          the telecommunications regulations
                                                                          of the PRC, and are therefore
                                                                          considered “restricted”, and the
                                                                          operation of which necessitates an
                                                                          ICP License being obtained. Jinmai
                                                                          Technology holds an ICP License.

       Damai               Alibaba Culture          RMB1,000,000         Production of a rich array of offline
         Communication                                                     entertainment performances,
                                                                           ranging from staged plays,
                                                                           musicals, comedies to dramas, in
                                                                           theatres. While the conducting of
                                                                           offline entertainment theater
                                                                           shows does not strictly require
                                                                           specific foreign restricted/
                                                                           prohibited license, the Group
                                                                           intends to strengthen the business
                                                                           of Damai Communication to
                                                                           include in-house production and
                                                                           performance crew.
     2023/24 年度報告
90   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

            Particulars of the II-OPCOs and their II-Registered Owner (Continued)

            The following table sets out the subsidiaries of Beijing Damai as at March 31, 2024:

            Name of Subsidiary                  Holding Company             Ownership     Principal Activities

            Chengdu Kangsente Culture Media     Beijing Damai               100%          Commercial performance
              Co., Ltd.*
              (成都康森特文化傳媒有限公司)

            Shanghai Baiqiang Culture           Beijing Damai               100%          Application software
              Communication Co., Ltd.*                                                      services
              (上海百強文化傳播有限公司)

            Chengdu Maizuo Technology           Beijing Damai               100%          Software development,
              Co., Ltd.*                                                                    application software
              (成都麥座科技有限公司)                                                                  services
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT            91
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

       Summary of the major terms of the II-Contractual Arrangements

       As at March 31, 2024, Damai WFOE, the II-OPCOs and the II-Registered Owner (as the case may be)
       entered into the following structure contracts on August 28, 2023 (the “II-Structured Contracts”).
       Pursuant to the II-Structured Contracts, Damai WFOE is able to control the finance and operation of
       the II-OPCOs so as to obtain the economic interest and benefits from its business activities despite the
       lack of registered equity ownership. In addition, the Company, through the II-Structured Contracts, has
       effective control over the financing and operations of the II-OPCOs, and enjoy the economic interest
       and benefits of the II-OPCOs. Principal terms of each of the II-Structured Contracts are set out as
       follows:

       (1)   II-Exclusive Service Agreements

             Parties:      (a)     Damai WFOE; and

                           (b)     the II-OPCOs

             Each of the II-OPCOs and Damai WFOE entered into an exclusive service agreement (the “II-
             Exclusive Service Agreement(s)”)with the following terms:

             Term:         The term of the II-Exclusive Service Agreement is 20 years and will be automatically
                           renewed for successive one-year term upon expiry unless otherwise notified by
                           Damai WFOE. The relevant II-Exclusive Service Agreement shall be terminated
                           in the event that (i) the business period stipulated in the corporate legal person
                           business licence of either Damai WFOE or the relevant II-OPCO expires; or (ii) upon
                           the event that it becomes permitted under PRC laws for Damai WFOE to directly
                           hold the equity interest in the II-OPCOs, and Damai WFOE or its designated entity
                           has obtained all the equity interest in the II-OPCOs.
     2023/24 年度報告
92   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

            Summary of the major terms of the II-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            (1)   II-Exclusive Service Agreements (Continued)

                  Subject:     Each of the II-OPCOs has agreed to engage Damai WFOE as its exclusive service
                               provider to the extent permitted under applicable PRC laws in exchange for service
                               fees. The scope of service includes but not limited to (i) the permission of usage
                               of relevant software legally owned by Damai WFOE; (ii) the provision of economic
                               information, computer technology, business and management consultation and
                               advice; (iii) the provision of business planning, designs, and marketing plans; (iv)
                               the supply of hardware equipment and database/software resources and regular
                               customer resources management, maintenance and updates; (v) the provision
                               of comprehensive operation and solutions in respect of information technology/
                               business management as required by the business; (vi) the provision of relevant
                               application software on perspectives appropriate to development, maintenance
                               and update of relevant application software as required by the business; (vii) the
                               provision of staff training, support and assistance on relevant business; and (viii)
                               the provision of other relevant services requested by the II-OPCOs. Each of the
                               II-OPCOs may appoint designated third parties to perform part of or all of its
                               obligations under the II-Exclusive Service Agreement. Pursuant to each II-Exclusive
                               Service Agreement, the relevant II-OPCO shall pay to Damai WFOE a service fee,
                               after each calendar year for the services provided in the preceding year. Each of
                               the relevant II-OPCO shall from time to time pay extra service fee for additional
                               services provided by Damai WFOE upon request of the II-OPCOs. Damai WFOE
                               may adjust the amount of service fees of each of the II-OPCOs under the premise
                               of not violating the laws and regulations. The II-OPCOs shall not oppose to such
                               adjustment unless with reasonable grounds.
                                                                                        2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT              93
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

       Summary of the major terms of the II-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       (1)   II-Exclusive Service Agreements (Continued)

                          Unless otherwise prescribed under the PRC laws and regulations, Damai WFOE
                          shall have exclusive proprietary rights to intellectual property (including but
                          not limited to copyright, patent, technical secret and trade secret) in the work
                          outcomes jointly developed by Damai WFOE and the II-OPCOs or related to the
                          business of II-OPCOs that is entrusted by Damai WFOE. For intellectual property
                          in the work outcomes developed by the II-OPCOs independently, the proprietary
                          right of the intellectual property shall be solely owned by the II-OPCOs under
                          the conditions that (i) the II-OPCOs inform Damai WFOE of the details of such
                          intellectual property rights in a timely manner and provide relevant information
                          reasonably requested by Damai WFOE, (ii) Damai WFOE shall enjoy the right of first
                          refusal or preferential exclusive usage right when the II-OPCOs intend to transfer
                          or permit to use its proprietary right and (iii) Damai WFOE is entitled to acquire all
                          the intellectual property rights of the II-OPCOs that are related to the II-Restricted
                          Business.

                          Each of Damai WFOE and the II-OPCOs shall complete the approval and
                          registration procedures for extending the business period within three months
                          before the expiration of their respective business periods for the continuation of
                          the validity period of the II-Exclusive Service Agreement.

       (2)   II-Loan Agreements

             Parties:     (a)     Damai WFOE, as lender; and

                          (b)     the II-Registered Owner, as borrower

             Damai WFOE and the II-Registered Owner entered into a loan agreement (the “II-Loan
             Agreement(s)”) in relation to each of the II-OPCOs with the following terms:

             Principal:   Damai WFOE shall provide an one-off loan, at the interest rate per annum of the
                          Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate, a daily reference rate published by the National
                          Interbank Funding Center (“SHIBOR”), in an aggregate amount of RMB34.0 million
                          to the II-Registered Owner for operation purpose as approved by Damai WFOE.
                          The II-Registered Owner is forbidden to use part of or all of the loan for any other
                          purposes without the prior consent from Damai WFOE.
     2023/24 年度報告
94   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

            Summary of the major terms of the II-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            (2)   II-Loan Agreements (Continued)

                  Term:        Upon the execution of the II-Loan Agreement, the term of each loan under the II-
                               Loan Agreement is 20 years from the signing date, or for a period until expiration
                               of the business period of Damai WFOE or the respective II-OPCOs, whichever is
                               earlier. During the term of the loan, Damai WFOE may, at its absolute discretion,
                               decide to accelerate the maturity of the loan at any time, and issue a repayment
                               notice to the II-Registered Owner 10 days in advance to require the II-Registered
                               Owner to repay part or all of the outstanding amount in accordance with the terms
                               of the II-Loan Agreements.

                               The II-Registered Owner shall repay the loan upon expiration of the term of
                               each loan unless otherwise agreed by both parties. In that circumstance, unless
                               otherwise prohibited by the applicable laws and regulations, Damai WFOE or its
                               designee is entitled to exercise the share options under the II-Exclusive Option
                               Agreements (as defined below) to acquire the entire equity interest held by the
                               II-Registered Owner in the II-OPCOs for a consideration which is equal to the loan
                               amount. The II-Registered Owner shall waive any pre-emptive rights upon transfer
                               of equity interest in the respective OPCO to Damai WFOE. Any tax arising from
                               the loan shall be borne by each of Damai WFOE and the II-Registered Owner in
                               accordance with applicable law.

            (3)   II-Equity Interest Pledge Agreements

                  Parties:     (a)     The II-Registered Owner, as pledger;

                               (b)     Damai WFOE, as pledgee; and

                               (c)     the II-OPCOs

                  Each of the II-Registered Owner, Damai WFOE and the II-OPCOs entered into an equity interest
                  pledge agreement (the “II-Equity Interest Pledge Agreement(s)”) with the following terms:
                                                                                        2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT           95
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

       Summary of the major terms of the II-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       (3)   II-Equity Interest Pledge Agreements (Continued)

             Term:        Effective upon execution of the II-Equity Interest Pledge Agreements and shall
                          remain valid until all the contractual obligations between the II-Registered Owner,
                          Damai WFOE and the II-OPCOs under the II-Equity Interest Pledge Agreements
                          have been fully discharged or that all outstanding loans have been fully repaid
                          (whichever is later).

             Subject:     The II-Registered Owner agrees to pledge all of its shares in the II-OPCOs to
                          Damai WFOE as a security interest to guarantee the performance of contractual
                          obligations and the payment of outstanding loans of the II-Registered Owner.

                          During the period of pledge, without the prior written consent of Damai WFOE,
                          the II-Registered Owner shall not create or agree to create any new pledge or other
                          security on the equity interests of the II-OPCOs, nor assign or transfer any of the
                          equity interests in the II-OPCOs.

                          Unless due to the intentional misconduct or gross negligence of Damai WFOE,
                          Damai WFOE shall not be liable for any decrease in value of the pledged interest,
                          and the II-Registered Owner shall not have any right to claim against Damai WFOE
                          as a result of such decrease in value. However, in the event that the decrease
                          in value of the pledged interest may jeopardise rights of Damai WFOE, or upon
                          occurrence of default, Damai WFOE may auction or sell the pledged interest for
                          and on behalf of the II-Registered Owner, and allocate the proceeds received for
                          loan repayment or deposit such proceeds to Damai WFOE’s local Notary Office.

       (4)   II-Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights

             Parties:      (a)    the II-Registered Owner;

                          (b)     Damai WFOE; and

                          (c)     the II-OPCOs

             Each of the II-OPCOs, the II-Registered Owner, and Damai WFOE entered into a power of
             attorney on shareholders’ voting rights (“II- Power(s) of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting
             Rights”) with the following terms:
     2023/24 年度報告
96   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

            Summary of the major terms of the II-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            (4)   II-Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights (Continued)

                  Term:        The II-Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall remain effective
                               for 20 years, and will be automatically renewed for consecutive one-year term
                               upon expiry unless otherwise notified by Damai WFOE. The II-Powers of Attorney
                               on Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall be terminated prior to expiration in the event
                               that the business period of either Damai WFOE or the relevant OPCO expires.

                  Subject:     The II-Registered Owner irrevocably appointed designee(s) (including a liquidator
                               replacing its directors) of Damai WFOE who are PRC nationals, to act as its attorney
                               on its behalf to exercise all rights in connection with matters concerning its rights
                               as shareholder of the relevant II-OPCOs, including but not limited to:

                               (a)    propose to convene and attend shareholder’s meeting under the Bye-laws
                                      as representative(s) of the II-Registered Owner;

                               (b)    representing the II-Registered Owner in the exercise of voting right and
                                      decision right on all matters requiring the decisions of shareholders,
                                      including but not limited to the appointment of directors and senior
                                      management;

                               (c)    voting as shareholders as contemplated under the articles of association of
                                      the company; and

                               (d)    signing relevant equity transfer agreements, asset transfer agreements (if
                                      applicable), capital reduction agreements, capital increase agreements,
                                      shareholder decisions and other relevant documents on behalf of existing
                                      shareholders, and handling relevant government approvals, registrations
                                      and filings as required for the transfers, capital reductions, and capital
                                      increases.
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT             97
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

       Summary of the major terms of the II-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       (5)   II-Exclusive Option Agreements

             Parties:      (a)     the II-Registered Owner;

                           (b)     Damai WFOE; and

                           (c)     the II-OPCOs

             Each of the II-Registered Owner, Damai WFOE and the II-OPCOs entered into an exclusive option
             agreement (the “II-Exclusive Option Agreement(s)”) with the following terms:

             Term:         The II-Exclusive Option Agreement shall be effective from the execution date and
                           terminate when all the equity interests in and assets of the relevant II-OPCOs have
                           been legally transferred to Damai WFOE or its designee in accordance with the
                           terms of the II-Exclusive Option Agreement.

             Each of the II-Registered Owner and the II-OPCOs irrevocably and unconditionally grants, to
             Damai WFOE or any individuals/entities designated by Damai WFOE, the options and asset
             purchase options to purchase (at any time, in one or more times), to the extent permitted under
             relevant PRC Laws, all or part of the shares and/or assets in the II-OPCOs. Upon the exercise
             of options, the transfer price shall be the corresponding paid-in capital contribution or the
             permissible minimum under the applicable PRC laws, whichever is higher. Upon the exercise of
             asset purchase options, the transfer price shall be the net carrying amount of the relevant asset,
             or the permissible minimum under the applicable PRC laws, whichever is higher.

             Each of the II-Registered Owner and the II-OPCOs irrevocably and unconditionally grants, to
             Damai WFOE or any individuals/entities designated by Damai WFOE, the capital increase option,
             which carries the right to request the Company for capital decrease at any time and to purchase
             capital increase equity from the II-IPCOs as permitted under the relevant PRC laws. The capital
             decrease price shall be the reduced paid-in amount of the registered capital of the II-OPCOs
             or the permissible minimum under the PRC laws, whichever is higher; the purchase price for
             purchase of capital increase equity shall be the capital decrease price paid by the II-OPCOs to II-
             Registered Owner and the unpaid registered capital, if any.

             The II-Registered Owner shall be prohibited from selling, offering to sell, transferring, donating,
             pledging or otherwise disposing of all or part of their equity interests in the II-OPCOs, or
             granting others a right to purchase such equity interests, without the prior written consent from
             Damai WFOE.
     2023/24 年度報告
98   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

            Summary of the major terms of the II-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            (5)   II-Exclusive Option Agreements (Continued)

                  Each of the II-OPCOs shall be prohibited from selling, offering to sell, transferring, donating,
                  pledging or otherwise disposing of all or part of its assets, or granting others a right to purchase
                  such assets, without the prior written consent from Damai WFOE.

                  Without the prior written consent of Damai WFOE, the II-Registered Owner shall not sell,
                  transfer, mortgage or dispose of in any manner any assets of the relevant II-OPCOs (except in
                  the ordinary course of business), or legal or beneficial interest in the business or revenues of the
                  relevant II-OPCOs, or allow the creation of any security interest thereon.

                  The II-Registered Owner shall, and the II-Registered Owner has undertaken to, return any
                  income, profit distribution, dividends and bonus they received from the II-OPCOs to Damai WFOE
                  or the person(s) as designated by Damai WFOE.

            Revenue and assets subject to the II-Contractual Arrangements

            As at March 31, 2024, the revenue and assets involving the II-OPCOs which have been consolidated
            into the Group’s financial statements since December 1, 2023 pursuant to the II-Structured Contracts
            are set out below:

                                                                    Revenue (RMB’000)
                                                                      (proportionate %
                                                                          to the Group)            Assets (RMB’000)
                                                                    For the Period from           (proportionate %
                                                                      December 1, 2023                to the Group)
                                                                     to March 31, 2024         As at March 31, 2024

            Beijing Damai                                               318,812 (6.33)%          3,266,191 (15.22)%
            Jinmai Technology                                            67,536 (1.34)%              47,803 (0.22)%
            Damai Communication                                                   – (0)%              1,483 (0.01)%
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT            99
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

       Reasons for using the II-Contractual Arrangements

       Foreign investment activities in the PRC are mainly governed by the Catalogue of Industries for
       Encouraging Foreign Investment《鼓勵外商投資產業目錄》(the “Encouraging Catalogue”) and the
       Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment《外商投資准入
       特別管理措施(負面清單)》(the “Negative List”) which were promulgated and amended from time to
       time jointly by The Ministry of Commerce (“MOFCOM”) and the National Development and Reform
       Commission (“NDRC”), the Foreign Investment Law and their respective implementation rules and
       subsidiary regulations. The Negative List and the Encouraging Catalogue divide industries into four
       categories in terms of foreign investment, namely, “encouraged”, “restricted”, “prohibited” and
       “permitted” (the last category of which includes all industries not listed under the “encouraged”,
       “restricted” and “prohibited” categories).

       The principal business of the II-OPCOs includes (i) the production, distribution and streaming of online
       programme and online performance; and (ii) the provision of ticketing services through the operation of
       the II-OPCOs’ mobile apps (e.g. Damai APP) and websites (the “II-Restricted Businesses”). Certain of the
       II-OPCOs’ businesses are subject to foreign investment restrictions. A value-added telecommunications
       service operating license for internet information services of the PRC (互聯網信息服務的《中華人民共
       和國增值電信業務經營許可證》) (“ICP License”) is required for the provision of internet information
       service, a type of “value-added telecommunication service”; an Internet Cultural Business License is
       required for conducting commercial internet cultural activities; and a Radio and Television Program
       Production License is required for production and operation activities of radio and television programs.
       According to the Negative List, foreign investors are “restricted” from holding more than 50% equity
       interests in any enterprise holding an ICP License and “prohibited” from holding equity interests in any
       enterprise engaging in internet cultural business and radio and television programs production and
       operation activities.

       Beijing Damai

       Beijing Damai engages in the entertainment businesses which involves the production, distribution and
       streaming of online programme and online performance, operation of mobile apps and production and
       operation activities of radio and television programs. The business operation of Beijing Damai involves
       its ICP License, Internet Cultural Business License and Radio and Television Program Production License,
       therefore, Damai WFOE is prohibited in holding equity interests in Beijing Damai.
100 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

            Reasons for using the II-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            Jinmai Technology

            For Jinmai Technology, while general ticketing service business does not strictly fall under the
            “restricted” category, the principal business of Jinmai Technology involves operation of mobile
            apps and a provision of internet information service, which falls within the scope of “value-added
            telecommunication service” under the telecommunications regulations of the PRC, and are therefore
            considered “restricted”, and the operation of which necessitates an ICP License being obtained. Jinmai
            Technology holds an ICP License.

            According to the applicable PRC laws and regulations, foreign investors are not allowed to hold more
            than 50% equity interests in any enterprise conducting such “restricted” business. Based on current
            and future development strategies of Jinmai Technology, the Group intends to promote the sales of
            tickets through the ticketing platforms of Jinmai Technology by production of short videos related to
            the performances. As advised by the PRC legal adviser of the Group, according to the applicable PRC
            laws and regulations, a Radio and Television Program Production License is required for the production
            of such short videos for promoting the sales of tickets through the ticketing platforms of Jinmai
            Technology and that according to the Negative List, foreign investors are “prohibited” from holding
            equity interests in any enterprise engaging in radio and television programs production and operation
            activities.

            To become eligible to apply for a Radio and Television Program Production License, Jinmai Technology
            shall have certain staff members with radio and television program production related working
            experience or academic background. Jinmai Technology is in the process of preparation of the
            application for its Radio and Television Program Production License with the competent radio and
            television administration. Pony Media and its subsidiaries, including the II-OPCOs (the “Pony Group”)
            are currently arranging internal transfer of professional staff to Jinmai Technology within the Pony
            Group and will initiate open recruitment process in its place of business, i.e. Qingdao City, the PRC in
            the event that the suitable professional staff cannot be arranged. The Directors are of the view that they
            do not foresee material obstacles for the application of the Radio and Television Program Production
            License on the basis that Jinmai Technology is able to fulfill the substantive conditions prescribed under
            the currently effective rules and regulations in all material respects and Jinmai Technology will complete
            the application prior to the commencement of relevant operation. The Company believes that Jinmai
            Technology will subsequently apply for a Radio and Television Program Production License.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT             101
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

       Reasons for using the II-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       Damai Communication

       Damai Communication engages in the production of a rich array of offline entertainment performances,
       ranging from staged plays, musicals, comedies to dramas, in theatres. While the conducting of offline
       entertainment theater shows does not strictly require specific foreign restricted/prohibited license, the
       Group intends to strengthen the business of Damai Communication to include in-house production and
       performance crew. The Group believes that having in-house directors, scriptwriters and performance
       artists will contribute to retaining of such talents, who are scarce resources in the industry and play an
       important role in the production of theater performances of Damai Communication, and is to the best
       interest for the continual development and fulfillment of long-term strategic goals of the Group.

       Damai Communication generally identifies suitable talents through collaborations with external parties
       and liaisons with short-term contract members who have participated in performances of Damai
       Communication. As for the selection criteria for performing artists, performing artists shall graduate
       from theatrical performance major from technical secondary school or above, or are equipped with
       professional title certificate or actor qualification certificate issued by the China Performing Industry
       Association. Currently, Damai Communication is in the course of identifying suitable talents, including
       directors, scriptwriters, gaffers and performing artists, for the establishment of the performing arts
       groups to participate in stage shows written and directed in-house. Damai Communication has recently
       initiated collaboration with external parties including opera houses and cultural troupe organizations to
       host contests and programs to identify suitable talents. Following the rendering of the play and musicals
       from the above contests and programs, Damai Communication will actively assess the suitability of
       talents with potentials to enter into long-term contracts with Damai Communication for its in-house
       performances. Damai Communication is also in preliminary contact with certain artists from its existing
       stage play to explore the possibility for them to join its performing arts groups.
102 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

            Reasons for using the II-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            Damai Communication (Continued)

            Pursuant to the Regulation on the Administration of Commercial Performances (《營業性演出管理條
            例》), the Implementation Rules of the Regulation on the Administration of Commercial Performances
            (《營業性演出管理條例實施細則》) and relevant requirements on applying for the Commercial
            Performance License for cultural performance groups published by local governmental authority
            where Damai Communications is registered, a company is only eligible to apply for the Commercial
            Performance License for cultural performance groups when it (i) is equipped with a group of qualified
            in-house professional performing artists, each obtains a professional graduation certificate from
            performing arts major in a technical secondary school or above or a professional title certificate; (ii)
            has fixed auditorium and equipment suitable for the performance; (iii) engages in a specific type
            of performing arts; and (iv) holds a business license with its business scope containing “artistic
            performance” or “commercial performance” and with suitable equipment. In order to support the
            performing artists for their live stage performance, Damai Communication is also required to recruit
            a group of specific crews, including the script writers, directors, instrument technicians and front of
            house engineers. Damai Communication expects that according to its existing business development
            plan, it targets to fulfill all the above criteria in two years. Damai Communication shall apply to renew
            its Commercial Performance License to cover cultural performance groups before such performing art
            groups are allowed carry out performing art activities. As advised by the PRC legal adviser of the Group,
            according to the applicable PRC laws and regulations, the holding of Commercial performance License
            for cultural performance groups falls under the “prohibited” category. Foreign investors are not allowed
            to hold any equity interests in any enterprise conducting such “prohibited” business. The Directors are
            of the view that, the abovementioned requirements (i) to (iv) as stipulated under relevant PRC laws and
            regulations are feasible for Damai Communication, therefore, there are no material legal impediments
            that would prevent the Company from applying for the Commercial Performance License for cultural
            performance groups. Subject to the fulfillment of prescribed conditions, the Company believes the
            application for the Commercial Performance License for cultural performance groups can be further
            completed after its successful identification and engagement of suitable talents.

            As the applicable PRC laws and regulations in force restrict foreign investment in the above business
            operation of the II-OPCOs, in line with the common practice in the industries which are subject to
            foreign investment restrictions, the Group adopted the II-Contractual Arrangements with respect to the
            II-OPCOs, which had enabled the Group, through Damai WFOE, to obtain effective control over, and
            receive all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses operated by the II-OPCOs, which in turn
            operate the II-Restricted Businesses through itself and its subsidiaries.
                                                                                           2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT             103
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

       Reasons for using the II-Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       Damai Communication (Continued)

       Therefore, the Company is of the view that the Contractual Arrangements have been narrowly
       tailored to achieve its business purpose and minimize the potential conflict with relevant PRC laws and
       regulations.

       The Company agrees that it will make periodic inquiries with relevant PRC authorities to understand any
       new regulatory development and will unwind and terminate the II-Contractual Arrangements wholly or
       partially once the II-Restricted Businesses are no longer restricted from foreign investment to the extend
       permissible under PRC laws or once the Group decides to revise its future plans for Jinmai Technology
       and Damai Communication where their then business operation are permitted to be held by foreign
       investment under PRC laws.

       Disputes Resolutions, Succession and Liquidation Under the II-Structured Contracts

       (a)    Disputes resolutions

              The II-Contractual Arrangements are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the
              PRC laws. Any dispute arising from the II-Contractual Arrangements between the parties should
              first be resolved through negotiation. In case the dispute cannot be resolved, any party may
              submit the said dispute to the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission
              (中國國際經濟貿易仲裁委員會) in accordance with its arbitration rules. The arbitration location
              is to be in Hangzhou. The arbitration tribunal of arbitrators may award any remedies or relief
              measures including temporary and permanent injunctive relief (such as injunctive relief for the
              conduct of business or to compel the transfer of assets) in accordance with the provision of the
              II-Contractual Arrangements and the applicable PRC laws, and the specific performance of any
              obligations under the II-Contractual Arrangements, award remedies over the equity interest
              and the tangible/intangible assets of the II-OPCOs, prohibition of disposal and an order for the
              winding up of the II-OPCOs. The results of the arbitration shall be final and binding. In support
              of the arbitration pending formation of the arbitral tribunal or in appropriate cases, the courts in
              Hong Kong, Bermuda, the PRC and the location where the II-OPCOs’ principal assets are located
              shall have the jurisdiction to grant interim remedies over the assets of the II-OPCOs.
104 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

            Disputes Resolutions, Succession and Liquidation Under the II-Structured Contracts (Continued)

            (b)   Succession

                  The provisions set out in the II-Contractual Arrangements are also binding on the successors
                  of the parties, as if the successors were a signing party to the II-Contractual Arrangements.
                  Although the II-Contractual Arrangements do not specify the identity of successors, under
                  the PRC Civil Code (《中華人民共和國民法典》), the statutory successors include the spouse,
                  children, parents, brothers, sisters, paternal grandparents and the maternal grandparents,
                  and any breach by the successors would be deemed to be a breach of the II-Contractual
                  Arrangements.

            (c)   Liquidation

                  Pursuant to the II-Structured Contracts, in the event of the II-OPCOs’ or II-Registered Owner’s
                  (as the case may be) liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or termination, each of the II-
                  Registered Owner or the II-OPCOs (as the case may be) shall transfer any assets distributed
                  to such II-Registered Owner or the II-OPCOs (as the case may be) to its assignees, successors,
                  heirs, liquidators, bankruptcy administrators or creditors without affecting or hindering the
                  performance of the II-Contractual Arrangements.

            (d)   Unwinding the structure under the II-Contractual Arrangements

                  The Company will unwind the structure created as a result of the II-Contractual Arrangements
                  as soon as the PRC laws allow the II-Restricted Businesses to be operated without such structure,
                  and Damai WFOE may acquire the equity interest in the II-OPCOs held by the II-Registered
                  Owners and/or the assets of the II-OPCOs to the extent as permitted by the then applicable PRC
                  laws. In the event Damai WFOE exercises the right under the II-Exclusive Option Agreements to
                  acquire the equity interest in the II-OPCOs held by the II-Registered Owners and/or the assets
                  of II-OPCOs to unwind the structure under the II-Contractual Arrangements, the II-Registered
                  Owners and the II-OPCOs have undertaken to return to Damai WFOE or its designated entity any
                  consideration received.
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT            105
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

       Loss Sharing

       Under the relevant PRC laws and regulations, none of the Company and Damai WFOE is legally required
       to share the losses of, or provide financial support to, the II-OPCOs. Further, the II-OPCOs are limited
       liability companies and shall be solely liable for their own debts and losses with assets and properties
       owned by them. Nevertheless, Damai WFOE intends to continuously provide to or assist the II-OPCOs
       in obtaining financial support when deemed necessary. In addition, given that the Group conducts a
       substantial portion of its business operations in China through the II-OPCOs, and that their financial
       position and results of operations are consolidated into the Group’s financial statements under the
       applicable accounting principles, the Company’s business, financial position and results of operations
       would be adversely affected if the II-OPCOs suffer losses.

       Conflict of Interests

       The II-Registered Owner has given its irrevocable undertakings in the relevant II-Powers of Attorney on
       Shareholders’ Voting Rights which address potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection
       with the II-Contractual Arrangements. Pursuant to the relevant II-Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’
       Voting Rights, the II-Registered Owner will irrevocably appoint any person as designated by Damai
       WFOE as its representative, who is a PRC national, to act as its attorney on its behalf to exercise
       all rights in connection with matters concerning its rights as shareholder of the relevant II-OPCOs,
       including but not limited to: (a) attending the shareholders’ meeting of the relevant II-OPCOs as
       representative of the II-Registered Owner; (b) exercising shareholders’ voting rights on resolutions at
       shareholders’ meetings, including but not limited to, the designation and appointment of directors
       and other senior management that are subject to appointment by the shareholders; (c) other matters
       decided or executed by the shareholders pursuant to the relevant constitutional documents; and (d)
       signing relevant documents when the II-Registered Owner sells or transfers all or part of its equity
       interests pursuant to the exclusive option agreements. Therefore, it is unlikely that there will be
       potential conflicts of interests between the Company and the II-Registered Owner.
106 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

            Risks associated with the II-Contractual Arrangements and the action taken by the Group to
            mitigate the risks

            The Group believes the following risks are associated with the II-Contractual Arrangements:

            •     if the PRC government finds that the II-Contractual Arrangements that allow the Company to
                  consolidate the results of operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the II-OPCOs which
                  operate the II-Restricted Businesses do not comply with the applicable PRC laws and regulations,
                  the Company could be subject to penalties and its business may be materially and adversely
                  affected;

            •     certain terms of the II-Contractual Arrangements may not be enforceable under PRC laws;

            •     the II-Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over the II-OPCOs
                  as equity ownership;

            •     any failure by the II-OPCOs or the II-Registered Owner to perform their obligations under the
                  II-Contractual Arrangements would potentially lead to the Group having to incur additional costs
                  and expend material resources to enforce such arrangements, and/or temporary or permanent
                  loss of control over the II-Restricted Businesses and the revenue from these businesses;

            •     the II-Registered Owner may have potential conflicts of interest with the Group, which may
                  materially and adversely affect the Group’s business and financial condition;

            •     the II-Contractual Arrangements may subject the Company to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities
                  and may result in a finding that the Company owes additional taxes or is ineligible for tax
                  exemptions, or both, which could substantially increase taxes owed and thereby reduce profit
                  attributable to equity shareholders of the Company;

            •     if any of Damai WFOE or II-OPCOs becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or liquidation
                  proceeding, the Company may lose the ability to use and enjoy certain important assets, which
                  could materially and adversely affect its businesses;

            •     the Company’s exercise of the option to acquire the equity interests of the II-OPCOs may be
                  subject to certain limitations and the ownership transfer may incur substantial costs; and

            •     the Company does not have any insurance which covers the risks relating to the Contractual
                  Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT            107
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

       Risks associated with the II-Contractual Arrangements and the action taken by the Group to
       mitigate the risks (Continued)

       The II-Structured Contracts contain certain provisions in order to exercise effective control over and to
       safeguard the assets of the II-OPCOs. In addition to the internal control measures as provided in the
       II-Structured Contracts, the Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective internal
       control and operation of the Group with the implementation of the II-Contractual Arrangements and
       the compliance with the Contractual Arrangements:

       (a)    major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the II-Contractual
              Arrangements or any regulatory enquiries from government authorities will be submitted to the
              Board, if necessary, for review and discussion on an occurrence basis;

       (b)    the Board will review the overall performance of and compliance with the II-Contractual
              Arrangements at least once a year;

       (c)    the Company will disclose the overall performance of and compliance with the II-Contractual
              Arrangements in its annual reports; and

       (d)    the Company will engage external legal advisers or other professional advisers, if necessary, to
              assist the Board to review the implementation of the II-Contractual Arrangements, review the
              legal compliance of Damai WFOE and the II-OPCOs to deal with specific issues or matters arising
              from the II-Contractual Arrangements.

       Material changes in the foreign ownership restriction requirements

       The II-Contractual Arrangements have been put in place purely to allow the Group to comply
       with the foreign ownership restrictions under the PRC Regulations. Save as disclosed, during the
       Reporting Period, there was no other material change in the II-Contractual Arrangements and/or the
       circumstances under which they were adopted, and none of the II-Contractual Arrangements had been
       unwound as the regulatory restrictions that led to their adoptions were not removed.
108 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

            Listing Rules Implications

            As AGH obtains effective control over, and receives all the economic benefits of the II-Registered Owner
            under other VIE arrangement, the II-Registered Owner is consolidated into the financial statements of
            AGH for accounting treatment purposes. As such, the II-Registered Owner, being an associate of AGH
            (which in turn is the ultimate controlling shareholder and a connected person of the Company), was
            or is, as the case may be, a connected person of the Company. Therefore, the continuing transactions
            under the II-Contractual Arrangements should constitute continuing connected transactions for
            the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and such transactions should be subject to
            all applicable reporting, annual review, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval
            requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

            However, the Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) are of the view that it is
            inappropriate for the Company to (a) set an annual cap for the transactions under the II-Contractual
            Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules; or (b) limit the term of the II-Contractual
            Arrangements to a fixed term under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules on the following grounds:

            (i)     the II-Contractual Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder are fundamental
                    to the Group’s legal structure and business operations as the adoption of the II-Contractual
                    Arrangements enables the Group to continue, through the WFOEs, to maintain effective control
                    over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses operated by the II-
                    OPCOs and operate the II-Restricted Businesses;

            (ii)    the II-Contractual Arrangements are entered into for the benefit of the Group. Unlike typical
                    connected transactions, since the II-Registered Owner acts as shareholder of the II-OPCOs to
                    facilitate the arrangements whereby economic benefits from the II-OPCOs are transferred to
                    the Company, there is no concern of leakage of economic benefits to connected persons to the
                    detriment of minority shareholders of the Company under the II-Contractual Arrangements;

            (iii)   the Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) consider that the II-Contractual
                    Arrangements are on normal commercial terms or on terms more favorable to the Group, in
                    the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and are fair and reasonable or to the
                    advantage of the Group, and are in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a
                    whole;

            (iv)    the II-Contractual Arrangements had been approved by the Independent Shareholders at
                    the general meeting of the Company held on October 31, 2023. As such, the independent
                    Shareholders have been given an opportunity to consider and vote on the II-Contractual
                    Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder; and
                                                                                            2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT             109
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

       Listing Rules Implications (Continued)

       (v)     taking into account (a) the transactions are fundamental to the Group’s legal structure in holding
               the II-OPCOs and the management of the II-Restricted Businesses of the II-OPCOs in the PRC, (ii)
               the transactions contemplated under the II-Contractual Arrangements are on normal commercial
               terms, fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole,
               and (iii) the independent Shareholders has been given a chance to vote on the II-Contractual
               Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder, there is no presumption of undue
               influence that justifies an additional layer of check and balance prescribed by the Listing Rules.
               It is impractical and unduly burdensome and adds to the additional cost and administrative
               burden on the Company to require the Company to comply with the annual cap and a fixed term
               requirements which may be otherwise detrimental to the commercial interest of the Company as
               set out in (i) above.

       The Company has applied for, and the Stock Exchange has granted, a waiver from strict compliance
       with (i) the requirement of setting an annual cap for the transactions under the II-Structured Contracts
       under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules, and (ii) the requirement of fixing a definite term of the II-
       Structured Contracts under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as the shares of the Company
       are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange subject to the following conditions:

       (i)     No change to the II-Contractual Arrangements will be made without the approval of the
               independent non-executive Directors of the Company.

       (ii)    Save as disclosed in paragraph (iv) below, no change to the agreements governing the II-
               Contractual Arrangements will be made without the approval of the Shareholders who are
               not required to abstain from voting in favor of the resolution for approving the proposed
               resolutions under the Listing Rules. Once independent shareholders’ approval of any change has
               been obtained, no further announcement or approval of the independent Shareholders will be
               required under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules unless and until further changes are proposed.
               The periodic reporting requirement regarding the II-Contractual Arrangements in the annual
               reports of the Company will however continue to be applicable.

       (iii)   The II-Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable the Group to receive the economic
               benefits derived by the II-OPCOs and its subsidiaries through (a) the options (if and when so
               allowed under the applicable PRC laws) to acquire, all or part of the entire equity interests in the
               II-OPCOs for nil consideration or the minimum amount of consideration permitted by applicable
               PRC laws and regulations, (b) the business structure under which the profit generated by the
               II-OPCOs and its subsidiaries is substantially retained by the Group, such that no annual cap
               shall be set on the amount of service fees payable to Damai WFOE by the II-OPCOs under the
               II-Contractual Arrangements and (c) the Group’s right to control the management and operation
               of, as well as, in substance, all of the voting rights of the II-OPCOs.
110 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

            Listing Rules Implications (Continued)

            (iv)    On the basis that the II-Contractual Arrangements provide an acceptable framework for the
                    relationship between Damai WFOE and the II-OPCOs, that framework may be renewed and/or
                    reproduced without obtaining the approval of Shareholders.

            (v)     The Group will disclose details relating to the II-Contractual Arrangements on an on-going basis.

            Pursuant to Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, the Group has obtained the opinion from an independent
            financial adviser, pursuant to which the independent financial adviser considers that in relation to the
            II-Contractual Arrangements, (i) the continuing connected transactions in respect of the II-Contractual
            Arrangements have been entered into in the Group’s ordinary and usual course of business on normal
            commercial terms, on terms that are fair and reasonable, and in the interest of the Company and
            the Shareholders as a whole; (ii) a term of longer than three years is required for the II-Contractual
            Arrangements; and (iii) it is normal business practice for the II-Contractual Arrangements to be of such
            duration exceeding three years. For details, please refer to the circular of the Company dated October
            16, 2023.

            Based on the above, the II-Contractual Arrangements shall continue to be in place for so long as the
            shares of the Company are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange subject to the following internal
            measures to safeguard the II-Contractual Arrangements:

            (i)     no change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;

            (ii)    no change without independent Shareholders’ approval;

            (iii)   the II-Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable our Group to receive the economic
                    benefits derived by the II-OPCOs; and

            (iv)    the Group will disclose details relating to the II-Contractual Arrangements on an ongoing basis.
                                                                                            2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT           111
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(21)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       II. Contractual Arrangements in relation to the Acquisition (Continued)

       Confirmation from the independent non-executive Directors

       The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the II-Contractual Arrangements and confirmed
       that:

       (i)     the transactions carried out during the Reporting Period have been entered into in accordance
               with the relevant provisions of the II-Contractual Arrangements;

       (ii)    no dividends or other distributions have been made by the II-OPCOs to Alibaba Culture which are
               not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group during the Reporting Period;
               and

       (iii)   any contracts renewed between the Group and the II-OPCOs during the Reporting Period are fair
               and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far as the Group is concerned and in
               the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.


Confirmation from the independent auditor of the Company

The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in
accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements
Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with reference to Practice Note 740
(Revised), Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued
by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued his unmodified letter
containing his findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the
Group in this annual report in accordance with Main Board Listing Rule 14A.56. A copy of the auditor’s letter
has been provided to the Company, as set out above and confirms that:

(i)    nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes it to believe that the disclosed continuing
       connected transactions have not been approved by the Board.

(ii)   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to the
       auditor’s attention that causes it to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in
       accordance with the pricing policies of the Group.
112 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Confirmation from the independent auditor of the Company (Continued)

     (iii)   nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes it to believe that the transactions were not
             entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
             transactions.

     (iv)    with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions (other than
             those transactions with the I-OPCOs under the I-Contractual Arrangements and the II-OPCOs under the
             II-Contractual Arrangements), nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes it to believe that
             the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded their respective annual caps set by the
             Company.

     (v)     with respect of the disclosed continuing connected transactions with the I-OPCOs under the
             I-Contractual Arrangements, nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes it to believe that
             dividends or other distributions have been made by the I-OPCOs to the holders of the equity interests of
             the I-OPCOs which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.

     (vi)    with respect of the disclosed continuing connected transactions with the II-OPCOs under the II-
             Contractual Arrangements, nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes it to believe that
             dividends or other distributions have been made by the II-OPCOs to the holders of the equity interests
             of the II-OPCOs which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.

     In respect of the continuing connected transactions, the Company has followed the policies and
     guidelines as laid down in the guidance letter HKEX-GL73–14 issued by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange when
     determining the price and terms of the transactions conducted during the Reporting Period.

     Save as disclosed above, all other related party transactions entered into by the Group which also constituted
     connected transactions (including continuing connected transactions), but were exempt from annual review
     and disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, are set out in note 32 to the consolidated
     financial statements contained in this annual report. The Company confirms that it has complied with the
     disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     Note:   Save as disclosed above, all actual transaction amounts as stated in the section headed “CONNECTED
             TRANSACTIONS” are exclusive of 6% value-added tax.
                                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT              113
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

As at March 31, 2024, the following parties had interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying
Shares as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


Ordinary Shares of HK$0.25 each in the capital of the Company

                                                                        Number of
                                                                           Shares/                               Approximate
                                   Capacity in which                    underlying       Long position/         percentage of
Name of Shareholder                interests are held                  Shares held       Short position          issued shares
                                                                                                                       (Note 2)

Ali CV                             Beneficial owner (Notes 1 13,488,058,846              Long position                 45.74%
                                     and 3)

Alibaba Investment                 Interest of controlled          16,001,087,693        Long position                 54.26%
                                      corporation (Notes 2
                                      and 3)

AGH                                Interest of controlled          16,001,087,693        Long position                 54.26%
                                      corporation (Notes 2
                                      and 3)

Bian Ximing/Yang Minghua           Beneficial owner                  1,995,060,000       Long position                  6.77%

Notes:

1.       This represents the interest in 13,488,058,846 Shares held by Ali CV as beneficial owner.

2.       This represents the interest in (i) 2,513,028,847 Shares held by Alibaba Investment beneficially, and (ii)
         13,488,058,846 Shares held by Alibaba Investment through its controlled corporation, Ali CV.

3.       As of March 31, 2024, Ali CV was wholly owned by AGH, through its controlled corporation, Alibaba Investment.
         Accordingly, Alibaba Investment were deemed to have the same interest held by Ali CV, and AGH was deemed to
         have the same interest held by Alibaba Investment and Ali CV, by virtue of part XV of the SFO.

4.       As of March 31, 2024, the Company had a total of 29,488,769,003 Shares in issue.

5.       Each of Mr. Fan Luyuan, Mr. Meng Jun and Mr. Tung Pen Hung holds positions in AGH or its subsidiaries, and Mr. Li
         Jie is currently taking up a management role in a subsidiary of AGH.

Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2024, none of the Director is a director or employee of a company
which had an interest in the Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.

Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2024, so far as was known to the Directors, there were no other
parties who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.
114 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESSES

     None of the Directors and their respective associates is interested in any business apart from the Group’s
     businesses which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the
     Group.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige
     the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to the Company’s existing shareholders.


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM ISSUE OF EQUITY SECURITIES

     On March 5, 2019, the Company allotted and issued 1,000,000,000 new ordinary Shares (the “Subscription
     Share(s)”) of nominal value of HK$250,000,000 in the capital of the Company to Ali CV as the Subscriber
     at the subscription price of HK$1.25 per Subscription Share (the “Subscription”). The Directors considered
     that the Subscription would further strengthen the collaboration between the Company and Alibaba Group’s
     other media content and distribution businesses and lay down a more solid foundation for the Company’s
     future business development. The closing price of the Shares as quoted on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
     was HK$1.23 on December 7, 2018, being the last trading day immediately prior to the date on which the
     terms of the Subscription were fixed. The net proceeds, after deduction of all relevant expenses incidental
     to the Subscription, were estimated to be approximately HK$1,247,500,000 and the net subscription price
     per Subscription Share was approximately HK$1.25. The net proceeds from the Subscription would mainly be
     used for content investment, the further expansion of customer base, sales and marketing activities, selective
     mergers and acquisitions when opportunities arise, and general corporate purposes.

     Set out below is a detailed breakdown and description of the net proceeds from the Subscription used during
     the financial year ended March 31, 2024:

                                                                                         Used net
                                                                                         proceeds
                                                                                       during the         Unused net
                                                                                    financial year          proceeds
                                                                   Unused net              ended                as at
                                                                proceeds as at          March 31,          March 31,
     Use of proceeds                                              April 1, 2023              2024               2024
                                                                   RMB million         RMB million        RMB million

     Content investment                                                       59                (59)                  –


     Further expansion of customer base                                       42                (42)                  –


     Sales and marketing activities                                           13                (13)                  –


     General corporate purpose                                                 4                  (4)                 –


     Total                                                                  118        (118) (Note)                   –
                                                                                                    2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT               115
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM ISSUE OF EQUITY SECURITIES (Continued)
Note:   As of March 31, 2024, all utilization of the net proceeds was in accordance with the intentions previously disclosed.


Apart from the issue of the Subscription Shares and the Consideration Shares, and the grant of 251,431,350
Awarded Shares pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the Company and its subsidiaries did not allot, issue or
grant any convertible equity securities, options, warrants or similar rights during the Reporting Period.


ISSUANCE OF SHARES

Save for the issuance and allotment of the Consideration Shares to satisfy the aggregate consideration for the
Acquisition, the Company did not issue any Shares during the Reporting Period. For details of the Acquisition,
please refer to the paragraphs headed “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS – Connected Transactions“ above and
the Company’s announcement dated September 19, 2023, October 31, 2023 and November 30, 2023, and
the Company’s circular dated October 16, 2023.

For details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period, please refer to note
24 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report.


DEBENTURES

The Group did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Period.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save for the 2012 Share Option Scheme, the 2021 Share Option Scheme and the Share Award Scheme as
disclosed in the section headed “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES” of this annual report on pages 24 to 44, the
Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement during the Reporting Period or there was not any
subsisting equity-linked agreement entered into by the Company at the end of the Reporting Period.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES

The trustee of the Share Award Scheme purchased a total of 3,000,000 Shares from the market at a total
consideration of HK$1,855,900 to satisfy the awarded Shares granted to connected employees of the
Company upon vesting pursuant to the terms of such scheme.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the listed securities (including sale of treasury shares (if any)) of the Company during the Reporting Period.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance code. Information on the
corporate governance code adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages
117 to 145.
116 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     DONATIONS

     Donations made by the Group during the Reporting Period was nil (financial year ended March 31, 2023: nil).


     TAXATION RELIEF

     The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holdings
     of the Shares. If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing
     of, dealing in, or exercising of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised to consult their professional
     advisers.


     PUBLIC FLOAT

     As at the date of this report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float as required under the
     Listing Rules, based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of
     its Directors.


     AUDITOR

     There has been no change of the Company’s auditor in the past three years. The consolidated financial
     statements for the year ended March 31, 2024 were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”). A
     resolution to re-appoint PwC as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM.


     IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     There was no important event which might affect the Group after March 31, 2024 and up to the date of this
     annual report.


     FUTURE DEVELOPMENT IN THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS

     For details of likely future development in the Company’s business, please refer to the sections headed
     “CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT” and “MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS” of this annual report.

     On behalf of the Board
     Fan Luyuan
     Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

     Hong Kong, May 29, 2024
                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT            117
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is committed
to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance within a sensible framework with an emphasis on
the principles of transparency, accountability and independence. The Board believes that good corporate
governance is essential to the success of the Company and the enhancement of value to the Shareholders.

Throughout the Reporting Period, the Company had adopted and complied with the applicable code provisions
of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules during the
Reporting Period, except for the deviation from code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code (the “Code Provision
C.2.1”) for the reasons below.

Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be
separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company does not have a separate
chairman and chief executive officer. Mr. Fan Luyuan, appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company
on August 2, 2017, has also acted as chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”) since October 13, 2017. The
Board considers that vesting the roles of both Chairman and chief executive officer in the same person will
facilitate the development and execution of the Group’s business strategies, which will help the Company
overcome market challenges and create more value for the Shareholders. The Board believes that the balance
of power and authority under such arrangement would not be impaired given that there are sufficient checks
and balances in the Board as a decision to be made by the Board requires approval by a majority of the
Directors and such balance is ensured by the Board which comprises experienced and high caliber individuals
and a sufficient number of independent non-executive Directors.


THE BOARD

The Board currently comprises seven Directors in total, with three executive Directors, one non-executive
Director and three independent non-executive Directors. The composition of the Board during the Reporting
Period and up to the publication date of this report is set out as follows:


Executive Directors
Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Li Jie
Mr. Meng Jun


Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Tung Pen Hung (Appointed on May 15, 2023)
Mr. Liu Zheng (Resigned on May 15, 2023)


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Ms. Song Lixin
Mr. Tong Xiaomeng
Mr. Johnny Chen

On May 15, 2023, Mr. Liu Zheng resigned as non-executive Director to focus on his other work commitments
with Alibaba Group. Mr. Liu has also confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board. On the same day,
Mr. Tung Pen Hung was appointed as non-executive Director.
118 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     THE BOARD (Continued)

     Pursuant to Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules, which became effective from 31 December 2023, every director
     of a listed issuer must obtain legal advice from a firm of solicitors qualified to advise on Hong Kong law as
     regards the requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to him as a director of a listed issuer and
     the possible consequences of making a false declaration or giving false information to the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange. Mr. Tung Pen Hung was appointed as non-executive Director on May 15, 2023, which was before
     the effective date of Rule 3.09D. Mr. Tung Pen Hung has submitted the relevant declaration and undertaking
     with regard to directors with the legal adviser’s certification thereon to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under
     the then Listing Rules requirements.

     The Board has adopted a policy setting out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board (the “Board
     Diversity Policy”) with the aims of enhancing the Board’s effectiveness and strengthening the corporate
     governance for contributing to the long term growth and sustainability of the Company.

     Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration
     of a number of factors, including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background,
     professional experience, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on
     meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of
     diversity of the Board.

     The nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”) reviews the Board Diversity Policy
     on a regular basis and discusses any revisions that might be required, and recommends to the Board for
     consideration and approval.

     As at March 31, 2024, the Board and senior management comprised six male members and one female
     member, and among the 1,455 employees of the Group, the ratio of male to female staff was approximately
     0.87:1. The Board considers that the current Board is diverse in terms of gender and consists of members with
     an appropriate balance and level of knowledge, skills, experience and perspectives required to support the
     implementation of business strategies. The Company also takes into consideration factors based on its business
     needs and availability of the suitable qualified individuals in determining the optimal composition of the Board.
     At present, the Company has not set any measurable objectives for implementation of the diversity policies
     in relation to the Board members and the workforce of the Group (including gender diversity). However, the
     Company will consider and review from time to time such diversity policies (including gender diversity) and
     setting of any measurable objectives (if applicable).

     The Company will ensure that its recruitment and selection of Directors follow the appropriate organizational
     procedures to recruit candidates from different backgrounds for its consideration. The Company will also
     establish and implement relevant schemes to build a broader and more diversified pool of employees with
     relevant work skills and experience. Additionally, the Company aims to cultivate a group of potential female
     successors for senior management and the Board by ensuring gender diversity.

     An updated list of Board members identifying their roles and functions is maintained on the websites of
     the Company and HKEXnews operated by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The brief biographical details of
     the Directors are set out in the section headed “BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT” on pages 16 to 19 of this annual report. Save as disclosed therein, there is no financial,
     business, family or other material relationship among members of the Board.
                                                                                            2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT           119
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

THE BOARD (Continued)

During the Reporting Period, the non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors
provided the Group with a wide range of qualifications, expertise and experience through regular attendance
and active participation. Their positive contribution brings independent judgment on issues relating to the
Group’s strategy, performance and management process, taking into account the interests of all Shareholders.

The Company confirms that each independent non-executive Director has given an annual confirmation of
his/her independence to the Company, and the Company considers each of them is independent under the
guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Board believes that there is sufficient independence on
the Board to safeguard the interest of Shareholders.

The Board meets regularly to discuss the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial performance of
the Group and to review and approve the Group’s annual and interim results. Directors may participate either
in person or through electronic means of communications. During the Reporting Period, five Board meetings
and two general meetings of the Company were held. The attendance of each Director at Board meetings and
general meetings of the Company is set out as follows:

                                                                              Number of meetings
                                                                           attended/eligible to attend
Directors                                                               Board Meetings    General Meetings

Executive Directors
Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)                                   5/5                     2/2
Mr. Li Jie                                                                            5/5                     2/2
Mr. Meng Jun                                                                          5/5                     2/2

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Tung Pen Hung (Appointed on May 15, 2023)                                         5/5                     2/2
Mr. Liu Zheng (Resigned on May 15, 2023)                                              0/0                     0/0

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Ms. Song Lixin                                                                        5/5                     2/2
Mr. Tong Xiaomeng                                                                     5/5                     2/2
Mr. Johnny Chen                                                                       5/5                     2/2

The Board has reserved for its decision or consideration matters covering mainly the Group’s overall strategy,
annual operating budgets, annual and interim results, recommendations on Directors’ appointment or
re-appointment, material contracts and transactions, as well as other significant policy and financial matters.
The Board has delegated responsibility for day-to-day operations to management under the instruction and
supervision of the executive committee of the Company (the “Executive Committee”) which has its specific
written terms of reference. The Board will review the respective functions of the Board and management of
the Company from time to time to ensure that they are consistent with the existing rules and regulations.

All Directors are required to disclose to the Company offices held in public companies or organizations and
other significant commitments in order to ensure that they can give sufficient time and attention to the
Company’s affairs.
120 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     THE BOARD (Continued)

     The Board should meet regularly at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals. During the
     Reporting Period, the Board held four regular meetings and one ad hoc meeting. The Company’s daily business
     operations are under the management of its executive Directors. In addition to regular meetings, the Board
     will hold ad hoc meetings from time to time as necessitated by business needs in order to consider and resolve
     all material business or management issues of the Company. At least 14 days’ notice of a regular Board
     meeting is normally given to all Directors who are given an opportunity to include matters for discussion in
     the agenda. The company secretary assists the Chairman in preparing the agenda for meetings and ensures
     that all applicable rules and regulations are complied with. The agenda and the accompanying Board papers
     are normally sent to all Directors at least three days before the intended date of a regular Board meeting (and
     so far as practicable for such other Board meetings). Draft minutes of each Board meeting are circulated to all
     Directors for their comments. All minutes are kept by the Company Secretarial Department of the Company
     and are open for inspection at any reasonable time on reasonable notice by any Director.

     According to current Board practice, any transaction which involves a conflict of interests for a substantial
     Shareholder or a Director and which is considered by the Board to be material will be dealt with by the Board
     at a duly convened Board meeting. The Bye-laws also stipulate that a Director should abstain from voting and
     not be counted towards the quorum at meetings for approving transactions in which such Director or any of
     his associates has a material interest.

     Each Director is entitled to have access to Board papers and related materials and has access to the advice
     and services of the company secretary. The Board and each Director also have separate and independent
     access to the Company’s management. In addition, a written procedure was established in June 2005 to
     enable the Directors, in the discharge of their duties, to seek independent professional advice in appropriate
     circumstances at a reasonable cost to be borne by the Company.

     The Company has arranged liability insurance for Directors and officers with appropriate coverage for certain
     legal liabilities which may arise in the course of performing their duties.

     Mechanisms to ensure Board Independence

     The Company has mechanisms (the “Board Independence Mechanisms”) in place to ensure independent views
     and input are available to the Board which is critical to good corporate governance. Pursuant to the Board
     Independence Mechanisms, the Board committees or individual Directors may seek independent professional
     advice, views and input as considered necessary to fulfil their responsibilities and in exercising independent
     judgement when making decision in furtherance of their Directors duties of the Company’s expense. The
     implementation and effectiveness of such mechanisms will be reviewed by the Board on an annual basis. The
     findings of the Board’s annual review are as follows:

     •      Proper meeting arrangements and procedures are in place to facilitate open, constructive, informed
            discussions and thorough consideration of relevant issues;

     •      The Board has full access to management’s updates and availability of all material information on
            performance and key activities and projects; and

     •      The Board has access to independent professional advice at the expense of the Company if necessary to
            perform the responsibilities of the Board. Arrangement to seek independent professional advice can be
            made through the company secretary of the Company.

     The Board considered the Board Independence Mechanisms have been implemented effectively during the
     Reporting Period.
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT              121
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

THE BOARD (Continued)

Training and Support for Directors

Directors must keep abreast of their collective responsibilities. Each newly appointed Director would receive
an induction package covering the Company’s businesses and the statutory and regulatory obligations of a
director of a listed company. The Company also provides briefings and other training to develop and refresh
the Directors’ knowledge and skills. The Company continually updates Directors on the latest developments
regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements, to ensure compliance and enhance
their awareness of good corporate governance practices. Circulars or guidance notes are issued to Directors
and senior management where appropriate, to ensure awareness of best corporate governance practices.

During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Directors participated in the
following trainings:

                                                                                          Reading newspaper,
                                                                                         journals and updates
                                                                                     relating to the economy,
                                                                                           general business or
                                                                                           directors’ duties etc

Executive Directors
Mr. Fan Luyuan                                                                                                  ✔
Mr. Li Jie                                                                                                      ✔
Mr. Meng Jun                                                                                                    ✔

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Tung Pen Hung (Appointed on May 15, 2023)                                                                   ✔
Mr. Liu Zheng (Resigned on May 15, 2023)                                                                        ✔

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Ms. Song Lixin                                                                                                  ✔
Mr. Tong Xiaomeng                                                                                               ✔
Mr. Johnny Chen                                                                                                 ✔
122 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

     The Board is responsible for performing corporate governance duties including:

     (i)     to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

     (ii)    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
             management of the Company;

     (iii)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
             requirements;

     (iv)    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
             employees and Directors of the Company; and

     (v)     to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and its disclosure requirements in the
             Corporate Governance Report.

     During the Reporting Period, the Board (i) reviewed the Company’s policies on corporate governance and
     compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (ii) reviewed and monitored the training and continuous
     professional development of Directors and the code of conduct of the Company; and (iii) reviewed the
     Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report.


     ROLES OF CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE

     Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be
     separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Fan Luyuan, appointed as the chief
     executive officer of the Company on August 2, 2017, has also acted as the Chairman since October 13, 2017.
     The Board considers that vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in the same person
     will facilitate the development and execution of the Group’s business strategies, which will help the Company
     overcome market challenges and create more value for the Shareholders.

     The Board believes that the balance of power and authority under such arrangement would not be impaired
     and would continue to be adequately ensured by the current Board which comprises experienced and high
     caliber individuals with a sufficient number of independent non-executive Directors.
                                                                                            2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT             123
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

NOMINATION, APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

The Board has adopted a nomination policy (the “Director Nomination Policy”) which sets out the criteria
and process in the nomination and appointment of Directors to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills,
experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company and to ensure Board continuity and
appropriate leadership at the Board level.

The Board has delegated its responsibilities and authority for selection and nomination of Directors to the
Nomination Committee in accordance with its terms of reference.

Below is the summary of the Director Nomination Policy:


Selection Criteria

The Nomination Committee shall identify and nominate qualified individual(s) for appointment as additional
Director(s) or to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise. The criteria to be adopted by the Board in
considering each individuals shall be their ability to contribute to the effective carrying out by the Board of its
responsibilities set out in the CG Code.

In evaluating and selecting any candidate for directorship, the following criteria should be considered:

•      character and integrity;

•      qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to
       the Company’s business and corporate strategy;

•      diversity aspects under the Board Diversity Policy including gender, age (18 years or above), cultural and
       educational background, racial, professional experience, ethnicity and length of service;

•      (in case of independent non-executive directors) requirement for the Board to have independent
       directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether the candidate would be considered
       independent with reference to the independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules;

•      any potential contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills,
       experience, independence and gender diversity;

•      willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/or
       Board committee(s) of the Company; and

•      any other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business and succession plan and where
       applicable, may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination Committee from time
       to time for nomination of directors and succession planning.

These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination Committee
has the discretion to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.
124 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     NOMINATION, APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
     (Continued)

     Nomination Procedures and Process

     (a)   Appointment of New Director

           (i)     The secretary to the Nomination Committee (being the company secretary of the Company
                   according to its terms of reference) shall call for a meeting of the Nomination Committee when
                   he or she receives nominations of candidates from Board members or put forward candidates
                   who are not nominated by any Board member.

           (ii)    The Nomination Committee should, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new
                   director and the biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such
                   candidate based on the criteria listed above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for
                   directorship.

           (iii)   If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the Nomination Committee should rank
                   them by order of preference based on the needs of the Company, the criteria listed above and
                   reference check results of each candidate (where applicable).

           (iv)    The Nomination Committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate
                   candidate for directorship, as applicable.

           (v)     For any person that is nominated by a shareholder for election as a director at the general
                   meeting of the Company, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such
                   candidate based on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is
                   qualified for directorship.

           Where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should make recommendation(s) to
           the Shareholders in respect of the proposed election of director at the general meeting.

     (b)   Re-election of Director at General Meeting

           (i)     The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service
                   to the Company of the retiring director and the level of participation and performance on the
                   Board.

           (ii)    The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should also review and determine whether the
                   retiring director continues to meet the criteria listed above.

           (iii)   The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation(s) to
                   Shareholders in respect of the proposed re-election of director(s) at the general meeting.

           Where the Board proposes a resolution to elect or re-elect a candidate as director at the general
           meeting, the relevant information of the candidate will be disclosed in the circular to the Shareholders
           and/or explanatory statement accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting in accordance
           with the Listing Rules and/or applicable laws and regulations.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT            125
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

NOMINATION, APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
(Continued)

New directors, on appointment, are given an induction package containing all key legal and Listing Rules’
requirements as well as guidelines on the responsibilities and obligations to be observed by a director of a
listed company. The package includes the latest published financial reports of the Company and the
documentation for the corporate governance code adopted by the Board. The new directors are subsequently
provided with briefings and/or trainings as necessary to ensure that they have more detailed information on
the Group’s businesses and activities.

Each of the executive Directors and the non-executive Directors (including the independent non-executive
Directors) has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of one year and the term of
his/her service shall be renewed automatically for successive one-year term or until terminated in accordance
with his/her letter of appointment. The office of each director is also subject to the relevant provisions of
the Bye-laws or any other applicable laws whereby the directors shall vacate or retire from their office but is
eligible for re-election. The Bye-laws provide that any director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy
on the Board or, as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office until the first general meeting of the
Company after his appointment and be eligible for re-election at such meeting.

The code provision B.2.2 of the CG Code requires every director, including those appointed for a specific term,
to be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. The Company has fully complied with
such code provision.

The Shareholders may, at any general meeting convened and held in accordance with the Bye-laws, by
ordinary resolution remove a Director (including a managing or other executive Director) at any time before
the expiration of his period of office notwithstanding anything contrary in the Bye-laws or in any agreement
between the Company and such Director and may by ordinary resolution elect another person in his stead.


BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established various committees, including the remuneration committee (the “Remuneration
Committee”), the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), the Nomination Committee and the Executive
Committee, to perform their distinct roles in accordance with their respective terms of reference.

The Board committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable
request, are able to seek independent professional advice in accordance with the Company’s policy in
appropriate circumstances. Copies of minutes of all meetings and resolutions of the committees, which are
kept by the Company Secretarial Department of the Company, are circulated to all Board members and
the committees are required to report back to the Board on their decision and recommendations, where
appropriate. The procedures and arrangements for a Board meeting, as mentioned in the section headed “THE
BOARD” above, have been adopted for the committee meetings so far as practicable.

Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee has been established since June 2005 and currently consists of three members,
including Mr. Tong Xiaomeng (Chairman), Mr. Fan Luyuan and Ms. Song Lixin. Among the three members of
the Remuneration Committee, one member is an executive Director and two members are independent non-
executive Directors.
126 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

     Remuneration Committee (Continued)

     The major roles and functions of the Remuneration Committee are:

     (i)     to review and recommend to the Board the remuneration policy and packages of the Directors and,
             where appropriate, to consult the chairman and/or chief executive officer about the committee’s
             proposals relating to the remuneration of other executive Directors;

     (ii)    to consider salaries or fees paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
             employment conditions elsewhere in the Group;

     (iii)   to review and recommend the compensation payable to executive Directors for any loss or termination
             of office or appointment;

     (iv)    to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for
             misconduct; and

     (v)     to ensure that no Director is involved in deciding his own remuneration.

     The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of HKEXnews operated
     by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company, respectively. The Remuneration Committee has adopted
     the model described in code provision E.1.2(c)(ii) of the CG Code in its terms of reference.

     The Remuneration Committee shall meet at least once a year. One Remuneration Committee meeting was
     held in the Reporting Period and the attendance of each member of the Remuneration Committee is set out as
     follows:

                                                                                                      Number of Committee
                                                                                                        meetings attended/
     Committee members                                                                                   eligible to attend

     Mr. Tong Xiaomeng (Chairman)                                                                                                1/1
     Mr. Fan Luyuan                                                                                                              1/1
     Ms. Song Lixin                                                                                                              1/1

     The Remuneration Committee reviews and recommends to the Board for approval of the remuneration of
     the Directors (including the executive Directors), having regard to the Group’s operating results, individual
     performance, time commitment and responsibilities, and comparable market remuneration packages for
     directors of listed issuers in Hong Kong. The remuneration packages for the Directors comprise directors’
     fees** and/or salaries, discretionary bonuses, share options or awarded shares that may be granted from
     time to time under the Company’s share incentive schemes, contributory provident fund, social security fund,
     medical benefits and training.

     **      The executive Directors and the non-executive Directors (other than the independent non-executive Directors) will
             not receive any Director’s fees.
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT              127
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

Remuneration Committee (Continued)

Save Mr. Tung Pen Hung, who does not receive remuneration from the Company, each current Director, will
be entitled to remuneration which is to be proposed for the Shareholders’ approval at the AGM each year.
Remuneration payable to the individual Directors will be determined with reference to his experience and the
prevailing market rate of director’s fees. Further remuneration payable to Directors including any other fees to
the independent non-executive Directors for their additional responsibilities and services will be approved by
the Board on the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee.

Details of the Directors’ remuneration are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements contained
in this annual report. Details of the remuneration policy of the Group are also set out in the paragraph headed
“Employees and Remuneration Policies” in the section headed “MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS”
on page 15 of this annual report.

The remuneration payable to three members of the senior management of the Company by band for the
Reporting Period is set out below:

Remuneration bands                                                                        Senior management

HK$500,000 – HK$1,000,000                                                                                       1
HK$1,000,001 – HK$2,000,000                                                                                     –
HK$2,000,001 – HK$2,500,000                                                                                     –
HK$2,500,001 – HK$11,000,000                                                                                    1
HK$11,000,001 – HK$14,000,000                                                                                   1

The 2012 Share Option Scheme was adopted and approved by the Shareholders at the AGM held on June 11,
2012, and was terminated upon the adoption of the 2021 Share Option Scheme on September 6, 2021. On
August 30, 2023, the Shareholders approved the amendments to the terms of the 2021 Share Option Scheme
to conform with the amendments to the Listing Rules relating to share schemes of listed issuers, which took
effect from January 1, 2023. Details of the 2021 Share Option Scheme are set out in the Directors’ Report on
pages 25 to 34 and note 25 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report.

The Company’s Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Board on December 30, 2016 and amended on
March 29, 2019, January 17, 2020 and August 30, 2023, respectively. Details of the Share Award Scheme
are set out in the Directors’ Report on pages 35 to 44 and note 25 to the consolidated financial statements
contained in this annual report.

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended for the Board’s
approval (i) the existing policy and structure for the remuneration of Directors (including the executive
Directors) and senior management; (ii) the remuneration packages (including share-based award) of the
Directors (including the executive Directors) and senior management; (iii) the proposed remuneration package
of the newly appointed non-executive Director during the Reporting Period; and (iv) matters relating to share
schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.
128 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

     Remuneration Committee (Continued)

     During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee discussed and made recommendations on the
     grants of Awarded Shares under the Share award Scheme to, among other employees, the Directors and senior
     management. The vesting periods (from grant date to the first vesting date) of such Awarded Shares were
     shorter than 12 months with no performance target attached, but subject to a clawback mechanism, whereby
     the Awarded Shares will be canceled upon the occurrence of certain circumstances including but not limited to
     termination of the grantee’s employment or service by the Company for cause.

     Having considered that the performance and contributions to the Group by the Directors and senior
     management, the Remuneration Committee and the Board considered that the grant of such Awarded Shares
     with a vesting period shorter than 12 months and no performance target attached (i) rewards and recognises
     the contribution of the Directors and senior management; and (ii) provides incentive to retain them for
     continual development of the Group.

     Therefore, the Remuneration Committee considered that the grant was appropriate, aligned with the purpose
     of the Share Award Scheme and was in the interest of the Company and the Shareholders.


     Audit Committee

     The Audit Committee has been established since August 2001 with a set of revised written terms of reference
     adopted on August 28, 2015 which are in line with the CG Code. The Audit Committee currently consists
     of three independent non-executive Directors. To retain independence and objectivity, the Audit Committee is
     chaired by an independent non-executive Director (with appropriate professional qualifications or accounting
     or related financial management expertise). The current members of the Audit Committee are Mr. Johnny
     Chen (Chairman), Ms. Song Lixin and Mr. Tong Xiaomeng.

     The major roles and functions of the Audit Committee are:

     (i)     to consider and recommend to the Board the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external
             auditor, to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and any
             questions of resignation or dismissal of those auditors;

     (ii)    to consider and discuss with the external auditor the nature and scope of each year’s audit;

     (iii)   to review and monitor the external auditor’s independence and objectivity;

     (iv)    to review the interim and annual consolidated financial statements before submission to the Board;

     (v)     to discuss any problems and reservations arising from the interim review and final audit, and any
             matters the external auditor may wish to discuss;
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT              129
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

Audit Committee (Continued)

(vi)     to review the external auditor’s management letters and management’s response;

(vii)    to review the Group’s financial controls, internal control and risk management systems;

(viii)   to discuss the internal control system with the management; and

(ix)     to consider major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as delegated
         by the Board and management’s response to these findings.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the websites of HKEXnews operated by the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company, respectively. The Audit Committee has adopted the model
described in code provision D.3.3 of the CG Code in its terms of reference.

The Audit Committee shall meet at least twice a year. Three Audit Committee meetings were held during the
Reporting Period and the attendance of each member of the Audit Committee is set out as follows:

                                                                                        Number of Committee
                                                                                          meetings attended/
Committee members                                                                          eligible to attend

Mr. Johnny Chen (Chairman)                                                                                     3/3
Ms. Song Lixin                                                                                                 3/3
Mr. Tong Xiaomeng                                                                                              3/3

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee performed the work summarized as below:

(i)      reviewed and recommended for the Board’s approval the scope and fees proposed by the external
         auditor in respect of the final audit for the year ended March 31, 2023 (the “2022/23 Final Audit”)
         and the interim results review for the six months ended September 30, 2023 (the “2023/24 Interim
         Review”);

(ii)     reviewed the external auditor’s report of findings, independent review report and audit completion
         report in relation to the 2022/23 Final Audit and the 2023/24 Interim Review;

(iii)    reviewed and recommended for the Board’s approval the Company’s consolidated financial statements
         (the “Consolidated Financial Statements”) for the year ended March 31, 2023 and for the six months
         ended September 30, 2023 together with the relevant management representation letters;

(iv)     reviewed the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems as well as the internal
         audit function; and

(v)      recommended to the Board, for the approval by the Shareholders, the re-appointment of the auditor of
         the Company.

The Audit Committee was of the opinion that the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements
complied with the applicable accounting standards and requirements, and that adequate disclosures had been
made. For details of the works relating to the risk management and internal control systems conducted by the
Audit Committee, please refer to the “ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT” section of this corporate governance
report.
130 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

     Nomination Committee

     The Nomination Committee has been established since March 2012 with a set of revised written terms of
     reference adopted in August 2013 which are in line with the CG Code. The Nomination Committee currently
     consists of three members, including Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman), Mr. Tong Xiaomeng and Mr. Johnny Chen.
     Among three members of the Nomination Committee, one member is an executive Director and two members
     are independent non-executive Directors.

     The major roles and function of the Nomination Committee are:

     (i)     to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity
             of perspectives) of the Board and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to
             complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

     (ii)    to make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individual(s) nominated for directorship(s);

     (iii)   to assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors;

     (iv)    to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
             succession planning for Directors; and

     (v)     to review a policy concerning diversity of Board members and its implementation and make
             recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

     The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of HKEXnews operated by
     the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company, respectively. The Nomination Committee has adopted the
     model described in code provision B.3.1 of the CG Code in its terms of reference.

     The Nomination Committee shall meet at least once a year. One Nomination Committee meeting was held
     during the Reporting Period and the attendance of each member of the Nomination Committee is set out as
     follows:

                                                                                               Number of Committee
                                                                                                 meetings attended/
     Committee members                                                                            eligible to attend

     Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman)                                                                                       1/1
     Mr. Tong Xiaomeng                                                                                               1/1
     Mr. Johnny Chen                                                                                                 1/1

     For the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee (i) reviewed the Director Nomination Policy and its
     implementation; (ii) reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board; (iii) assessed candidate(s) for
     directorship on criteria such as integrity, experience, skill and ability to commit time and effort to carry out the
     duties and responsibilities and put the nomination of such candidate(s) to the Board for decision; (iv) assessed
     the independence of all the independent non-executive Directors; (v) reviewed and recommended for the
     Board’s approval on re-election of the retiring Directors at the AGM; and (vi) considered and recommended for
     the Board’s approval on the appointment of Mr. Tung Pen Hung as a non-executive Director.

     For details of the Director Nomination Policy, please refer to the “NOMINATION, APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION
     AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS” section of this Corporate Governance Report.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT           131
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

Executive Committee

The Executive Committee has been established since December 2004 and currently consists of three executive
Directors, namely Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman), Mr. Li Jie and Mr. Meng Jun.

The Executive Committee is vested with all the general powers of management and control of the activities of
the Group as are vested in the Board, save for those matters which are reserved for the Board’s decision and
approval pursuant to the written terms of reference of the Executive Committee.

The Executive Committee will meet as and when necessary to discuss the operating affairs of the Group and
also deals with matters by way of circulation. The Executive Committee is mainly responsible for undertaking
and supervising the day-to-day management and is empowered, among others:

(i)    to formulate and implement policies for the business activities, internal control and administration of
       the Group; and

(ii)   to plan and decide on strategies to be adopted for the business activities of the Group within the
       overall strategy of the Group as determined by the Board.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND
RELEVANT EMPLOYEES

The Company has adopted its own code of conduct for securities transactions (the “Code of Conduct
Regarding Securities Transactions”) by the Directors and certain officers and employees of the Company or its
subsidiaries who are considered to be likely in possession of unpublished inside information in relation to the
Company or its securities, on terms no less exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code.

Having made specific enquiry of all Directors, each of the Directors confirmed that he/she has complied
with the required standard as set out in the Model Code and the Code of Conduct Regarding Securities
Transactions during the Reporting Period.


ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

Financial Reporting

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing, with the support from the finance department,
the consolidated financial statements of the Group. The Directors also acknowledge their responsibilities
to ensure that the financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner. In preparing the
consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2024, the accounting principles
generally accepted in Hong Kong have been adopted and the requirements of the Hong Kong Financial
Reporting Standards (which also include Hong Kong Accounting Standards and Interpretations) issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance were complied with. Appropriate accounting policies have also been applied
consistently.
132 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Financial Reporting (Continued)

     The Audit Committee has recommended the Board to re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) as auditor
     of the Company. The reporting responsibilities of the Company’s external auditor, PwC, are set out in the
     Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 146 to 156.

     The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis. The Directors confirm that, to the best of
     their knowledge, they are not aware of material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

     The Audit Committee reviewed the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experiences of staff of the
     Group’s accounting and financial reporting function, and their training programs and budget.


     Risk Management and Internal Control

     The Company considers risk management and internal control to be an integral part of its operational
     management and business activities. The Company takes steady steps to build a comprehensive risk
     management system that is aligned with the group-wide strategy and which integrates relevant business
     characteristics. The Company continues to optimize its organizational structure for risk management and
     standardize its risk management procedures. Both qualitative and quantitative risk management
     methodologies have been adopted to better identify, evaluate and address risks, so as to strike a balance
     between risk and return, and to facilitate sustainable and sound growth of each business of the Company
     while maintaining risk exposure within manageable limits.

     Objectives of Risk Management and Internal Control

     The mechanism for risk management and internal control has been established to evaluate and determine the
     nature of and extent to which the Board is willing to take risks in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives,
     and assist the Group in maintaining proper operations and achieving its performance, profitability goals and
     overall mission. The immediate aim of internal control is to help provide a reasonable level of assurance that
     the Group will meet agreed objectives and goals, which has a key role in achieving business objectives and
     managing significant risks. The management provides the Board with confirmation as to
     the effectiveness of relevant risk management and internal control systems, while the Board is responsible
     for overseeing the Company’s risk management and internal control systems, as well as reviewing their
     effectiveness, all with an aim to safeguard Shareholders’ investment and the Company’s assets at all times.
                                                                                                                     2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT   133
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

Objectives of Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

The Company actively adapts to changes in the internal and external environment, with a view to staying
abreast of the rapid changes in the economic environment of the domestic and overseas Internet-based
film and television industry, the promulgation of supervision regulations, as well as business integration and
innovation within the Group. Focusing on its development strategy and maintaining a balanced risk appetite,
the Company adheres to operational compliance while adopting a rational risk management approach. In
a top-down manner, the Company has established robust and reliable risk management mechanisms and
internal control systems at different levels including governance, management and operation. Further, by
raising awareness about risk management and internal control among all employees, the Company has
effectively integrated the risk management mechanisms into its daily operations. The Company has gradually
established a dynamic and ongoing mechanism for risk monitoring, alert and response, thereby striking a
balance between risk control and business development.



                                                                           Risk
                                                                          Strategy
                                 Governance
                                    Level                                  Risk
                                                                          Appetite

                                                                           Risk
                                                                         Prediction
                                                                 External Communication &
                                                                  Stakeholder Relationship

                                            g                    Organizational Structure of
                                           rin                  Risk Management and Policies
                                          ito                                                              Ri
                                       on                                                                    sk
                    Management       kM
                       Level                                                                                  Ale
                                    Ris                                                                         rt


                                                                     Risk Identification
                                                                   Risk Assessment, and
                                                                  Key Risk Indicators (KRI)




             Operation
                                                                                                 Management
               Level                                                     Personnel,
                                                Operation and                                    Information,
                                                                       Transformation,           Technology,
                                                  Process
                                                                        and Incentives         and Infrastructure




                                                                      Risk Response
134 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     Risk Appetite System

     The Group’s risk appetite sets the keynote for its risk management. The Company follows a prudent principle
     in the determination of its risk appetite. In view of the overall strategic deployment of the Group and the
     development needs of each business line, the Company explores the synergy between its development strategy
     and risk appetite, thereby facilitating the sound operation and sustainable development of each business line
     and the Group as a whole.

     Organizational Structure of Risk Management and Illustration


                                                                   Board of Directors




                                                  Senior Management                                       Audit Committee


                      First line of defense                         Second line of defense                Third line of defense
                                                                   Risk identification and assessment     Independent supervision and
                    Execution of risk management                                                                  inspection
                                                                   Establishment and optimization of
                                                                            internal control
                              Operational Teams
                                                                                                                  Internal Audit
                                                                    Financial Centre   Legal Department            Department
                 Content business: film investment, production,                                                     － Internal
                                   promotion and distribution,                                                     Audit Team
                                   drama series production             Security         Internal Audit
                                                                      Department         Department
                 Technology        film ticketing and technology                          － Internal              Integrity Team
                 business:         platform                                             Control Team

                 IP merchandising Alifish, KOITAKE
                 and innovative
                 initiatives:

                 Damai




     As the foremost decision-making body for risk management within the Company, the Board is responsible for
     ensuring the effectiveness of its overall risk management efforts. In addition to assuming the responsibility
     to establish and maintain an appropriate and effective risk management system, the Board will also oversee
     management in designing, implementing and monitoring such risk management system, of which effectiveness
     is to be assessed annually covering the reporting period each year. The Audit Committee has been established
     by the Board. It performs duties in relation to risk management and internal control on behalf of the Board,
     and oversees the management in designing, implementing and monitoring the risk management and internal
     control systems. The Audit Committee reviews the Company’s financial control, risk management and internal
     control systems on an ongoing basis. It discusses the risk management and internal control systems with
     management, monitors and reviews their efficacy, annual audit plans and reports, and, on its own initiative or
     upon appointment by the Board, studies important findings of investigations on risk management and internal
     control issues and the management’s response to them. As business operations involve inherent risks, the risk
     management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure
     to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
     misstatement or loss.
                                                                                            2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT             135
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

Three Lines of Defense for Risk Management

First line of defense: operational teams of business units
At the first line of defense, operational teams of business units are responsible for executing relevant risk
management processes and performing self-assessments on risk identification, risk alert and risk control in
relation to internal risks of their respective units. They also report risk events and risk data in accordance with
standard requirements of the Company.

Second line of defense: risk management functions (a virtual organization consisting of Financial
Centre, Legal Department, Security Department and Internal Audit Department – Internal Control
Team)
The risk management functions, as the second line of defense, are responsible for overall coordination of risk
management efforts within the Company, including preparing the overall risk management plan; collecting,
identifying, assessing, addressing and supervising risk information in daily operations; and leading various
types of risk management work within their respective areas of expertise.

Third line of defense: Internal Audit Department – Internal Audit Team and Integrity Team
The independent supervision functions, as the third line of defense, are comprised of Internal Audit
Department – Internal Audit Team and Integrity Team.

The Internal Audit Department – Internal Audit Team has been designated to perform independent supervision
and independent internal audit. This team is responsible for evaluating the effectiveness of the Group’s
risk management processes and internal control system. The Integrity Team is responsible for conducting
independent inspections on compliance and anti-fraud, and assessing the compliance of all employees of the
Group with applicable laws and regulations, and the Company’s internal compliance management system in
their commercial cooperation with external parties and performance of internal duties.

The Internal Audit Department is responsible for submitting regular audit plans and related reports on risk
management and internal control to the Audit Committee for review. It is the responsibility of the Audit
Committee to audit the annual audit plans and review relevant reports on risk management and internal
control.

Each team in the three lines of defense is staffed with experienced professionals. Comprising experienced
professionals in risk control and auditing, the Internal Audit Department was established in January 2015. It
reports to the Audit Committee directly and is responsible for planning audit work, which is presented to the
Audit Committee for review. It also conducts independent audits following a risk-based approach to evaluate
whether the Company’s internal control system is adequate and effective.

Going forward, the Company will continue to dedicate itself to improving its risk management framework
and ability, integrating risk management into its business operation more systematically, and strengthening
the development of a routine risk evaluation mechanism. Meanwhile, the Company will continue to improve
information-based development of its risk control measures, with a view to integrating management
processes such as risk evaluation, risk control and risk oversight into relevant systems using information-based
approaches.
136 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     Main Work of Risk Management and Internal Audit in the Year

     The Company highly values the development of risk management systems, and has been exploring different
     methods to gradually identify and improve its overall risk management mechanism through operating and
     management practices. During the Reporting Period, the Company adopted both qualitative and quantitative
     risk management methodologies to regularly identify, evaluate and address risks that it faced during the
     course of achieving operating targets and enhancing management capability. These measures enabled the risk
     management systems to adapt to characteristics of the internal and external environment that the Company
     faced as it entered a new stage of development. As a result, potential risks were identified in a timely manner,
     for which effective countermeasures were proposed for risk prevention and control, thereby reducing losses
     caused by risk exposure while allowing the Company to capitalize on opportunities amid risk to ensure its
     sustainable, steady and sound development.

     In addition, the Company values the establishment and improvement of internal systems related to corporate
     governance. During the Reporting Period, not only did the Internal Audit Department execute risk-based
     internal audits and review important business areas of the Company and corporate-level matters, it also
     worked with operating units to discuss and rectify weaknesses, with a view to gradually improving internal
     control mechanisms.

     Management will focus on the implementation of previous rectification plans for internal control, regularly
     discuss all internal control matters, as well as design and take corresponding rectification measures as
     appropriate.
                                                                                        2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT             137
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

Management and Disclosure of Material Risks

During the Reporting Period, the Company further sorted out, screened and reprioritized the risks that its
existing businesses and new businesses faced, and established targeted response strategies for various internal
and external risks.

•     Continuously sort out and improve the internal risk control map and carry out special governance
      actions for high-risk areas:

      The Company continuously sorts out and improves the risk control map for its core business areas based
      on business nature, decision-making mechanism, financial information and chains, etc., and constantly
      optimizes multiple mechanisms and processes related to evaluation and decision-making for businesses
      including content and derivatives. In addition, a number of special governance actions have been carried
      out for key businesses or high-risk areas. For example, in the special actions for the film business, the
      Company continues to promote mechanism improvement and process optimization by inspecting the
      decision-making and approval process and procurement, ensuring the sound and effective progress
      of projects at the later stage. The above-mentioned chain risks, problems identification, residual risks
      after rectification, etc. have been continuously updated to the risk control map, and the Company’s
      digitalization level in risk control and capabilities in risk management have been continuously promoted
      through ongoing optimization and iteration.

      On this basis, in order to adapt to organizational changes and meet the management needs of an
      agile organization, the Company has completed phased optimization of the process mechanism and
      improved process efficiency while ensuring compliance, so as to seek a balance between risks and
      flexibility.
138 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     Management and Disclosure of Material Risks (Continued)

     •     Flexibly address external risks, and summarize and list material risks as follows:

           Major External Risks          Description of Risks                Risk Responses

           Industrial policy risks       Failure to release or broadcast     The Company closely monitors
                                         content due to unforeseeable        and stays updated on regulatory
                                         factors of supervision and          development by actively engaging in
                                         review or inappropriate use of      collaborative projects with governing
                                         badly behaved artists may cause     and regulatory bodies. The Company
                                         economic losses, and is likely      adopts a stringent approach when
                                         to arouse consumers’ negative       selecting project themes, promotes
                                         feelings and association, which     positive and aspiring values, with a view
                                         will affect the brand image of      to producing works with distinct themes
                                         the Company.                        that promote positive values.

                                                                             By continually optimizing evaluation
                                                                             and decision-making mechanisms, the
                                                                             Company duly arranges due diligence
                                                                             on artists and avoids cooperating with
                                                                             artists who have negative records. In
                                                                             the event of risks arising from artists,
                                                                             the Company will rely on technical
                                                                             means as remedial measures to reduce
                                                                             negative impacts.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT         139
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

Management and Disclosure of Material Risks (Continued)

•     Flexibly address external risks, and summarize and list material risks as follows: (Continued)

      Major External Risks          Description of Risks                Risk Responses

      Market risks                  With the recovery of the film,      The Company adopts the green
                                    TV, and entertainment market,       committee mechanism to fully conduct
                                    the Company faces certain           assessment and scientifically make
                                    market competition in film          decisions on potential investment and
                                    content production, promotion       production projects;
                                    and distribution. Such conditions
                                    bring about certain uncertainties   To mitigate investment risks, the
                                    in the selection of investment      Company deepens its consideration
                                    projects, performance of content    of commercial interests, such as
                                    release and investment returns.     exit mechanism and early warning
                                    Moreover, the partners may
                                                                        mechanism;
                                    have operation problems due
                                    to their disadvantaged positions
                                                                        The Company actively promotes
                                    in market competition, which
                                    will affect the return of our       independent settlement rights or co-
                                    investment.                         managed account mechanisms, with a
                                                                        view to reducing the risk of payment
                                                                        collection;

                                                                        The Company establishes a credit
                                                                        management mechanism for external
                                                                        partners, including black, white
                                                                        and grey lists to reduce the risks of
                                                                        cooperation and payment collection.
140 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     Management and Disclosure of Material Risks (Continued)

     •     Flexibly address external risks, and summarize and list material risks as follows: (Continued)

           Major External Risks          Description of Risks                Risk Responses

           Legal and                     User data leakage triggers          The Company implements and timely
             compliance risks            personal privacy protection risks   updates user information protection
                                         and regulatory compliance risks     strategies in strict accordance with the
                                                                             requirements of regulatory authorities,
                                                                             including but not limited to permission
                                                                             settings, data disclosure, transmission
                                                                             among platforms, user agreements, etc.

                                         Damage to consumer rights         By continually improving user
                                         may give rise to risks of public  experience (refunds and ticket changes,
                                         discontent and lead to regulatory campaigns, etc.), the Company ensures
                                         penalties for the Company         compliance with the requirements
                                                                           of Consumer Councils and the State
                                                                           Administration for Market Regulation;

                                         Contents and copywriting which      The Company abides by regulatory
                                         involve obscenity, rumor and        requirements and enables quick
                                         defamation, illegality, etc. will   handling through ongoing reviews and
                                         trigger content compliance risks    controls on contents such as videos,
                                                                             platform copywriting and comments.
                                                                                            2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT          141
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

Statement of the Board regarding the Internal Control Responsibility

Through internal control, the Company aims to reasonably ensure that its operations comply with laws and
regulations, its assets remain secure, its financial reports and relevant information are true and complete,
while enhancing operational efficiency and effectiveness, and to facilitate the implementation of development
strategies. Internal control procedures have been established to safeguard assets against unauthorized use or
disposition, to ensure that proper accounting records are maintained to provide reliable financial information
for internal use or publication, while ensuring compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. During
the Reporting Period, the Company conducted a comprehensive review on its internal control system and
reported its findings to the Audit Committee and the Board, and no significant deficiencies were identified.
The Board believes that during the Reporting Period, the existing risk management and internal control system
of the Company was adequate and effective in protecting the interests of the Company and its Shareholders.


External Auditor’s Remuneration

During the Reporting Period, the remuneration paid/payable to the Company’s external auditor, PwC, is set out
as follows:

Services rendered for the Group                                                                 Fee paid/payable

Audit services (including annual audit and interim review)                                          RMB4,430,000
Non-audit services                                                                                             –


Total                                                                                               RMB4,430,000


Handling and Dissemination of Inside Information

The Company has in place a policy for the handling and disclosure of inside information in compliance with
the SFO and the Listing Rules. The policy sets out the procedures and internal controls for the handling and
dissemination of inside information in a timely manner so as to allow all the shareholders and stakeholders to
assess the latest position of the Group.

Under the policy, if an employee is aware of any information which he/she thinks could potentially constitute
inside information, the employee should consult his/her supervisor who should consider whether to report the
matter to the chief financial officer or general counsel of the Company.

Directors regularly attend seminars and/or self-study materials on this subject matter to facilitate their
understanding and compliance with the policy.
142 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Anti-corruption Policy

     The Company does not tolerate any form of bribery, whether direct or indirect, by, or of, its Directors, officers,
     employees, agents or consultants or any persons or companies acting for it or on its behalf. The Company
     adopts the anti-corruption policy in assisting the employees in recognising circumstances which may lead to or
     give the appearance of being involved in corruption or unethical business conduct, so as to avoid such conduct
     which is clearly prohibited, and to promptly seek guidance if necessary.

     The anti-corruption policy will be reviewed on a regular basis, any convicted cases will be reported to the
     Board.


     Whistleblowing Policy

     The Company expects and encourages employees of the Group and those who deal with the Group (e.g.
     suppliers, customers, creditors and debtors) to report to the Company, in confidence, any suspected
     impropriety, misconduct or malpractice concerning the Group. The Company adopts the whistleblowing
     policy to provide reporting channels and guidance on reporting possible improprieties and reassurance to
     whistleblowers of the protection that the Group will extend to them in the formal system.

     The whistleblowing policy will be reviewed on a regular basis, any suspected cases will be reported to the
     Board.


     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     From June 30, 2022 to September 30, 2023, Ms. Chun Ka Yan served as the company secretary of the
     Company. With effect from September 30, 2023, Ms. Chun resigned as the company secretary of the
     Company in order to focus on the other business affairs of Alibaba Group, and the Company appointed Ms.
     Zhang Ying and Ms. Ng Wing Shan as the joint company secretaries of the Company on the same day. Ms.
     Ng Wing Shan was not employee of the Company. Ms. Zhang Ying, the other joint company secretary of the
     Company, is the contact persons at the Company whom Ms. Ng can contact.

     The joint company secretaries report to the chairman of the Company and are responsible for advising the
     Board on governance matters, new director induction and professional development of the Directors as well
     as ensuring good information flow between the Board members and the compliance of the policies and
     procedures of the Board.

     Both Ms. Zhang and Ms. Ng have confirmed that they received relevant professional training of not less than
     15 hours to update their skills and knowledge during the Reporting Period.
                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT           143
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

Pursuant to the Bye-laws, Shareholders holding in aggregate not less than 10% of the paid-up capital of the
Company shall have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the company secretary of the Company,
at 26/F, Tower One, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, to require a special general
meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition and add
resolutions to such meeting agenda, and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit
of such requisition. If within twenty-one days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such
meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may convene such meeting.

Any number of Shareholders representing not less than 5% of the total voting rights of the Company on
the date of the requisition or not less than 100 Shareholders are entitled to put forward a proposal for
consideration at a general meeting of the Company. The Company shall on the requisition of such number
of Shareholders and at the expense of those requisitionists give to the Shareholders notice of any intended
resolution and any statement with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business
to be dealt with at that meeting. Requisitions for putting forward such proposal at a general meeting should
be addressed to the Board or the company secretary at the head office of the Company in Hong Kong;
Shareholders should follow the relevant requirements and procedures as set out in Section 79 of the Bermuda
Companies Act.

Pursuant to the Bye-Laws, if a shareholder, who is qualified to attend and vote at the general meeting, wishes
to propose a person other than a retiring Director for election as a Director at any general meeting, he/she
should deposit a written notice of intention to propose such person for election as a Director together with
a notice signed by the person to be proposed of his/her willingness to be elected and lodge the same at the
head office of the Company in Hong Kong no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice of the
general meeting appointed for such election and no later than seven days prior to the date of such general
meeting.

Detailed procedures for Shareholders to propose a candidate for election as a Director are available on the
Company’s website.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Board recognizes the importance of effective communication with the Shareholders and investors. The
Board has established a shareholders communication policy setting out strategies that the Company has in
place to promote effective communication with its Shareholders with the aim of ensuring Shareholders are
provided with information about the Company and enabling them to engage actively with the Company and
to exercise their rights as Shareholders in an informed manner.

The Company communicates with the Shareholders and investors through various channels including
publication of interim and annual reports, announcements, circulars and other corporate communications and
publications available on the websites of HKEXnews operated by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and/or the
Company.
144 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
     (Continued)

     The Board considers the Company’s general meetings as a valuable channel for it to communicate directly with
     the Shareholders. The Company encourages the participation of the Shareholders through AGMs and other
     general meetings where the Shareholders meet and exchange views with the Board, and to exercise their rights
     to vote at meetings. The chairman of any independent board committee formed as necessary or pursuant to
     the Listing Rules (or if no such chairman is appointed, at least a member of the independent board committee)
     will also be available to answer questions at any general meeting to approve a connected transaction or any
     other transaction that is subject to the independent Shareholders’ approval.

     The Company held its AGM on August 30, 2023 (the “2023 AGM”). At the 2023 AGM, Mr. Fan Luyuan, the
     Chairman and the chief executive officer of the Company, was present and available to answer any questions
     raised by the Shareholders. A separate resolution is proposed by the Chairman on each substantial issue,
     including the election of individual Directors, to be considered at the general meetings.

     The notice to the Shareholders is to be sent at least 21 clear days before the meeting (in case of an AGM)
     and to be sent at least 14 clear days (in case of any other general meeting). An explanation of the detailed
     procedures for conducting a poll is provided to the Shareholders at the commencement of the meeting. The
     Chairman answers any questions from Shareholders regarding voting by way of a poll. The poll results are
     published in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

     Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries to the Board in writing through the company secretary
     to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at 26/F, Tower One, Times Square, 1 Matheson
     Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong. Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general
     meetings of the Company.

     The implementation and effectiveness of the above-mentioned communication policy are reviewed by the
     Board on an annual basis. For the Reporting Period, the Board was of the view that such policy remained
     adequate and effective in that: (a) such policy has provided multiple channels of communications to cater
     for different preferences of the Shareholders or stakeholders, including the Company’s official website to
     disseminate the latest information about the Group (e.g. financial results and reports, announcements and
     circulars) to the Shareholders or stakeholders, correspondence and email addresses for them to communicate
     in writing, as well as telephone number and physical general meetings for them to communicate directly and
     verbally; (b) the Chairman and Board committees, company secretary and/or other professional advisers (if any)
     present at general meetings are available to answer questions raised by the Shareholders; and (c) designated
     officers (i.e. investor relations department and the company secretary) of the Company will be responsible for
     responding promptly to the enquiries or views from the Shareholders or stakeholders.


     CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

     The new Bye-laws was approved and adopted by the Shareholders at the AGM held on August 26, 2022. The
     consolidated version of the memorandum and association and the Bye-laws of the Company is available on the
     websites of the Company and HKEXnews operated by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, respectively. Further
     details of the new Bye-laws was disclosed in the circular of the Company dated July 27, 2022. During the
     Reporting Period, there were no changes in the constitutional documents of the Company.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT             145
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted the dividend policy that, in recommending or declaring dividends, the Company
shall maintain adequate and sufficient cash reserves for meeting its working capital requirements and future
growth as well as its shareholder value. The Board has the full discretion to declare and distribute dividends to
the Shareholders, and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to Shareholders’ approval.

In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall also take into account, among other things, the Group’s
financial results, financial position, cash flow situation, business conditions and strategies, expected future
operations and earnings, capital requirements and expenditure plans, interests of the Shareholders, any
restrictions on payment of dividends and any other factors the Board may consider relevant. Any payment of
the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Bermuda Companies Act, the Bye-
laws and all applicable laws and regulations.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ENHANCEMENT

Enhancing corporate governance is not simply a matter of applying and complying with the CG Code of the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange but about promoting and developing an ethical and healthy corporate culture.
We will continue to review and, where appropriate, improve our current practices based on our experience,
regulatory changes and developments. Any views and suggestions from our Shareholders to promote and
improve our transparency are also welcome.


COMPANY’S CULTURE

The Board believes that corporate culture underpins the long-term business, economic success and sustainable
growth of the Group. A strong culture enables the Company to deliver long-term sustainable performance and
fulfil its role as a responsible corporate citizen.

The Company has steadfastly remained committed to its dual-approach “content + technology” strategy
and has achieved all-rounded interaction among movies, drama series, and offline entertainment. In addition
to producing and presenting diversified and high-quality films and drama series, the Company focuses on
“content” and explores multiple business models to unify upstream and downstream operations, as well as
online and offline channels throughout the industry chain, which allows it to push the boundaries of the film
and television industry successfully.

In addition, with a unique vertical industry chain covering the entire upstream and downstream sectors, the
IP merchandising and commercialization business has become a core business of the Company to expand
the boundaries of the entertainment industry. Riding on its unique “IP2B2C” chain business model, Alibaba
Pictures is committed to promoting the healthy and sustainable development of the entertainment industry
by continuously exploring IP content and building up a service platform and online and offline sales channels
focusing on IPs.

The Board sets and promotes corporate culture and expects and requires all employees to reinforce. All of our
new employees are required to attend orientation and training programs so that they may better understand
our corporate culture, structure and policies, learn relevant laws and regulations, and raise their quality
awareness. In addition, from time to time, the Company will invite external experts to provide training to our
management personnel to improve their relevant knowledge and management skills.

The Board considers that the corporate culture and the purpose, values and strategy of the Group are aligned.
146 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     )

     To the Shareholders of Alibaba Pictures Group Limited
     (incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


     OPINION

     What we have audited

     The consolidated financial statements of Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
     (together the “Group”), which are set out on pages 157 to 271:

     •     the consolidated balance sheet as of 31 March 2024;

     •     the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year then ended;

     •     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

     •     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

     •     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

     •     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information
           and other explanatory information.

     Our opinion

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
     position of the Group as of 31 March 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
     cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
     issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly
     prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT           147
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for
the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.


Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

•      Goodwill impairment assessment
•      Impairment assessment of film and TV rights
•      Impairment assessment of investments accounted for using the equity method
148 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

     Key Audit Matter                                       How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
     Goodwill impairment assessment

     Refer to Note 4(a) to the consolidated financial       Our procedures on management’s goodwill impairment
     statements – Critical accounting estimates and         assessment mainly included:
     judgments and Note 15 – Goodwill and intangible
     assets.                                                •     Assessed the inherent risk of material
                                                                  misstatement by considering the degree of
     As of March 31, 2024, the carrying amount of                 estimation uncertainty and level of other
     the Group’s goodwill is amounted to RMB3,555                 inherent risk factors such as complexity,
     million. The goodwill was allocated to several cash-         subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to
     generating units (“CGUs”).                                   management bias or fraud;

     For the purpose of the annual impairment            •        Understood and evaluated the internal controls
     assessment of goodwill, management determined                relating to management’s assessment on the
     the recoverable amounts of all the Group’s goodwill          impairment of goodwill;
     based on value in use (“VIU”), which is the present
     value of the future cash flows expected to be       •        Evaluated the outcome of prior year
     derived from the Group’s CGUs.                               assessment of goodwill impairment to assess
                                                                  the effectiveness of management’s estimation
     We focus on auditing the impairment of goodwill              process;
     because the estimation of the recoverable amount
     is subject to high degree of estimation uncertainty.   •     Assessed the competency, capability and
     The inherent risk in relation to the impairment              objectivity of the independent external valuer
     assessment of goodwill is considered significant             engaged by the Group for performing the
     due to the subjectivity of significant assumptions           similar impairment assessment projects by
     used including the long-term growth rate, the pre-           assessing its qualifications, relevant experience
     tax discount rates, the forecasted revenue, gross            and relationship with the Group;
     margin, gross merchandise value (“GMV”) and the
     ratio of market promotion expenses to GMV, and         •     Tested the consistency and reasonableness of
     the significant amount of the related balance.               the data used and challenged management’s
                                                                  key assumptions adopted in the future cash flow
                                                                  forecasts, mainly in relation to:

                                                                  –      the long-term growth rate, by comparing
                                                                         them with the relevant economic and
                                                                         industry forecasts, including certain
                                                                         forecasts sourced from external parties;

                                                                  –      the pre-tax discount rates, by comparing
                                                                         them with costs of capital of comparable
                                                                         companies; and

                                                                  –      the forecasted revenue, gross margin,
                                                                         GMV and the ratio of market promotion
                                                                         expenses to GMV, by comparing them
                                                                         with actual historical financial data of
                                                                         these CGUs. For the growth rate of GMV
                                                                         and the forecasted revenue, we also
                                                                         compared to future market growth rate
                                                                         as forecasted and sourced from external
                                                                         parties.
                                                                             2023/24 年度報告
                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT             149
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Goodwill impairment assessment (Continued)

                                             •     Involved our internal valuation expert in
                                                   assessing the appropriateness of certain
                                                   significant assumptions used and the valuation
                                                   methodology used;

                                             •     Tested the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                   calculations of the recoverable amounts of these
                                                   CGUs;

                                             •     Focusing on those few key assumptions to
                                                   which the calculation was most sensitive, we
                                                   evaluated management’s sensitivity analysis
                                                   over the revenue growth rate, terminal growth
                                                   rate and pre-tax discount rate as adopted in the
                                                   impairment test so as to assess the potential
                                                   implication on the results of the impairment test
                                                   for changes of assumptions within a reasonable
                                                   range; and

                                             •     Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related
                                                   to goodwill impairment assessment in the
                                                   context of HKFRSs.

                                             Based on the above, we considered that the significant
                                             judgments and estimates made by management were
                                             supportable by the evidence obtained and procedures
                                             performed.
150 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

     Key Audit Matter                                     How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
     Impairment assessment of film and TV rights

     Refer to Note 4(b) to the consolidated financial     Regarding management’s estimated future net cash
     statements – Critical accounting estimates and       inflows for impairment assessment of the film and TV
     judgments and Note 19 – Film and TV rights and       rights, we performed the following procedures:
     investments.
                                                          •     Assessed the inherent risk of material
     As of March 31, 2024, the net book value of the            misstatement by considering the degree of
     Group’s film and TV rights amounted to RMB2,221            estimation uncertainty and level of other
     million. An impairment loss of RMB205 million was          inherent risk factors such as complexity,
     recognized during the year ended March 31, 2024.           subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to
                                                                management bias or fraud;
     Management exercised significant judgment in
                                                           •    Understood and evaluated the design and
     assessing the impairment of film and TV rights. In
                                                                operating effectiveness of the internal controls
     making such assessment, management considered
                                                                over the impairment assessment of film and TV
     all factors that may affect the future production
                                                                rights;
     plans and distribution plans, and exercised judgment
     in developing its expectation for the future net cash •    Evaluated the outcome of prior year impairment
     flows from these film and TV rights.                       assessment of film and TV rights to assess the
                                                                effectiveness of management’s estimation
     We focus on auditing the impairment of film and            process by comparing the carrying amount in
     TV rights because the estimation of the recoverable        the prior period against the respective actual
     amount is subject to high degree of estimation             performance during the year, if any;
     uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation to the
     impairment assessment of film and TV rights is       •     For film and TV rights which production has
     considered significant due to the subjectivity of          yet to be completed, we performed specific
     significant assumptions used including the estimated       procedures, on a sample basis by:
     revenue, the distribution costs and other cost
     information, and the significant amount of the             –      examining the purchase contracts to
     related balance.                                                  check the validity of the purchased
                                                                       copyrights, discussed with the
                                                                       management to understand their future
                                                                       production plans and distribution
                                                                       plans and examined related production
                                                                       contracts, if any, to corroborate with
                                                                       these plans, which are the basis of future
                                                                       cash flow projections; and

                                                                –      inquiring with management about
                                                                       the major crew members and their
                                                                       background, experience and profile,
                                                                       and performed relevant search through
                                                                       external sources on media coverage on
                                                                       the related popularity of the original
                                                                       creators of the copyrights and the
                                                                       contents and topics of the film/TV
                                                                       dramas in production to corroborate
                                                                       with management’s production and
                                                                       distribution plans.
                                                                              2023/24 年度報告
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT            151
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Impairment assessment of film and TV rights
(Continued)

                                              •     For film and TV rights which production has
                                                    been completed, we checked the existence
                                                    of the distribution licenses for screening of
                                                    the films and broadcasting of the TV dramas
                                                    through public and official website of the
                                                    National Radio and Television Administration;

                                              •     Discussed with management to understand the
                                                    basis of the estimated cash flow projections;

                                              •     Evaluated the reasonableness of the estimated
                                                    revenue, the distribution costs and other cost
                                                    information prepared by management on a
                                                    sample basis by:

                                                    –      examining the signed sales contracts of
                                                           film and TV dramas, if any; and

                                                    –      comparing the estimated box office, the
                                                           budgeted distribution and other costs of
                                                           films or sales information of TV dramas
                                                           with historical data of comparable films
                                                           or TV dramas invested by the Group.

                                              •     Tested the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                    calculations of the estimated future net cash
                                                    flows of films and TV rights on a sample basis;
                                                    and

                                              •     Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related
                                                    to film and TV rights impairment assessment in
                                                    the context of HKFRSs.

                                              Based on the above, we considered that the significant
                                              judgments and estimates made by management were
                                              supportable by the evidence obtained and procedures
                                              performed.
152 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

     Key Audit Matter                                      How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

     Impairment assessment of investments
     accounted for using the equity method

     Refer to Note 4(c) to the consolidated financial      Our procedures on the impairment assessment of the
     statements – Critical accounting estimates and        investments accounted for using the equity method
     judgments and Note 13 – Investments accounted         mainly included:
     for using the equity method.
                                                           •     Assessed the inherent risk of material
     As of March 31, 2024, the net book value of the             misstatement by considering the degree of
     Group’s investments accounted for using the                 estimation uncertainty and level of other
     equity method amounted to RMB1,672 million. An              inherent risk factors such as complexity,
     impairment loss of RMB113 million was recognized            subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to
     during the year ended March 31, 2024.                       management bias or fraud;

     Investments accounted for using the equity method     •     Understood and evaluated the design and
     were subject to impairment assessment when there            operating effectiveness of the internal controls
     was an indication of impairment. In carrying out            over assessing the impairment of investments
     the impairment assessment, significant judgments            accounted for using the equity method;
     were required to estimate the recoverable amounts,
     which was the higher of its fair value less costs     •     Evaluated the outcome of prior year impairment
     of disposals and its VIU. These judgments were              assessment of investments accounted for using
     exercised in making the assumptions, such as the            the equity method to assess the effectiveness of
     long-term growth rates, the pre-tax discount rates,         management’s estimation process;
     the forecasted revenue, gross margin, selection of
     comparable companies and liquidity discount for       •     Involved our internal valuation expert in
     lack of marketability.                                      assessing the appropriateness of certain
                                                                 significant assumptions used and the valuation
     We focus on auditing the impairment assessment of           methodology used;
     investments accounted for using the equity method
     because the estimation of the recoverable amount      •     In respect of the impairment assessments of
     is subject to high degree of estimation uncertainty.        investments accounted for using the equity
     The inherent risk in relation to the impairment             method applying discounted cash flows, we
     assessment of investments accounted for using the           assessed the key assumptions adopted including
     equity method is considered significant due to the          the long-term growth rate, by comparing it with
     subjectivity of significant assumptions used, and the       the relevant economic forecasts; the pre-tax
     significant amount of the related balance.                  discount rates, by comparing the rates used by
                                                                 the Group to those of comparable companies;
                                                                 the forecasted revenue and gross margin, by
                                                                 comparing them with actual historical financial
                                                                 data and market data;
                                                                                        2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT            153
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

 Key Audit Matter                                      How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Impairment assessment of investments
 accounted for using the equity method
 (Continued)

                                                       •      In respect of the impairment assessments of
                                                              investments accounted for using the equity
                                                              method applying market approach, we assessed
                                                              the key assumptions adopted including the
                                                              selection of comparable companies and liquidity
                                                              discount for lack of marketability, etc.

                                                       •      Tested the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                              calculations in the recoverable amounts of the
                                                              investments; and

                                                       •      Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related
                                                              to impairment assessment of investments
                                                              accounted for using the equity method in the
                                                              context of HKFRSs.

                                                       Based on the above, we considered that the significant
                                                       judgments and estimates made by management were
                                                       supportable by the evidence obtained and procedures
                                                       performed.


OTHER INFORMATION

The Directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all
of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
154 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
     give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of
     the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to
     enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
     due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
     ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
     the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
     operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
     whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
     that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of
     the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards
     or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level
     of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a
     material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
     if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
     users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT             155
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
      due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
      a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
      involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
      that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
      effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
      estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
      based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
      conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
      conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
      the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
      to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
      auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
      going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
      including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
      transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
      business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
      are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
      responsible for our audit opinion.
156 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
     of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
     identify during our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
     may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
     threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
     key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
     disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
     be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
     to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ng Ping Fai.




     PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Certified Public Accountants

     Hong Kong, May 29, 2024
                                                                                      2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT               157
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                                       March 31,
                                                                                     2024             2023
                                                                    Note          RMB’000          RMB’000

Revenue                                                               5          5,035,713        3,500,553
Cost of sales and services                                            8         (3,018,670)      (2,383,564)

Gross profit                                                                     2,017,043        1,116,989
Selling and marketing expenses                                        8           (710,002)        (348,315)
Administrative expenses                                               8           (977,868)        (737,328)
(Impairment losses)/reversal of impairment losses on
   financial assets, net                                           3.1(b)          (52,635)              56
Other income                                                         6              57,366           48,614
Other losses, net                                                    7             (24,224)        (283,155)

Operating profit/(loss)                                                            309,680         (203,139)

Finance income                                                       10            182,614          117,107
Finance expenses                                                     10               (781)          (1,022)
Finance income, net                                                                181,833          116,085
Share of loss of investments accounted for using the
   equity method                                                     13            (78,616)         (39,472)
Impairment of investments accounted for using the
   equity method                                                     13           (112,552)        (127,589)

Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                    300,345         (254,115)
Income tax credit                                                    11             58,610              415

Profit/(loss) from continuing operations                                           358,955         (253,700)

Loss from discontinued operations                                    35            (61,486)         (25,207)

Profit/(loss) for the year                                                         297,469         (278,907)


Profit/(loss) attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                              284,790         (291,132)
Non-controlling interests                                                           12,679           12,225


Profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company:
Continuing operations                                                              334,583         (273,521)
Discontinued operations                                                            (49,793)         (17,611)


Earnings/(loss) per share attributable to owners of
  the Company for the year
  (expressed in RMB cents per share)                                 12

– Basic                                                                                1.03              (1.09)
– Diluted                                                                              1.03              (1.09)

The above consolidated statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.
158 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                          March 31,
                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                        Note         RMB’000           RMB’000

     Profit/(loss) for the year                                                       297,469          (278,907)

     Other comprehensive income:
     Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
     Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of associates           13              6,120            (4,958)
     Currency translation differences attributable to owners of the
        Company                                                                       110,996          151,657
     Items that may not be reclassified to profit or loss
     Currency translation differences attributable to non-controlling
        interests                                                                       1,158             2,256


     Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                              118,274          148,955


     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                   415,743          (129,952)


     Attributable to:
     – Owners of the Company                                                          401,906          (144,433)
     – Non-controlling interests                                                       13,837            14,481


     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                   415,743          (129,952)


     Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to
       equity holders of the company arising from:

     – Continuing operations                                                          451,699          (126,822)
     – Discontinued operations                                                        (49,793)          (17,611)


                                                                                      401,906          (144,433)


     The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
     accompanying notes.
                                                                    2023/24 年度報告
                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT           159
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                                                  As of March 31,
                                                                   2024           2023
                                                        Note    RMB’000        RMB’000

Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                           14         38,423        17,517
Investment properties                                   17        443,546        20,238
Goodwill                                                15      3,554,882     3,551,116
Intangible assets                                       15        234,004        99,750
Right-of-use assets                                     16          6,566       115,509
Deferred income tax assets                              28         94,718        14,003
Investments accounted for using the equity method       13      1,672,220     1,827,249
Film and TV rights and investments                      19          2,894       141,375
Bank deposits with the maturity over one year           23      1,217,522       300,880
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   18        700,629       760,321
Trade and other receivables, and prepayments            21        400,820       222,111


                                                                8,366,224     7,070,069


Current assets
Inventories                                             22         31,100        38,744
Film and TV rights and investments                      19      2,228,853     1,834,661
Trade and other receivables, and prepayments            21      3,412,739     2,706,499
Structured deposits                                     18        706,196             –
Cash and cash equivalents                               23      4,413,697     3,919,526
Bank deposits with the maturity over three months       23      2,296,932             –
Restricted cash                                         23          4,159           2,139


                                                               13,093,676     8,501,569


Total assets                                                   21,459,900    15,571,638


Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Deferred income tax liabilities                         28        56,925         48,373
Lease liabilities                                       16        58,408        118,566


                                                                 115,333        166,939
160 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                                                                          As of March 31,
                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                Note    RMB’000          RMB’000

     Current liabilities
     Trade and other payables, and accrued charges                               27     5,094,022       1,083,571
     Contract liabilities                                                         5       415,029         170,405
     Current tax liabilities                                                                1,089             261
     Lease liabilities                                                           16         5,897          27,201
     Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                             7,650          13,050


                                                                                        5,523,687       1,294,488


     Total liabilities                                                                  5,639,020       1,461,427


     Equity
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company
     Share capital                                                               24     6,026,151       5,452,976
     Reserves                                                                    26     9,696,245       8,616,859


                                                                                       15,722,396      14,069,835
     Non-controlling interests                                                             98,484          40,376


     Total equity                                                                      15,820,880      14,110,211


     Total equity and liabilities                                                      21,459,900      15,571,638


     The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

     The financial statements on pages 157 to 271 were approved by the Board of Directors on May 29, 2024 and
     were signed on its behalf by:

     Fan Luyuan                                                   Meng Jun
     Executive Director & Chairman                                Executive Director
                                                                                                                                                               2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT                             161
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                                   Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                   Shares held
                                                                     for share                  Shareholder’s                  Share-based                                         Non-
                                             Share        Share         award         Other      contribution   Translation    Compensation    Accumulated                   controlling
                                            capital    premium         scheme       reserve           reserve       reserve         reserve          losses         Total      interests        Total
                                   Note    RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


For the year ended
  March 31, 2023
As of April 1, 2022                       5,452,976   13,423,271      (233,757)   (1,071,020)         48,527       (248,885)       350,359       (3,704,364)   14,017,107        25,895    14,043,002


Loss for the year                                 –            –             –             –                –              –              –       (291,132)      (291,132)       12,225      (278,907)
Other comprehensive income
  for the year                                    –            –             –             –                –      146,699                –               –      146,699          2,256      148,955


Total comprehensive loss for
  the year                                        –            –             –             –                –      146,699                –       (291,132)      (144,433)       14,481      (129,952)
Share of other reserves of
  investments accounted for
  using the equity method          13             –            –             –        1,481                 –              –              –               –         1,481             –         1,481
Shares purchased for share
  award scheme                                    –            –        (4,473)            –                –              –              –               –        (4,473)            –        (4,473)
Shares vested under share
  award scheme                                    –            –       29,339              –                –              –        (29,339)              –             –             –             –
Value of employee services
  provided under share option
  scheme and share award
  scheme                           25             –            –             –             –                –              –       136,385                –      136,385              –      136,385
Value of employee services
  provided in relation to share-
  based payment transactions
  with ultimate parent             25             –            –             –             –                –              –         67,818               –       67,818              –       67,818
Value of share-based
  compensation allocated to
  ultimate parent                  25             –            –             –       (10,216)               –              –         10,216               –             –             –             –
Settlement of share-based
  compensation cost with
  ultimate parent                                 –            –             –        (4,050)               –              –              –               –        (4,050)            –        (4,050)


As of March 31, 2023                      5,452,976   13,423,271      (208,891)   (1,083,805)         48,527       (102,186)       535,439       (3,995,496)   14,069,835        40,376    14,110,211
162 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                      Shares held
                                                                        for share               Shareholder’s            Share-based                                       Non-
                                                  Share         Share      award          Other contribution Translation Compensation Accumulated                    controlling
                                                 capital     premium      scheme        reserve      reserve     reserve     reserve        losses         Total       interests      Total
                                         Note   RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

     For the year ended
       March 31, 2024
     As of April 1, 2023                        5,452,976   13,423,271    (208,891)   (1,083,805)      48,527      (102,186)   535,439     (3,995,496) 14,069,835        40,376    14,110,211

     Profit for the year                                –            –           –             –            –             –           –      284,790      284,790        12,679      297,469
     Other comprehensive income
       for the year                                     –            –           –             –            –       117,116           –            –      117,116         1,158      118,274


     Total comprehensive income
        for the year                                    –            –           –             –            –       117,116           –      284,790      401,906        13,837      415,743
     Share of other reserves of
        investments accounted for
        using the equity method          13             –            –           –          (471)           –             –           –            –         (471)            –          (471)
     Shares purchased for share
        award scheme                                    –            –      (1,733)            –            –             –           –            –       (1,733)            –        (1,733)
     Shares vested under share
        award scheme                                    –            –    111,187              –            –             –    (111,187)           –            –             –             –
     Issue of ordinary shares as
        consideration for a business
        combination, net of
        transaction costs and tax        36      573,175      619,029            –             –            –             –           –            –    1,192,204             –     1,192,204
     Value of employee services
        provided under share option
        scheme and share award
        scheme                           25             –            –           –             –            –             –     84,393             –       84,393             –       84,393
     Value of employee services
        provided in relation to share-
        based payment transactions
        with ultimate parent             25             –            –           –             –            –             –     35,881             –       35,881             –       35,881
     Value of share-based
        compensation allocated to
        ultimate parent                  25             –            –           –        (9,046)           –             –       9,046            –            –             –             –
     Settlement of share-based
        compensation cost with
        ultimate parent                  25             –            –           –       (51,188)           –             –           –            –      (51,188)            –       (51,188)
     Transactions with non-
        controlling interests                           –            –           –             –            –             –           –       (8,431)      (8,431)        3,931       (4,500)
     Discontinued operations                            –            –           –             –            –             –           –            –            –        43,757       43,757
     Dividends paid to non-
        controlling interests                           –            –           –             –            –             –           –            –            –        (3,417)       (3,417)


     As of March 31, 2024                       6,026,151   14,042,300     (99,437)   (1,144,510)      48,527        14,930    553,572     (3,719,137) 15,722,396        98,484    15,820,880


     The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
     notes.
                                                                                2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT           163
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                             For the year ended
                                                                                  March 31,
                                                                               2024            2023
                                                                   Note     RMB’000         RMB’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operating activities                           30(a)     869,021        582,102
Income tax paid                                                              (46,830)        (1,738)


Net cash inflow from operating activities                                    822,191        580,364

Cash flows from investing activities:
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                          2,075,208               –
Principal received on investments in structured deposits                   1,100,000      1,200,000
Interest received                                                            149,879        109,566
Proceeds from derecognition of unlisted investments                           11,500          2,053
Investment interest received on structured deposits                            6,459          8,700
Proceeds from loan repayment of a joint venture                                6,000              –
Proceeds from loan repayment of a third party                                  2,000              –
Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries                                           965              –
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                          940          1,354
Amount received in relation to the restructuring of an associate                   –         38,883
Principal received on investments in wealth management products                    –         13,500
Investment interest received on investments in wealth
   management products                                                              –             63
Payment for bank deposits with the maturity over three months              (2,254,330)             –
Payment for bank deposits with the maturity over one year                    (700,000)      (300,000)
Purchases of structured deposits                                             (500,000)    (1,200,000)
Loans granted to third parties                                               (185,496)       (79,170)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment and
   investment properties                                                       (9,792)        (9,573)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                  (2,091)          (285)
Purchases of wealth management products                                             –        (13,500)
Payment of acquisition of a subsidiary                                              –         (3,000)
Capital injection in equity investments                                             –         (1,375)


Net cash outflow from investing activities                                  (298,758)       (232,784)
164 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                           March 31,
                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

     Cash flows from financing activities:
     Payment of share-based compensation cost with ultimate parent                     (46,828)          (2,508)
     Principal and interests elements of lease payments                                (37,072)         (31,950)
     Transaction with non-controlling interests                                         (4,500)               –
     Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                        (3,417)               –
     Shares purchased for share award scheme                                            (1,733)          (4,473)
     Repayment of borrowings                                                                 –           (9,375)
     Interest paid                                                                           –              (15)


     Net cash outflow from financing activities                                        (93,550)         (48,321)

     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                         429,883         299,259
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                              3,919,526       3,538,214
     Exchange effect on cash and cash equivalents                                       64,288          82,053


     Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                    4,413,697       3,919,526


     The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT             165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”, each,
    a “Group Entity”) form an integrated platform with content and technology as the core, covering
    content production, promotion and distribution, IP merchandising licensing and commercial
    management, cinema and entertainment event ticketing management, and Internet data services for
    the entertainment industry.

    The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its registered office
    is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton, Pembroke, HM 11, Bermuda.

    The shares of the Company are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
    Exchange”). As of March 31, 2024, the Company is approximately 54.26% owned by Alibaba Group
    Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”), of which 13,488,058,846 shares are held by Ali CV Investment
    Holding Limited (“Ali CV”) and 2,513,028,847 shares are held by Alibaba Investment Limited (“AIL”).
    Ali CV is a wholly-owned subsidiary of AIL which is in turn wholly-owned by Alibaba Holding.

    On November 30, 2023, the Group completed the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of Pony
    Media Holdings Inc. (“Pony Media”) from AIL (the “Acquisition”). Upon completion of the Acquisition,
    Pony Media became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group. Pony Media and its subsidiaries operate
    under the trade name “Damai” (“Damai”), which is a leading provider of live performances, including
    concerts, musical festivals, live house performances, plays, sports events and exhibitions in the PRC, and
    established the “Damai Brand”.

    These consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.


2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements
    are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless
    otherwise stated.


    2.1    Basis of preparation and change in accounting policies

           The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong
           Kong Financial Reporting Standards (HKFRS) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
           Public Accountants and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
           Cap. 622.

           HKFRS comprise the following authoritative literature:

           •      Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards

           •      Hong Kong Accounting Standards

           •      Interpretations developed by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
166 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.1   Basis of preparation and change in accounting policies (Continued)

               The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following:

               •      certain financial assets and liabilities – measured at fair value or revalued amount.

               During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company decided to dispose one of its subsidiaries
               operating the film screening business. Accordingly, this operation is considered as discontinued
               operations during the year ended March 31, 2024 and the related revenue, expenses and
               income tax are presented as a single amount in the statement of profit or loss under “Loss from
               discontinued operations”. Comparative figures are also reclassified for consistent presentation
               purpose.

               (a)    New and amended standards adopted by the Group

                      The Group has applied the following new and amended standards for its annual reporting
                      period commencing April 1, 2023:

                      •      HKFRS 17 Insurance Contracts

                      •      Definition of Accounting Estimates – amendments to HKAS 8

                      •      International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules – amendments to HKAS 12

                      •      Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction –
                             amendments to HKAS 12

                      •      Disclosure of Accounting Policies – Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice
                             Statement 2.

                      Except for the Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                      Transaction – Amendments to HKAS 12, the amendments listed above did not have any
                      impact on the amounts recognized in prior periods or current period and are not expected
                      to significantly affect future periods.
                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT            167
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.1   Basis of preparation and change in accounting policies (Continued)

          (a)   New and amended standards adopted by the Group (Continued)

                The amendments to HKAS 12 Income Taxes require the recognition of deferred tax assets
                (to the extent that it is probable that they can be utilised) and deferred tax liabilities at
                the beginning of the earliest comparative period for all deductible and taxable temporary
                differences associated with right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The Group therefore
                changed its accounting policies as a result of adopting this amendment to HKAS 12. The
                Group elected to adopt the new rules retrospectively but recognized the cumulative effect
                of initially applying the new standard on April 1, 2023. There was no impact on retained
                earnings on April 1, 2023.

                                                                                Year ended March 31,
                                                                                       2024             2023

                Deferred income tax assets                                          16,137            28,845
                Deferred income tax liabilities                                    (16,137)          (28,845)


          (b)   New and amended standards and interpretations not yet adopted

                                                                                              Effective for
                                                                                        accounting periods
                                                                                             beginning on
                                                                                                   or after

                Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current –
                  Amendments to HKAS 1                                                        January 1, 2024
                Non-current Liabilities with Covenants – Amendments to HKAS 1                 January 1, 2024
                Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback – Amendments to HKFRS 16              January 1, 2024
                Supplier finance arrangements – Amendments to HKAS 7 and
                  HKFRS 7                                                                     January 1, 2024
                Sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate
                  or joint venture – Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                    To be determined

                Certain new accounting standards, amendments to accounting standards and
                interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for March 31, 2024 reporting
                periods and have not been early adopted by the Group. These standards, amendments or
                interpretations are not expected to have a material impact on the entity in the current or
                future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.
168 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.2   Summary of material accounting policies

               2.2.1 Subsidiaries

                     2.2.1.1 Consolidation

                            Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has
                            control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights
                            to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect
                            those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries
                            are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They
                            are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                            Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between
                            group companies are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the
                            transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. When
                            necessary, amounts reported by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform with
                            the Group’s accounting policies.

                            Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown
                            separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, statement of
                            comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and balance sheet
                            respectively.

                            (a)     Control over subsidiaries arising from contractual arrangements

                                    As at March 31, 2024, the Group’s wholly-owned subsidiaries have entered
                                    into certain contractual arrangements (the “Contractual Arrangements”)
                                    with 中聯京華文化傳播(北京)有限公司 (“Zhonglian Jinghua”), 北京阿
                                    里淘影視文化有限公司 (“Beijing Ali Tao”), 上海淘票票影視文化有限
                                    公司(“Shanghai Tao Piao Piao”), 北京大麥文化傳播有限公司 (“Damai
                                    Chuanbo”),青島金麥網路科技有限公司 (“Qingdao Jinmai”) and 北京大麥
                                    文化傳媒發展有限公司 (“Damai Chuanmei”) (together, Zhonglian Jinghua,
                                    Beijing Ali Tao, Shanghai Tao Piao Piao, Damai Chuanbo, Qingdao Jinmai
                                    and Damai Chuanmei are referred to as the “OPCOs”) respectively, and
                                    their equity holders, which enable the Group to:

                                    –        exercise effective financial and operational control over the OPCOs;

                                    –        exercise equity holders’ voting rights of the OPCOs;

                                    –        receive substantially all of the economic interest returns generated by
                                             the OPCOs.
                                                                                     2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT         169
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

          2.2.1 Subsidiaries (Continued)

                2.2.1.1 Consolidation (Continued)

                      (a)    Control over subsidiaries arising from contractual arrangements (Continued)

                             The Group does not have any equity interest in the OPCOs. However, as
                             a result of the Contractual Arrangements, the Group has rights to receive
                             variable returns from its involvement with the OPCOs and has the ability to
                             affect those returns through its power over the OPCOs and is considered
                             to control the OPCOs. Consequently, the Company regards the OPCOs
                             as indirect subsidiaries under HKFRS 10. The Group has consolidated the
                             financial position and results of the OPCOs in the consolidated financial
                             statements of the Group.

                             Nevertheless, the Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective as
                             direct legal ownership in providing the Group with direct control over the
                             OPCOs and uncertainties presented by the People’s Republic of China (the
                             “PRC”) legal system could impede the Group’s beneficiary rights of the
                             results, assets and liabilities of the OPCOs. The Directors of the Company,
                             based on the advice of its legal counsel, consider that the Contractual
                             Arrangements are in compliance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations
                             and are legally binding and enforceable.

                      (b)    Business combinations

                             The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business
                             combinations, regardless of whether equity instruments or other assets are
                             acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary
                             comprises the:

                             •      fair values of the assets transferred,

                             •      liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business,

                             •      equity interests issued by the Group,

                             •      fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent
                                    consideration arrangement, and

                             •      fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.
170 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

               2.2.1 Subsidiaries (Continued)

                     2.2.1.1 Consolidation (Continued)

                           (b)    Business combinations (Continued)

                                  Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed
                                  in a business combination are, with limited exceptions, measured initially
                                  at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognizes any non-
                                  controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition
                                  basis either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate
                                  share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets.

                                  Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                                  The excess of the:

                                  •      consideration transferred,

                                  •      amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and

                                  •      acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the
                                         acquired entity

                                  over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as
                                  goodwill. If those amounts are less than the fair value of the net identifiable
                                  assets acquired, the difference is recognized directly in profit or loss as a
                                  bargain purchase.

                                  Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts
                                  payable in the future are discounted to their present value as of the date
                                  of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental borrowing
                                  rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an
                                  independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent
                                  consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts
                                  classified as a financial liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value
                                  with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

                                  If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date
                                  carrying value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the
                                  acquiree is re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date; any gains or
                                  losses arising from such re-measurement are recognized in profit or loss.
                                                                                      2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT             171
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

          2.2.1 Subsidiaries (Continued)

                2.2.1.2 Separate financial statements

                       Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes
                       direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for
                       by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                       Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a
                       dividend from these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive
                       income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying
                       amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the carrying
                       amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets
                       including goodwill.

          2.2.2 Associates and joint arrangements

                (a)    Associates

                       An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence but not
                       control, generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the
                       voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method
                       of accounting (see (c) below), after initially being recognized at cost.

                (b)    Joint arrangements

                       Under HKFRS 11 Joint Arrangements, investments in joint arrangements are
                       classified as either joint operations or joint ventures. The classification depends
                       on the contractual rights and obligations of each investor, rather than the legal
                       structure of the joint arrangement. The Group has assessed the nature of its
                       joint arrangements and determined them to be joint ventures. Joint ventures
                       are accounted for using the equity method (see (c) below), after initially being
                       recognized at cost.
172 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

               2.2.2 Associates and joint arrangements (Continued)

                     (c)   Equity method

                           Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognized at
                           cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the post-acquisition
                           profits or losses of the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of
                           movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in other comprehensive
                           income (“OCI”). Dividends received or receivable from associates and joint ventures
                           are recognized as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

                           When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals
                           or exceeds its interest in the entity, including any other unsecured long-term
                           receivables, the Group does not recognize further losses, unless it has incurred
                           obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

                           The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in
                           accordance with the policy described in Note 2.2.7.

                           Gains or losses on dilution of equity interest in associates are recognized in the
                           consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                           Unrealized gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint
                           ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities.
                           Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of
                           an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted
                           investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the
                           policies adopted by the Group.
                                                                                    2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT            173
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

          2.2.2 Associates and joint arrangements (Continued)

                (d)   Changes in ownership interests

                      When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment
                      because of a loss of control, joint control or significant influence, any retained
                      interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in carrying
                      amount recognized in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the initial carrying
                      amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as
                      an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously
                      recognized in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted
                      for as if the group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This
                      may mean that amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income
                      are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as
                      specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.

          2.2.3 Segment reporting

                Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting
                provided to the chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker,
                who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating
                segments, has been identified as the Board of Directors of the Company that makes
                strategic decisions.

          2.2.4 Foreign currency translation

                (a)   Functional and presentation currency

                      Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are
                      measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the
                      entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated financial statements
                      are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional currency and the Group’s
                      presentation currency.
174 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

               2.2.4 Foreign currency translation (Continued)

                     (b)   Transactions and balances

                           Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the
                           exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items
                           are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
                           of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of
                           monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized
                           in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, except when deferred in equity as
                           qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges.

                           Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of
                           profit or loss within ‘finance income’ or ‘finance expenses’.

                     (c)   Group companies

                           The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the
                           currency of a hyper-inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different
                           from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as
                           follows:

                           (i)    Assets and liabilities for each financial statements presented are translated
                                  at the closing rate at the date of that financial statements;

                           (ii)   income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss are translated
                                  at average exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable
                                  approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                                  transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the
                                  rate on the dates of the transactions); and
                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT               175
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

          2.2.4 Foreign currency translation (Continued)

                (c)    Group companies (Continued)

                       (iii)   all resulting currency translation differences are recognized in other
                               comprehensive income.

                               On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any
                               net investment in foreign entities, and of borrowings and other financial
                               instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are recognized
                               in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any
                               borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated
                               exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or
                               loss on sale.

                               Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign
                               entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated
                               at the closing rate. Currency translation differences arising are recognized in
                               other comprehensive income.

          2.2.5 Investment properties

                Investment properties, a serviced apartment and office buildings, are held for long-
                term rental yields. Investment property is initially measured at cost, including related
                transaction costs. Depreciation on investment property is calculated using the straight-line
                method to allocate the cost to residual values over 7 to 20 years.

          2.2.6 Goodwill and intangible assets

                (a)    Goodwill

                       Goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the
                       consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
                       acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the
                       acquiree over the fair value of the identified net assets acquired.
176 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

               2.2.6 Goodwill and intangible assets (Continued)

                     (a)   Goodwill (Continued)

                           For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business
                           combination is allocated to each of the cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups
                           of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Each
                           unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest
                           level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management
                           purposes. Goodwill is monitored at the operating segment level.

                           Goodwill impairment tests are undertaken annually or more frequently if events
                           or changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of
                           goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in
                           use (“VIU”) and the fair value less costs of disposal (“FVLCD”). Any impairment is
                           recognized immediately as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.

                     (b)   Licences

                           Separately acquired licences are shown at historical cost. Licences acquired in a
                           business combination are recognized at fair value at the acquisition date.

                           Licences for production and distribution of television drama series, television
                           programs and films in the PRC have indefinite useful lives. The renewal of these
                           licences are subject to the approval of the relevant bureau. In the opinion of
                           the Directors of the Company, the renewal of these licences will continue to be
                           approved with minimal costs and accordingly, they are deemed to have indefinite
                           lives. These intangible assets will not be amortized until their useful lives are
                           determined to be finite. Instead they will be tested for impairment annually and
                           whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired (Note 2.2.7).

                           Licences with a finite useful life are related to ticketing systems, which are carried
                           at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is calculated using the
                           straight-line method to allocate the cost of licences over their estimated useful
                           lives of 15 years.
                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT           177
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

          2.2.6 Goodwill and intangible assets (Continued)

                (c)    Contractual customer relationships

                       Contractual customer relationships acquired in a business combination are
                       recognized at fair value at the acquisition date. The contractual customer
                       relationships have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated
                       amortization. Amortization is calculated using the straight-line method over the
                       expected life of 12 years.

                (d)    Patent
                       Patent acquired in a business combination are recognized at fair value at the
                       acquisition date. The patent have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less
                       accumulated amortization. Amortization is calculated using the straight-line
                       method over the expected life of 10 years.

                (e)    Brand name

                       Brand name acquired in a business combination are recognized at fair value at the
                       acquisition date. The brand name have a finite useful life and are carried at cost
                       less accumulated amortization. Amortization is calculated using the straight-line
                       method over the expected life of 10 years.

                (f)    Other intangible assets

                       Separately acquired other intangible assets are shown at historical cost. Other
                       intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized at fair value at
                       the acquisition date.

                       Other intangible assets have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less
                       accumulated amortization. Amortization is calculated using the straight-line
                       method to allocate the cost of intangible assets over their estimated useful lives of
                       3 to 11 years.

          2.2.7 Impairment of non-financial assets

                Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to
                amortisation and are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or
                changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets are tested
                for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by
                which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable
                amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. For
                the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which
                there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash
                inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets
                other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the
                impairment at the end of each reporting period.
178 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

               2.2.8 Non-current assets (or disposal groups) held for sale and discontinued operations

                     Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying
                     amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through
                     continuing use and a sale is considered highly probable. They are measured at the
                     lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell, except for assets such as
                     deferred tax assets, assets arising from employee benefits, financial assets and investment
                     properties that are carried at fair value and contractual rights under insurance contracts,
                     which are specifically exempt from this requirement.

                     An impairment loss is recognized for any initial or subsequent write-down of the asset
                     (or disposal group) to fair value less costs to sell. A gain is recognized for any subsequent
                     increases in fair value less costs to sell of an asset (or disposal group), but not in excess
                     of any cumulative impairment loss previously recognized. A gain or loss not previously
                     recognized by the date of the sale of the non-current asset (or disposal group) is
                     recognized at the date of derecognition.

                     Non-current assets (including those that are part of a disposal group) are not depreciated
                     or amortised while they are classified as held for sale. Interest and other expenses
                     attributable to the liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for sale continue to be
                     recognized.

                     Non-current assets classified as held for sale and the assets of a disposal group classified
                     as held for sale are presented separately from the other assets in the statement of
                     financial position. The liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for sale are
                     presented separately from other liabilities in the statement of financial position.

                     A discontinued operation is a component of the entity that has been disposed of or
                     is classified as held for sale and that represents a separate major line of business or
                     geographical area of operations, is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of such a
                     line of business or area of operations, or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to
                     resale. The results of discontinued operations are presented separately in the statement of
                     profit or loss.
                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT              179
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

          2.2.9 Financial assets

                Classification

                The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                •      those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other
                       comprehensive income, or through profit or loss), and

                •      those to be measured at amortized cost.

                The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial
                assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows.

                For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss
                or other comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held
                for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at
                the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value through
                other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).

                The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for
                managing those assets changes.

                Recognition and derecognition

                Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on the trade date,
                the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are
                derecognized when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired
                or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and
                rewards of ownership.

                Measurement

                At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the
                case of a financial asset not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
                acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are
                expensed in profit or loss.

                Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when
                determining whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.
180 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

               2.2.9 Financial assets (Continued)

                     Debts instruments

                     Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model
                     for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three
                     measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                     •      Amortized cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where
                            those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured
                            at amortized cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance
                            income or other income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss
                            arising on derecognition is recognized directly in profit or loss and presented in
                            ‘other losses, net’. Impairment losses are presented as a separate line item in the
                            consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                     •      FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling
                            the financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of
                            principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount
                            are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment losses or reversal
                            of impairment losses, interest revenue and foreign exchange gains and losses
                            which are recognized in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognized,
                            the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in OCI is reclassified from
                            equity to profit or loss and recognized in ‘other losses,net’. Interest income from
                            these financial assets is included in other income using the effective interest
                            rate method. Impairment expenses are presented as a separate line item in the
                            consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                     •      FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortized cost or FVOCI are
                            measured at FVTPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently
                            measured at FVTPL is recognized in profit or loss and presented net within ‘other
                            losses, net’ in the period in which it arises.
                                                                                      2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT             181
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

          2.2.9 Financial assets (Continued)

                Equity instruments

                The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in
                OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss
                following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue
                to be recognized in profit or loss as ‘other income’ when the Group’s right to receive
                payments is established.

                Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognized in ‘other losses,
                net’ in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and
                reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported
                separately from other changes in fair value.

                Impairment

                The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with
                its debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology
                applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9,
                which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the
                receivables.

          2.2.10 Film and TV rights and investments

                (a)    Film and TV rights

                       These represent legal rights of films, online drama series and TV dramas
                       acquired and invested by the Group. Costs of film and TV rights comprise fees/
                       investments paid and payable under agreements, direct costs/expenses incurred
                       during the production of films and TVs, and fees for the reproduction films and
                       TVs. Depending on the expected use of these rights, they are treated either as
                       intangible assets or inventory.
182 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

               2.2.10 Film and TV rights and investments (Continued)

                     (a)   Film and TV rights (Continued)

                           For the film and TV rights treated as intangible assets, they are stated at cost
                           less accumulated amortization and impairment loss. Amortization is calculated
                           using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of film and TV rights over their
                           estimated useful lives which are determined based on individual title basis and
                           generally ranged from within 3 years after the showing of the respective films, or
                           the delivery of master tapes of the respective TVs. Impairment assessment of the
                           film and TV rights is assessed on an annual basis or whenever events or changes
                           in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount is below the recoverable
                           amount; where relevant, an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the asset to
                           its recoverable amount. Such impairment loss is recognized as cost of sales and
                           services in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The recoverable amounts
                           of the film and TV rights are determined and reviewed on a title-by-title basis and
                           are based on the higher of FVLCD and VIU which include unobservable inputs and
                           assumptions derived by the Group.

                           For the film and TV rights treated as inventory, they are stated at the lower of
                           cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price
                           in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses. An
                           impairment loss is recognized as cost of sales and services in the consolidated
                           statement of profit or loss for the amount by which cost exceeds its net realizable
                           value.

                     (b)   Film and TV investments

                           The Group has certain investments in film and TV production projects which
                           entitles the Group to receive a fixed and/or variable income based on the Group’s
                           investment amount and expected rate of return as specified in the respective film
                           and TV investment agreements. The investments are carried at amortized cost
                           if their cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest. All other
                           investments that are not solely payments of principal and interest are carried at
                           fair value and included in ‘Film and TV rights and investments’ in the consolidated
                           balance sheet.
                                                                                     2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT             183
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

          2.2.11 Film deposits

                Film deposits comprise deposits paid for the acquisition of film and TV rights and deposits
                paid to production houses and/or directors prior to the production of films which are
                included in ‘trade and other receivables, and prepayments’ in the consolidated balance
                sheet. Impairment loss for film deposits is made to the extent that the deposits are not
                expected to generate any future economic benefits to the Group.

                Prepaid film deposits under film cooperation agreements are transferred to film and TV
                rights upon commencement of production of the related films or TVs.

          2.2.12 Trade receivables

                Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services
                performed in the ordinary course of business. If collection of trade receivables is expected
                within 1 year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are
                classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

                Trade receivables are recognized initially at the amount of consideration that is
                unconditional unless they contain significant financing components, when they are
                recognized at fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with the objective to
                collect the contractual cash flows and therefore subsequently measured at amortized
                cost using the effective interest method. See Note 21 for further information about the
                Group’s accounting for trade receivables and Note 3.1 for a description of the Group’s
                impairment policies.

          2.2.13 Cash and cash equivalents

                Cash and cash equivalents includes cash, deposits held at call with banks, other short
                term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.
184 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

               2.2.14 Share capital and shares held for share award scheme

                     Share capital is classified as equity.

                     Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in
                     equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

                     Where the Company’s shares are issued to or acquired from the market by the Company’s
                     share award trust under the share award scheme, the total fair value of shares issued or
                     total consideration of shares acquired from the market (including any directly attributable
                     incremental costs) is presented as ‘shares held for Share Award Scheme’ and deducted
                     from total equity. Upon vesting, the related costs of the vested shares for share award
                     scheme issued or purchased from the market are credited to ‘shares held for share award
                     scheme’, with a corresponding decrease in share-based compensation reserve for the
                     Share Award Scheme.

               2.2.15 Trade payables

                     Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in
                     the ordinary course of business from suppliers. Trade payables are classified as current
                     liabilities if payment is due within 1 year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the
                     business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

                     Trade payables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
                     amortized cost using the effective interest method.

               2.2.16 Current and deferred income tax

                     The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred income tax. Tax is
                     recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, except to the extent that it
                     relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this
                     case the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
                     respectively.

                     (a)    Current income tax

                            The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or
                            substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the
                            Group operates and generates taxable income. Management periodically evaluates
                            positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax
                            regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate
                            on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.
                                                                                      2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT            185
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

          2.2.16 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)

                (b)   Deferred income tax

                      Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary
                      differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying
                      amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, deferred income tax
                      liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill.
                      Deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an
                      asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time
                      of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred
                      income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or
                      substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply
                      when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax
                      liability is settled.

                      Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is probable that future taxable amounts
                      will be available to utilize those temporary differences and losses.

                      Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognized for temporary differences
                      between the carrying amount and tax bases of investments where the Group is
                      able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is
                      probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

                (c)   Offsetting

                      Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally
                      enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and
                      when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax
                      assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right
                      to offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and
                      settle the liability simultaneously.
186 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

               2.2.17 Employee benefits

                     (a)   Pension obligations

                           A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed
                           contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive
                           obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets
                           to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current and
                           prior periods.

                           For defined contribution plans, the Group pays contributions to publicly
                           administered pension insurance plans on a mandatory basis. The Group has
                           no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The
                           contributions are recognized as employee benefit expense when they are due.
                           Prepaid contributions are recognized as an asset to the extent that a cash refund
                           or a reduction in the future payments is available.

                     (b)   Termination benefits

                           Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group
                           whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these
                           benefits. The Group recognizes termination benefits as of the earlier of the
                           following dates: (a) when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those
                           benefits; and (b) when the entity recognizes costs for a restructuring that is
                           within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves the payment of termination benefits.
                           In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination
                           benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to accept the
                           offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the reporting
                           period are discounted to their present value.

                     (c)   Bonus plans

                           The Group recognizes a liability and an expense for bonuses, where contractually
                           obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.
                                                                                   2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT            187
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

          2.2.18 Share-based payments

               Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

               (a)   Share Option Scheme

                     The Group operates a number of equity-settled share-based compensation plans,
                     under which the entity receives services from employees as consideration for
                     equity instruments (options) of the Group. The fair value of the employee services
                     received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognized as an expense. The
                     total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the
                     options granted:

                     •      including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share
                            price);

                     •      excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting
                            conditions (for example, profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an
                            employee of the entity over a specified time period); and

                     •      including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the
                            requirement for employees to save or holdings shares for a specified period
                            of time).

                     Non-market performance and service conditions are included in assumptions about
                     the number of options that are expected to vest. The total expense is recognized
                     over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting
                     conditions are to be satisfied.

                     At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number
                     of options that are expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance and
                     service conditions. It recognizes the impact of the revision to original estimates,
                     if any, in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, with a corresponding
                     adjustment to equity.

                     When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds
                     received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share
                     capital (nominal value) and share premium.

                     Where the options are forfeited prior to the vesting date due to a failure by the
                     employee to satisfy the service conditions, any expenses previously recognized in
                     relation to such options are reversed on the effective date of the forfeiture. No
                     further adjustments should be made after the vesting date, regardless of whether
                     the options are forfeited later.
188 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

               2.2.18 Share-based payments (Continued)

                     Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (Continued)

                     (b)   Share Award Scheme

                           The fair value of restricted share units granted to employees for nil consideration
                           under the Share Award Scheme is recognized as an expense over the relevant
                           service period. The fair value is measured at the grant date of the shares and is
                           recognized in equity in the share-based compensation reserve. The number of
                           shares expected to vest is estimated based on the non-market vesting conditions.
                           The estimates are revised at the end of each reporting period and adjustments are
                           recognized in profit or loss and the share-based compensation reserve.

                           Where shares are forfeited prior to the vesting date due to a failure by the
                           employee to satisfy the service conditions, any expenses previously recognized
                           in relation to such shares are reversed on the effective date of the forfeiture. No
                           further adjustments should be made after the vesting date, regardless of whether
                           the shares are forfeited later.

                           The deferred shares are issued to or acquired by the Company’s Share Award Trust
                           on market and are held for the Share Award Scheme until such time as they are
                           vested (see Note 2.2.14).

                           The Share Award Scheme is administered by the Share Award Trust, which is
                           consolidated in accordance with the principles in Note 2.2.14. When the shares
                           are exercised, the trust transfers the appropriate number of shares to employees.
                           The proceeds received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited
                           directly to equity.
                                                                                     2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT           189
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

          2.2.19 Provision

                Provisions are recognized when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation
                as a result of past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
                to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. Restructuring
                provisions comprise lease termination penalties and employee termination payments.
                Provisions are not recognized for future operating losses.

                Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be
                required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A
                provision is recognized even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item
                included in the same class of obligations may be small.

                Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required
                to settle the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments
                of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the
                provision due to passage of time is recognized as interest expense.

          2.2.20 Revenue recognition

                Revenue is measured when or as the control of the goods or services is transferred
                to a customer. Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to
                the contract, control of the goods and services may be transferred over time or at a
                point in time. Control of the goods and services is transferred over time if the Group’s
                performance:

                •      provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the
                       customer, or

                •      creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs,
                       or

                •      does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has
                       an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

                If control of the goods and services transfers over time, revenue is recognized over the
                period of the contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that
                performance obligation. The Group uses the output methods to measure the progress
                towards that, recognizing revenue based on direct measurements of the value transferred
                to the customer. Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer
                obtains control of the goods and services.
190 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

               2.2.20 Revenue recognition (Continued)

                     Contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such
                     arrangements, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation
                     based on its relative standalone selling price. The Group generally determines standalone
                     selling prices based on prices charged to customers. If the standalone selling price is
                     not directly observable, it is estimated using expected cost plus a margin or adjusted
                     market assessment approach, depending on the availability of observable information.
                     Assumptions and estimations have been made in estimating the relative selling price of
                     each distinct performance obligation, and changes in judgments on these assumptions
                     and estimates may impact the revenue recognition.

                     If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration
                     that is unconditional, before the Group transfers a good or service to the customer, the
                     Group presents the contract liability when the payment is made or a receivable is recorded
                     (whichever is earlier). A contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or
                     services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of
                     consideration is due from the customer).

                     Accounting policies for the Group’s revenue sources

                     The Group principally derives revenue from promotion and distribution, cinema ticketing
                     management and data services, content production, IP licensing, sale of cinema admission
                     tickets, artist management services, and sales of pop toys.

                     (1)   Revenue from provision of services (including online movie ticketing related
                           services, distribution and promotion services, ticketing system related services,
                           advertising services and advisory services) is recognized in the accounting period
                           in which the services are rendered as the customer consumed the services
                           simultaneously.

                     (2)   Revenue from share of box office of film is recognized when the film is shown and
                           the right to receive payment is established.

                     (3)   Revenue from the licensing and sub-licensing of film and TV rights is recognized
                           upon the delivery of the master tapes to the customers, in accordance with the
                           terms of the underlying contracts.

                     (4)   Income from film and TV investments (see Note 2.2.10(b)) are recognized in profit
                           or loss when the right to receive payment is established.

                     (5)   Revenue from the licensing and sub-licensing of IP is recognized when the license
                           is used by the customer and the right to receive payment is established.
                                                                                   2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT             191
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)

          2.2.20 Revenue recognition (Continued)

                Accounting policies for the Group’s revenue sources (Continued)

                (6)   Revenue from cinema admission tickets sold is recognized when tickets are
                      accepted and consumed by the customer. Revenue from tickets sold for use at a
                      future date is deferred until the tickets are consumed or have expired.

                (7)   Revenue from provision of artist management services are recognized when the
                      services are rendered. Payments for artist management services are not due from
                      the customers until the services are completed.

                (8)   Revenue from sales of pop toys are recognized when the control of the product
                      has transferred to the customer, which is the point of acceptance by the
                      customers.

                (9)   Revenue from entertainment event admission tickets is recognized when tickets are
                      sold to the customer and the right to receive payment is established.


    2.3   Summary of other accounting policies

          2.3.1 Earnings per share

                (a)   Basic earnings per share

                      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners
                      of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary
                      shares by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the
                      financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the
                      year and excluding treasury shares.

                (b)   Diluted earnings per share

                      Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic
                      earnings per share to take into account:

                      –      the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated
                             with dilutive potential ordinary shares, and

                      –      the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have
                             been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary
                             shares.
192 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.3   Summary of other accounting policies (Continued)

               2.3.2 Property, plant and equipment

                     Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation
                     and accumulated impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly
                     attributable to the acquisition of the items.

                     Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a
                     separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits
                     associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured
                     reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. All other repairs
                     and maintenance are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the
                     financial period in which they are incurred.

                     Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line
                     method to allocate their cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as
                     follows:

                     – Leasehold improvements                     Shorter of remaining lease term or useful life
                     – Motor vehicles                             5 years
                     – Furniture, fittings and equipment          3–5 years

                     The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at
                     the end of each reporting period.

                     An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the
                     asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 2.2.7).

                     Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the
                     carrying amount and are recognized within ‘other losses, net’ in the consolidated
                     statement of profit or loss.

               2.3.3 Offsetting financial instruments

                     Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet
                     when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an
                     intention to settle on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
                     The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be
                     enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
                     bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.
                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT            193
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.3   Summary of other accounting policies (Continued)

          2.3.4 Inventories

                Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined
                using the weighted average method. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after
                deducting rebates and discounts. It excludes borrowing costs. Net realizable value is
                the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of
                completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

          2.3.5 Interest income

                Interest income on financial assets at FVTPL is included in ‘other losses, net’ as part of
                change in fair value, see Note 7 below.

                Interest income on financial assets at amortized cost calculated using the effective interest
                method is recognized in the statement of profit or loss as part of ‘other income’, see Note
                6 below.

                Interest income is presented as ‘finance income’ where it is earned from financial assets
                that are held for cash management purposes, see Note 10 below. Any other interest
                income is included in ‘other income’.

                Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
                amount of a financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-
                impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the
                net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).

          2.3.6 Dividend income

                Dividends are received from financial assets at FVTPL and at FVOCI. Dividends are
                recognized as ‘other income’ in profit or loss when the right to receive payment is
                established. This applies even if they are paid out of pre-acquisition profits, unless the
                dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of an investment. In this case,
                the dividend is recognized in ‘OCI’ if it relates to an investment at FVOCI. However, the
                investment may need to be tested for impairment as a consequence.
194 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.3   Summary of other accounting policies (Continued)

               2.3.7 Lease

                    Leases are recognized as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at
                    which the leased asset is available for use by the Group.

                    Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis.
                    Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

                    •        fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives
                             receivable,

                    •        variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured
                             using the index or rate as of the commencement date,

                    •        amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees,

                    •        the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to
                             exercise that option, and

                    •        payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the
                             Group exercising that option.

                    Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included
                    in the measurement of the liability.

                    The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that
                    rate cannot be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group,
                    the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee
                    would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to
                    the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar security conditions.

                    To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

                    •        where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee
                             as a starting point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third
                             party financing was received

                    •        uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit
                             risk for leases held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing,
                             and

                    •        makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.
                                                                                     2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT            195
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.3   Summary of other accounting policies (Continued)

          2.3.7 Lease (Continued)

                Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance expenses. The finance
                expenses are charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant
                periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

                Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

                •      the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability,

                •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease
                       incentives received,

                •      any initial direct costs, and

                •      restoration costs.

                Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life
                and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise
                a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful
                life.

                Payments associated with short-term leases and all leases of low-value assets are
                recognized on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are
                leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.

          2.3.8 Government grants

                Grants from the government are recognized at their fair value when received and the
                Group has complied with all attached conditions.

                Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognized in the consolidated
                statement of profit or loss over the period necessary to match them with the costs that
                they are intended to compensate.

                Government grants relating to property, plant and equipment are included in non-current
                liabilities as deferred government grants and are credited to the consolidated statement
                of profit or loss on a straight line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.

          2.3.9 Dividend distribution

                Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorized
                and no longer at the discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period
                but not distributed at the end of the reporting period.
196 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

         3.1   Financial risk factors

               The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign
               exchange risk, fair value interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s
               overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and
               seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

               Risk management is carried out by the Group’s finance department under policies approved by
               the Board of Directors of the Company. The Group’s finance department identifies, evaluates
               financial risks in close co-operation with the Group’s operating units. The Board of Directors of
               the Company provides written principles for overall risk management, as well as written policies
               covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk and liquidity
               risk.

               (a)    Market risk

                      (i)    Foreign exchange risk

                             The Group operates mainly in the PRC, Hong Kong and the United States of
                             America (the “USA”), and is exposed to foreign exchange risk, primarily the US$
                             and HK$.

                             Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognized
                             assets and liabilities that are in a currency other than the functional currency of
                             the group entities. The Group did not enter into any forward contract to hedge its
                             exposure to foreign currency risk for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023.

                             As of March 31, 2024 and 2023, the carrying amounts of the Group’s monetary
                             assets and liabilities that are denominated in currency other than the functional
                             currency of the respective group entities are as follows:

                                                                 March 31, 2024                  March 31, 2023
                                                               HK dollar  US dollar            HK dollar   US dollar
                                                               RMB’000     RMB’000             RMB’000     RMB’000

                             Cash and bank balances                 5,750     1,274,624          10,794       941,874
                             Trade and other receivables              987       164,442             809       140,834
                             Trade and other payables               2,197         4,958           3,924         2,871


                             For the year ended March 31, 2024, if RMB had weakened/strengthened by 5%
                             (2023: 5%) with all other variables held constant, pre-tax profit would have been
                             RMB71,932,000 higher/lower (2023: pre-tax loss would have been RMB54,376,000
                             lower/higher).
                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT           197
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (a)   Market risk (Continued)

                (ii)    Fair value interest rate risk

                        The Group’s interest rate risk arises from interest bearing assets and liabilities,
                        mainly including loan receivables. Management considered that any reasonable
                        changes in the interest rates would not result in a significant change in the
                        Group’s results.

                (iii)   Price risk

                        The Group is exposed to price risk in respect of listed investment and unlisted
                        investment at FVTPL held by the Group. The Group is not exposed to commodity
                        price risk. To manage its price risk arising from its investments, the Group
                        diversifies its portfolio. Each investment is managed by management on a case by
                        case basis. The sensitivity analysis is performed by management, see Note 3.3 for
                        details.

          (b)   Credit risk

                (i)     Risk management

                        Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from deposits with
                        banks and financial institutions, contractual cash flows of debt instruments carried
                        at amortized cost, film and TV investments, financial assets at fair value through
                        profit or loss, as well as credit exposures to customers, including outstanding
                        receivables.

                        The Group’s bank balances are deposited in banks and financial institutions with
                        good reputation in the PRC, Hong Kong and the USA. Accordingly, the credit risk
                        on these bank balances is limited.

                        For trade and other receivables, the Group assesses the credit quality of the
                        customers, taking into account of their financial positions, past experience and
                        other factors.

                        For the year ended March 31, 2024, the Group had no significant concentrations
                        of credit risk except that one individual customers (related parties of the Group)
                        accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s total trade receivables. The Group’s
                        concentration of credit risk by geographical location is in the PRC, which
                        accounted for 99.91% of the total trade receivables as of March 31, 2024.
198 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

         3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

               (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                     (ii)   Impairment of financial assets

                            The Group has two types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit
                            loss model:

                            •      trade receivables, and

                            •      other receivables

                            While deposits with banks and financial institutions are also subject to the
                            impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was
                            immaterial.

                            Trade receivables

                            For trade receivables that do not share same risk characteristics with others,
                            management assesses their expected credit losses on an individual basis. For trade
                            receivables that share same risk characteristics with others, management calculates
                            the expected credit losses using the roll rate model. The model first groups the
                            customers based on their different risk characteristics, and then recalculates
                            their respective historical credit loss information. The model further incorporates
                            economic policies, macroeconomic conditions, industry risks and forward-looking
                            adjustments to reflect management’s forecasts of macroeconomic factors in
                            different scenarios, as this affects the customers’ ability to settle the receivables.
                                                                                     2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT           199
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

                       Trade receivables (Continued)

                                                           Lifetime
                                                          expected        Gross      Lifetime         Net
                                                         credit loss   carrying     expected     carrying
                                                                rate    amount     credit loss    amount
                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

                       As of March 31, 2024

                       Receivables of film
                         investment, production,
                         promotion and
                         distribution
                         Provision on individual basis     86.49%        61,470       (53,164)      8,306
                         Provision on collective basis      7.23%       651,487       (47,125)    604,362

                       Receivables of film
                         ticketing and technology
                         platform
                         Provision on individual basis        100%           17           (17)           –
                         Provision on collective basis       9.61%       88,620        (8,518)     80,102

                       Receivable of Damai
                         Provision on individual basis       0.00%             –            –            –
                         Provision on collective basis       0.44%      133,089          (582)    132,507

                       Receivable of drama series
                         production
                         Provision on individual basis       0.00%             –            –            –
                         Provision on collective basis       1.24%      974,439      (12,109)     962,330

                       Receivable of IP
                         merchandising and
                         commercialization
                         Provision on individual basis       0.00%             –            –            –
                         Provision on collective basis       4.99%       54,934       (2,739)      52,195


                                                                       1,964,056    (124,254)    1,839,802
200 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

         3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

               (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                     (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

                            Trade receivables (Continued)

                                                                Lifetime
                                                               expected         Gross      Lifetime           Net
                                                              credit loss     carrying    expected       carrying
                                                                     rate     amount     credit loss     amount
                                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

                            As of March 31, 2023

                            Receivables of film
                              investment, production,
                              promotion and
                              distribution
                              Provision on individual basis     69.55%       109,178       (75,931)      33,247
                              Provision on collective basis      3.03%       706,257       (21,410)     684,847

                            Receivables of film
                              ticketing and technology
                              platform
                              Provision on individual basis      0.00%              –             –            –
                              Provision on collective basis      6.67%         68,965       (4,601)       64,364

                            Receivable of drama series
                              production
                              Provision on individual basis      0.00%              –             –            –
                              Provision on collective basis      1.93%       547,849       (10,560)     537,289

                            Receivable of IP
                              merchandising and
                              commercialization
                              Provision on individual basis      0.00%              –             –            –
                              Provision on collective basis      1.97%       137,218        (2,709)     134,509


                                                                            1,569,467    (115,211)     1,454,256
                                                                                    2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT             201
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

                       Trade receivables (Continued)

                       The loss allowance for trade receivables recognized during the year ended March
                       31, 2024 is as follows:

                                                                                              For the year
                                                                                                    ended
                                                                                                March 31,
                                                                                                     2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000

                       Opening balance                                                             115,211
                       Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                   1,766
                       Increase in loss allowance during the year                                   58,706
                       Reversal of previous impairment losses                                      (51,433)
                       Currency translation differences                                                  4


                       Closing balance                                                             124,254


                       Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of
                       recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include,
                       among others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan with the
                       Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period.

                       Impairment losses on trade receivables are presented as (impairment losses)/
                       reversal of impairment losses on financial assets, net within operating profit.
                       Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the
                       same line item.
202 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

         3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

               (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                     (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

                            Other receivables

                            Management assesses the expected credit losses of other receivables on an
                            individual basis. The expected credit losses are assessed with reference to the credit
                            status of the recipients and the past due status of doubtful debtors.

                            The loss allowance for other receivables recognized during the year ended March
                            31, 2024 is as follows:

                                                                                                     For the year
                                                                                                           ended
                                                                                                       March 31,
                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000

                            Opening balance                                                              440,201
                            Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                   10,198
                            Increase in loss allowance during the year                                    79,832
                            Reversal of previous impairment losses                                       (34,470)
                            Currency translation differences                                                 558


                            Closing balance                                                              496,319


                            Net impairment losses on financial assets recognized in profit or loss

                            During the year, the following gains/(losses) were recognized in profit or loss in
                            relation to impaired financial assets:

                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                           March 31,
                                                                                          2024           2023
                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000

                            Impairment losses on trade receivables                      (58,706)           (4,151)
                            Impairment losses on other receivables                      (79,832)          (53,293)
                            Reversal of previous impairment losses                       85,903            57,500


                            Net (provision for)/reversal of impairment loss
                              on financial assets                                       (52,635)                 56
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT             203
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                (iii)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                        The Group is also exposed to credit risk in relation to debt investments that are
                        measured at fair value through profit or loss. The maximum exposure at the end of
                        the reporting period is the carrying amount of these investments.

          (c)   Liquidity risk

                Cash flow forecasting is performed for the operating entities of the Group and
                aggregated by the finance department. The Group’s finance department monitors rolling
                forecasts of the Group’s liquidity requirements to ensure it has sufficient cash to meet
                operational needs.

                The table below analyzes the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant
                maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the balance sheet date to the
                contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual
                undiscounted cash flows.

                                                            Between    Between         More
                                                Less than      1 and      2 and         than             Carrying
                                                   1 year    2 years    5 years      5 years     Total    amount
                                                 RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000   RMB’000

                Contractual maturities
                  of financial liabilities at
                  March 31, 2024
                Trade and other payables
                  (excluding non-financial
                  liabilities)                  4,785,441          –            –          – 4,785,441 4,785,441
                Lease liabilities                  11,407     13,564     36,919       27,940    89,830    64,305


                                                4,796,848     13,564     36,919       27,940 4,875,271 4,849,746
204 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

         3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

               (c)    Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                    Between    Between       More
                                                        Less than      1 and      2 and       than               Carrying
                                                           1 year    2 years    5 years    5 years      Total    amount
                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000

                      Contractual maturities of financial
                        liabilities at March 31, 2023
                      Trade and other payables
                        (excluding non-financial
                        liabilities)                      846,573         -          -          -    846,573    846,573
                      Lease liabilities                    36,594    25,219     50,663     83,706    196,182    145,767


                                                         883,167     25,219     50,663     83,706 1,042,755     992,340


         3.2   Capital management

               The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
               continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other
               stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

               In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of
               dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to
               reduce debt.

               The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt
               divided by equity in which net debt represents total borrowings less cash and cash equivalents.

               As of March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Group has a net cash position as the Group has no
               borrowings.
                                                                                              2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT                205
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3   Fair value estimation

          The table below analyzes the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as of March 31,
          2024 by level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are
          categorized into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

          •       Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

          •       Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset
                  or liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level
                  2).

          •       Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                  unobservable inputs) (level 3).

          See Note 18 and 19 for disclosures of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss that are
          measured at fair value.

          The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at March 31,
          2024.

                                                               Level 1         Level 2        Level 3          Total
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

          Assets
          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss (current)

          Investments in structured deposits                           –               –       706,196        706,196
          Film and TV Investments, at fair value
             (current)                                                 –               –          8,068          8,068
          Financial assets at fair value through
             profit or loss (non-current)
          Unlisted investments                                         –               –       661,645        661,645
          Listed investment                                      38,984                –             –         38,984
          Film and TV Investments, at fair value
             (non-current)                                             –               –          2,894          2,894


          Total                                                  38,984                –    1,378,803       1,417,787
206 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

         3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

                                                              Level 1      Level 2       Level 3        Total
                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

               Liabilities
               Financial liabilities at fair value
                  through profit or loss (current)
               Film investments from business partners               –             –        7,650         7,650


               The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at March 31,
               2023.

                                                              Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total
                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

               Assets
               Financial assets at fair value through
                  profit or loss (current)
               Film and TV Investments, at fair value
                  (current)                                          –             –       43,568       43,568

               Financial assets at fair value through
                  profit or loss (non-current)
               Unlisted investments                                  –             –     700,927       700,927
               Listed investment                               59,394              –           –        59,394
               Film and TV Investments, at fair value
                  (non-current)                                      –             –     141,375       141,375


               Total                                           59,394              –     885,870       945,264


                                                              Level 1      Level 2       Level 3        Total
                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

               Liabilities
               Financial liabilities at fair value
                  through profit or loss (current)
               Film investments from business partners               –             –       13,050       13,050
                                                                                           2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT               207
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

          Financial instruments in level 3

          The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by
          using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximize the use of observable market
          data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant
          inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.
          If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
          included in level 3.

          The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the years ended March 31,
          2024 and 2023.

                                                                                       For the year ended
                                                                                            March 31,
                                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000

          Investments in wealth management products
          Opening balance                                                                       –                  –
          Acquisitions                                                                          –           13,500
          Disposals                                                                             –          (13,563)
          Change in fair value (Note 7 and 18)                                                  –               63


          Closing balance                                                                       –                  –


                                                                                       For the year ended
                                                                                            March 31,
                                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000

          Structured deposits
          Opening balance                                                                       –                  –
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                 1,300,000                    –
          Acquisitions                                                                  500,000          1,200,000
          Disposals                                                                  (1,106,459)        (1,208,700)
          Change in fair value (Note 7 and 18)                                           12,655              8,700


          Closing balance                                                               706,196                    –


          The structured deposits are the structured deposits that do not meet solely payments of principal
          and interest condition.

          If the fair values of structured deposits held by the Group had been 10% higher/lower as
          of March 31, 2024, pre-tax profit for the year ended March 31, 2024 would have been
          RMB70,620,000 higher/lower (2023: nil).
208 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

         3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

               Financial instruments in level 3 (Continued)

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                          March 31,
                                                                                         2024           2023
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000

               Film and TV investments, at fair value
               Opening balance                                                        184,943           217,067
               Change in fair value (Note 7 and 19)                                    11,151            73,787
               Derecognition                                                         (185,371)         (109,407)
               Currency translation differences                                           239             3,496


               Closing balance                                                         10,962          184,943


               The film and TV investments, at fair value, are the film and TV investments that do not meet
               solely payments of principal and interest condition.

               The film and TV investments, at fair value, are primarily valued based on the discounted cash
               flows method using the expected rate of return of 3.95% based on the management estimates
               and are within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

               If the fair values of the film and TV investments held by the Group had been 10% higher/lower
               as of March 31, 2024, pre-tax profit for the year ended March 31, 2024 would have been
               RMB1,096,000 higher/lower (2023: pre-tax loss would have been RMB18,494,000 lower/higher).

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                          March 31,
                                                                                         2024           2023
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000

               Unlisted investments
               Opening balance                                                        700,927        1,272,547
               Change in fair value (Note 7 and 18)                                   (33,150)        (239,316)
               Transfer to investments accounted for using the equity method                –         (380,996)
               Derecognition                                                          (11,500)          (2,053)
               Currency translation differences                                         5,368           50,745


               Closing balance                                                        661,645          700,927
                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT             209
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3    Fair value estimation (Continued)

           Financial instruments in level 3 (Continued)

           For unlisted investments, as these investment are not traded in an active market, their fair values
           are determined by using valuation techniques and are within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
           The Group has engaged an independent external valuers for performing the fair value valuation.
           Unlisted investments are primarily valued based on the available transaction price of the latest
           round of financing of the investees. Where such information is not available, other valuation
           techniques are used, such as the discounted cash flow method or market approach. The
           estimated fair values were based on assumptions, such as the forecasted revenue, discount rates,
           IPO probability, expected volatility, etc.

           If the fair values of the unlisted investments held by the Group had been 10% higher/lower
           as of March 31, 2024, pre-tax profit for the year ended March 31, 2024 would have been
           RMB66,165,000 higher/lower (2023: pre-tax loss would have been RMB70,093,000 lower/
           higher).


4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS

    Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and
    other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
    circumstances.

    The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates
    will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a
    significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within
    the next financial year are addressed below.


    (a)    Estimated impairment of goodwill

           The Group tests annually whether goodwill has suffered any impairment, in accordance with the
           accounting policy stated in Note 2.2.7. The recoverable amounts of CGUs are determined based
           on VIU, which require the use of estimates and valuation techniques. The inputs to these models
           are taken from observable markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of
           judgment is required in establishing fair values.

           Based on management’s assessment (Note 15), there was no impairment on goodwill charged to
           administrative expenses during the year ended March 31, 2024 (2023: nil).
210 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (Continued)

         (b)   Estimated impairment of film and TV rights

               At the end of the reporting period, management of the Company assesses the impairment on
               film and TV rights classified as intangible asset with reference to its recoverable amount. The
               assessment is made on a film-by-film basis. The recoverable amount of the film and TV rights is
               determined based on VIU/net realizable value.

               If the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount, the carrying amount of the
               film and TV rights will be written down to its recoverable amount. The Group’s estimation of
               impairment provision of film and TV rights reflects management’s best estimate of future cash
               flows expected to be generated from film and TV rights.

               For the film and TV rights treated as inventory, management of the Company assesses the
               impairment with reference to its cost and net realizable value at the end of the reporting
               period. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
               applicable variable selling expenses. The Group’s estimation of impairment provision for film and
               TV rights involves significant management judgment based on the consideration of key factors
               such as estimated future selling prices and selling expenses of the respective film and TV rights.

               Based on management’s assessment on the recoverability of film and TV rights (Note 19), an
               impairment on film and TV rights of RMB204,643,000 was charged to cost of sales and services
               during the year ended March 31, 2024 (2023: RMB58,052,000).

         (c)   Estimated impairment of investments accounted for using the equity method

               The Group assesses whether there is any indicator of impairment for interests in associates
               and joint ventures at the end of each reporting period in accordance with the accounting
               policies stated in Note 2.2.7. Investments accounted for using the equity method are tested
               for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable.
               An impairment exists when the carrying value of investments accounted for using the equity
               method exceeds its recoverable amount, which is determined based on VIU calculations. These
               calculations require the use of estimates.

               Based on management’s assessment (Note 13), an impairment of RMB112,552,000 was charged
               to impairment of investments accounted for using the equity method during the year ended
               March 31, 2024 (2023: RMB127,589,000).

         (d)   Loss allowances for trade and other receivables

               The loss allowances for trade and other receivables are based on assumptions about risk of
               default and expected loss rates. The Group uses judgment in making these assumptions and
               selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation at the end of each reporting period. Details of
               the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in the tables in Note 3.1(b).

         (e)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

               The fair value determination of such financial assets for which there is no observable market
               price requires the use of valuation techniques. The inputs to the valuation models are taken
               from observable markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgment is
               required in establishing fair values. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed
               in Note 3.3.
                                                                                    2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT             211
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

5   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

    The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the Board of Directors of the Company.
    Management has determined the operating segments based on the information reviewed by the Board
    of Directors of the Company for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance.

    The Board of Directors of the Company considers the business from perspective of types of goods or
    services delivered or provided. During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Group’s operating and
    reportable segments are as follows:

    –     Film investment, production, promotion and distribution: the investment, production, promotion
          and distribution of film related entertainment contents both domestically and internationally.

    –     Film ticketing and technology platform: mainly comprises Tao Piao Piao, Yunzhi and Beacon AI.

    –     Damai: engaged in the full life cycle of live performances from the ticketing of performances,
          on-site services, ticketing issuance system and venue operations to the organization, investment,
          production and promotion of the performance contents.

    –     Drama series production: the production and distribution of online drama series and TV dramas.

    –     IP merchandising and innovative initiatives: backed by the Group’s licensing and marketing
          capabilities, the Group could integrate resources within or outside the Alibaba Ecosystem to
          provide comprehensive distribution channels connecting with both corporate customers and
          individual consumers (“IP2B2C”).
212 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     5   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
         The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in time in
         the following major product lines:

                                                                                  For the year ended March 31, 2024
                                                       Film
                                               investment,                                                                      IP
                                               production,                Film                                     merchandising
                                                promotion       ticketing and                                                 and
                                                       and         technology                         Drama series    innovation
                                               distribution          platform             Damai        production      initiatives         Total
                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000

         Segment revenue
         – recognized at a point in time         1,065,109            903,991            394,277           596,124           763,694     3,723,195
         – recognized over time                  1,006,840             16,225                  –                 –           287,050     1,310,115

                                                 2,071,949            920,216            394,277           596,124         1,050,744     5,033,310

         Film and TV related investment
            income                                        –                  –                  –                 –             2,403       2,403

         Total segment revenue from
           continuing operations                 2,071,949            920,216            394,277           596,124         1,053,147     5,035,713


         Including: revenue recognized
           that was included in the
           contract liabilities balance at
           the beginning of the year                57,828             32,420                   –              406            79,751      170,405


                                                                                   For the year ended March 31, 2023
                                                        Film
                                                investment,                                                                         IP
                                                production,                                                            merchandising
                                                 promotion       Film ticketing                                                   and
                                                        and    and technology                          Drama series       innovation
                                                distribution          platform             Damai        production         initiatives       Total
                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000

         Segment revenue
         – recognized at a point in time           713,199            513,471                   –          780,885           540,836     2,548,391
         – recognized over time                    515,881              8,622                   –                –           417,375       941,878

                                                 1,229,080            522,093                   –          780,885           958,211     3,490,269

         Film and TV related investment
            income                                        –                  –                  –                 –           10,284       10,284

         Total segment revenue from
           continuing operations                 1,229,080            522,093                   –          780,885           968,495     3,500,553

         Including: revenue recognized
           that was included in the contract
           liabilities balance at the
           beginning of the year                     9,020             30,025                   –           97,480            14,342      150,867
                                                                                                            2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT             213
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

5   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    Segment revenue and results

                                                                        For the year ended March 31, 2024
                                                Film
                                        investment,                                                                IP
                                        production,              Film                                 merchandising
                                         promotion     ticketing and                                             and
                                                and       technology                     Drama series    innovation
                                        distribution        platform            Damai     production      initiatives      Total
                                           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

    Segment revenue                       2,071,949         920,216            394,277        596,124        1,053,147   5,035,713


    Segment results                         467,490         346,422            253,277          14,459        243,041    1,324,689


    Unallocated selling and marketing
       expenses                                                                                                           (17,648)
    Administrative expenses                                                                                              (977,868)
    Impairment losses on
       financial assets, net                                                                                              (52,635)
    Other income                                                                                                           57,366
    Other losses, net                                                                                                     (24,224)
    Finance income                                                                                                        182,614
    Finance expenses                                                                                                         (781)
    Share of loss of investments
       accounted for using the equity
       method                                                                                                              (78,616)
    Impairment of investments
       accounted for using the equity
       method                                                                                                            (112,552)


    Profit before income tax                                                                                              300,345
214 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     5   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                             For the year ended March 31, 2023
                                                     Film
                                             investment,                                                                      IP
                                             production,              Film                                       merchandising
                                              promotion     ticketing and                                                   and
                                                     and       technology                       Drama series        innovation
                                             distribution        platform            Damai       production          initiatives       Total
                                                RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000

         Segment revenue                      1,229,080          522,093                  –         780,885            968,495     3,500,553


         Segment results                        263,085          228,450                  –          55,347            223,816      770,698


         Unallocated selling and marketing
            expenses                                                                                                                  (2,024)
         Administrative expenses                                                                                                    (737,328)
         Reversal of Impairment losses on
            financial assets, net                                                                                                         56
         Other income                                                                                                                 48,614
         Other losses, net                                                                                                          (283,155)
         Finance income                                                                                                              117,107
         Finance expenses                                                                                                             (1,022)
         Share of loss of investments
            accounted for using the equity
            method                                                                                                                   (39,472)
         Impairment of investments
            accounted for using the equity
            method                                                                                                                  (127,589)


         Loss before income tax                                                                                                     (254,115)
                                                                                      2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT            215
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

5   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    During the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, all of the segment revenue reported above was from
    external customers and there were no inter-segment sales.

    Segment results represent the gross profit generated by each segment after allocation of certain selling
    and marketing expenses. This is the measure reported to the Board of Directors of the Company for the
    purpose of resource allocation and performance assessments.

    Segment assets and liabilities are not regularly reported to the Board of Directors of the Company and
    therefore information of separate segment assets and liabilities is not presented.

    Most of the Group’s segment revenue is derived from the Mainland of PRC except certain revenue from
    the film investment, production, promotion and distribution and Damai segment.

    As of March 31, 2024, the Group’s non-current assets, other than financial instruments and deferred
    income tax assets, were located in the Mainland of the PRC and other regions amounting to
    RMB5,492,860,000 and RMB456,781,000 respectively.

    For the year ended March 31, 2024, approximately 13% of the total revenues of the Group were
    derived from one external customer (2023: approximately 18% and 11% of the total revenues of
    the Group were derived from two external customers). Other than this customer, no other customer
    contributed 10% or more of the Group’s revenue during the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023.

    Comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with the changes in presentation adopted for
    the current year.

    Contract liabilities

    The Group has recognized the following liabilities related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                                       March 31,
                                                                                      2024           2023
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

    Deferred revenue

    Film investment, production, promotion and distribution                         39,590           57,828
    Film ticketing and technology platform                                          38,974           32,420
    Damai                                                                           11,137                –
    Drama series production                                                          8,000              406
    IP merchandising and innovation initiatives                                    317,328           79,751


                                                                                   415,029          170,405


    Contract liabilities are presented in advance from customers, which are the Group’s obligations
    to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an
    amount of consideration is due) from the customer. As of March 31, 2024, the total contract liabilities
    amounted to RMB415,029,000 (2023: RMB170,405,000), which will be recognized as revenue within
    one year.
216 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     6   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                 For the year ended
                                                                                      March 31,
                                                                                     2024           2023
                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000

         Interest income on loan receivables                                       35,376        28,952
         Local government grants                                                    9,611         1,432
         Additional deduction of input VAT                                          7,031        14,071
         Refund of service fee for withholding IIT                                  1,464         1,526
         Rental income                                                              1,185             –
         Sundry income                                                              2,699          2,633


                                                                                   57,366        48,614


     7   OTHER LOSSES, NET

                                                                                 For the year ended
                                                                                      March 31,
                                                                                     2024           2023
                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000

         Change in fair value of structured deposits (Note 3.3 and 18)             12,655          8,700
         Change in fair value of film and TV investments, at fair value
           (Note 3.3 and 19)                                                       11,151         73,787
         Net gains on disposal of film and TV rights and investments                9,748         14,310
         Change in fair value of unlisted investments (Note 3.3 and 18)           (33,150)      (239,316)
         Change in fair value of listed investment (Note 18)                      (22,469)        14,064
         Net losses on disposal of property, plant and Equipment                   (1,309)        (3,174)
         Change in fair value of investment in wealth management products
           (Note 3.3 and 18)                                                            –             63
         Compensation fee                                                               –        (18,744)
         Loss on dilution of investments accounted for using the equity method          –       (130,976)
         Others                                                                      (850)        (1,869)


                                                                                  (24,224)      (283,155)
                                                                                               2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT              217
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

8   EXPENSE BY NATURE

                                                                                          For the year ended
                                                                                               March 31,
                                                                                              2024           2023
                                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000

    Film and TV copyrights recognized as cost of sales and services
       (Note 19)                                                                         1,679,568          1,375,990
    Cost of inventories, intellectual property licenses
       and other services recognized as cost of sales and services                       1,030,214             607,733
    Employee benefit expense (Note 9)                                                      879,733             851,588
    Marketing and promotion expenses                                                       710,002             348,315
    Payment processing and other service fees                                              109,310              57,798
    Technology service fees                                                                 83,359              82,691
    Travel and entertainment fees                                                           27,712              12,288
    Amortization of intangible assets (Note 15)                                             20,039              14,211
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 14)                                 15,521              12,066
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 16)                                           14,316              32,309
    SMS platform service and customer service support fees                                  12,649                 893
    Auditor’s remunerations
    – Audit services                                                                         4,430               3,500
    Rental expense for short-term and low-value leases (Note 16)                             1,862               1,226
    Others                                                                                 117,825              68,599


    Total cost of sales and services, selling and marketing expenses
      and administrative expenses                                                        4,706,540          3,469,207


    Note:

    The amount of ‘Film and TV copyrights recognized as cost of sales and services’ included an impairment loss on film
    and TV rights of RMB204,643,000 for the year ended March 31, 2024 (2023: RMB58,052,000).
218 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     9   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                 For the year ended
                                                                                                      March 31,
                                                                                                     2024           2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000

         Wages and salaries                                                                        614,164            513,239
         Share-based payment under share option scheme and share award
           scheme (Note 25)                                                                         84,393            136,385
         Share-based payment transactions with ultimate parent (Note 25)                            35,881             67,818
         Social security costs and housing fund (Note a)                                           137,745            127,546
         Termination benefits                                                                        7,550              6,600


                                                                                                   879,733            851,588


         Notes:

         (a)      All of the Group’s full-time employees in the PRC participate in a state-sponsored defined contribution
                  pension plan. The Group is required to make monthly defined contributions to this plan at a rate of
                  14%~16% (2023: 14%~16%) of the employees’ basic salaries subject to a cap determined by the state on
                  an annual basis.

                  The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF
                  Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all qualifying employees in Hong
                  Kong. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to
                  the consolidated statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF
                  Scheme. The assets of the scheme are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control of
                  trustees.

                  There was no forfeited contribution utilized to offset employers’ contributions for the year ended March
                  31, 2024 (2023: nil). There was no forfeited contribution available to reduce the contribution payable in the
                  future years as of March 31, 2024 (2023: nil).

                  During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Group made total contributions to the retirement benefits
                  schemes of RMB62,733,000 (2023: RMB54,313,000).
                                                                                           2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT                 219
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

9   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
    Notes: (Continued)

    (b)    Five highest paid individuals

           The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended March 31,
           2024 include 1 (2023: 1) director whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in Note 37. The
           emoluments payable to the remaining 4 (2023: 4) individuals during the year ended March 31, 2024 are as
           follows:

                                                                                        For the year ended
                                                                                             March 31,
                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

           Salaries, share options, other allowances and benefits in kind                 15,234              16,779
           Discretionary bonuses                                                           2,548              10,630
           Contributions to the retirement scheme                                            268                 251


                                                                                          18,050              27,660


           The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                         For the year ended
                                                                                              March 31,
                                                                                            2024               2023

           Emolument bands
           HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                         2                    –
           HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                         1                    –
           HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                         –                    2
           HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                         1                    1
           HK$14,500,001 to HK$15,000,000                                                       –                    1


                                                                                                4                    4
220 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     10   FINANCIAL INCOME AND EXPENSES

                                                               For the year ended
                                                                    March 31,
                                                                   2024           2023
                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000

          Finance income
          – Interest income on bank deposits                   180,516        101,655
          – Exchange gain, net                                   2,098         15,452


                                                               182,614        117,107


          Finance expenses
          – Interest expenses on lease liabilities (Note 16)       (781)        (1,007)
          – Interest expenses on bank borrowings                      –            (15)


                                                                   (781)        (1,022)


          Finance income, net                                  181,833        116,085


     11   INCOME TAX CREDIT

                                                               For the year ended
                                                                    March 31,
                                                                   2024           2023
                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000

          Current income tax expense                           (48,463)         (1,116)
          Deferred income tax credit (Note 28)                 107,073           1,531


                                                                 58,610           415
                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT              221
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

11   INCOME TAX CREDIT (Continued)

     The tax on the Group’s profit/(loss) before income tax from continuing operations differs from the
     theoretical amount that would arise using the PRC statutory tax rate as follows:

                                                                                   For the year ended
                                                                                        March 31,
                                                                                       2024           2023
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000

     Profit/(loss) from continuing operation before income tax                      300,345          (254,115)


     Tax calculated at a tax rate of 25% (2023: 25%)                                  75,086           (63,529)
     Tax effects of:
     – Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                                (103,918)          46,034
     – Associates’ and joint ventures’ results reported net of tax                    16,536           42,757
     – Income not subject to tax                                                     (14,750)          (3,308)
     – Additional deduction in relation to research and development costs             (5,543)          (2,987)
     – Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                        5,670            7,297
     – Refund of income tax from previous years                                          (78)            (840)
     – Utilization of previously unrecognized temporary differences                 (220,569)        (231,273)
     – Recognition of temporary differences that have not been recognized
         in the previous periods                                                     (84,615)                –
     – Temporary differences and tax losses for which no deferred income
         tax asset was recognized                                                   273,571           205,434


     Tax credit                                                                      (58,610)             (415)


     The Company is incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted company with limited liability under the
     Companies Law of Bermuda and accordingly, is exempted from Bermuda income tax.

     Some of the subsidiaries are incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) as exempted companies
     with limited liability under the Companies Law of BVI and accordingly, are exempted from BVI income
     tax.

     Provision for the PRC enterprise income tax is calculated based on the statutory tax rate of 25% (The
     year ended March 31, 2023: 25%) on the assessable income of each of the group companies, except
     that: (1) two subsidiaries of the Group are taxed at preferential tax rates of 15% (The year ended March
     31, 2023: one under 25% and the other under 15%) under the relevant PRC tax rules and regulations;
     (2) one subsidiary of the Group, incorporated in Horgos, Xinjiang Province, is exempted from income
     taxes from the first year of generating revenue before December 31, 2030 and the exemption period
     is five years according to the relevant PRC tax rules and regulations; and (3) certain subsidiaries of the
     Group are small low-profit enterprises, followed by a reduced tax rate of 20% (The year ended March
     31, 2023: 20%).

     No provision for Hong Kong and the USA profit tax has been made as the group companies operating
     in Hong Kong and the USA did not have any assessable profit for both years.
222 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     12   EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE

                                                                                          For the year ended
                                                                                               March 31,
                                                                                              2024           2023
                                                                                         RMB cents       RMB cents

          Basic earnings/(loss) per share                                                       1.03              (1.09)
          Diluted earnings/(loss) per share                                                     1.03              (1.09)


          (a)    Basic

                 Basic earnings/(loss) per share is calculated by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to owners of
                 the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less shares held for
                 share award scheme during the year.

                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                                March 31,
                                                                                               2024           2023

                 Profit/(loss) from continuing operations attributable to owners
                   of the Company (RMB’000)                                                 334,583           (273,521)
                 Loss from discontinued operations attributable to owners of the
                   Company (RMB’000)                                                         (49,793)          (17,611)


                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less
                  shares held for share award scheme (thousands)                         27,651,787        26,790,977


                                                                                          For the year ended
                                                                                               March 31,
                                                                                              2024           2023
                                                                                         RMB cents       RMB cents

                 From continuing operations attributable to the owners of the
                   Company                                                                      1.21              (1.02)
                 From discontinued operations                                                  (0.18)             (0.07)


                 Total basic earnings per share attributable to the owners of the
                   Company                                                                      1.03              (1.09)
                                                                                      2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT              223
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

12   EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE(Continued)

     (b)   Diluted

           Diluted earnings or loss per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of
           ordinary shares outstanding to assume conversion of all potential dilutive ordinary shares. The
           Company had two categories of potential ordinary shares during the years ended March 31,
           2024 and 2023, which are share options and unvested awarded shares.

           For the year ended March 31, 2024, diluted earnings per share is calculated based on the profit
           for the year attributable to owners of the Company and the weighted average number of
           ordinary shares outstanding after adjustment for unvested awarded shares and share options
           granted to employees.

           The computation of diluted loss per share for the year ended March 31, 2023 did not assume
           the issuance of any dilutive potential ordinary share since they were antidilutive, which would
           decrease the loss per share.

                                                                                               For the year
                                                                                           ended March 31,
                                                                                                      2024

           From continuing operations attributable to the owners
             of the Company (RMB’000)                                                                334,583
           From discontinued operations (RMB’000)                                                    (49,793)


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less shares held for
             share award scheme (thousands)                                                      27,651,787
           Unvested awarded shares assumed vested (thousands)                                        97,389


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares for calculation of diluted
            earnings per share (thousands)                                                       27,749,176


                                                                                               For the year
                                                                                           ended March 31,
                                                                                                      2024
                                                                                                 RMB cents

           From continuing operations attributable to the owners of the Company                          1.21
           From discontinued operations                                                                 (0.18)


           Total diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company                    1.03
224 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     13   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD

                                                                                                    For the year ended
                                                                                                         March 31,
                                                                                                        2024           2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000

          At beginning of the year                                                                 1,827,249            1,723,173
          Additions                                                                                        –                1,375
          Transfers                                                                                        –              380,996
          Share of loss of investments (Note a)                                                       (78,616)            (39,472)
          Loss on dilution of interest in associates                                                        –            (130,976)
          Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of associates                                      6,120              (4,958)
          Share of changes of other reserves of an associate                                             (471)              1,481
          Impairment (Note b)                                                                        (112,552)           (127,589)
          Currency translation differences                                                             30,490              23,219


          At end of the year                                                                       1,672,220            1,827,249


          Notes:

          (a)      When the most recently available financial statements of associates or joint ventures are different from the
                   Group’s reporting date, the Group may take advantage of the provision contained in HKAS 28 whereby it is
                   permitted to include the attributable share of profit or loss of the associates or joint ventures based on the
                   financial statements drawn up to a non-coterminous period end where the difference must be no greater
                   than three months. Adjustments shall be made for the effects of significant transactions or events that occur
                   between that date and the balance sheet date of the Group.

                   The financial year end date of the Group is March 31, which is different from those of the associates and
                   joint ventures of the Group. The financial information of certain of the Group’s associates and joint ventures
                   as of March 31, 2024 and 2023 are not available. As a result, the Group records its share of profit or loss of
                   investments accounted for using the equity method for those associates and joint ventures on one quarter in
                   arrear basis for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023.

                   Bona Film Group Co., Limited (“Bona Film”) was listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange on August 18, 2022
                   and could provide its financial statements as of March 31, 2024 before the results announcement of
                   the Group. The Group ceases to take advantage of the non-coterminous period end provision for this
                   investment upon its listing and included the attributable share of profit or loss of this investment based on its
                   financial statements drawn up to a coterminous period end with the Group from this consolidated financial
                   statements for the year ended March 31, 2024.
                                                                                               2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT               225
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

13   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
     (Continued)
     (b)   The Group determines whether interests in the investments accounted for using the equity method are
           impaired by regularly reviewing whether there is any indication of impairment in accordance with relevant
           accounting standards.

           When impairment indicators of the investments accounted for using the equity method were identified,
           management determined the recoverable amounts, which was the higher of its fair value less costs of
           disposals and its value in use. When value in use calculations were undertaken, management estimated
           the present value of estimated future cash flows expected to arise from their businesses. When fair value
           less costs of disposals calculations were undertaken, management estimated the fair value using market
           approach.

           Based on the assessment results, the Group recognized an impairment loss of RMB112,552,000 (2023:
           RMB127,589,000) for the investments accounted for using the equity method of the Group for year ended
           March 31, 2024.

           In respect of the recoverable amount determined with reference to the value in use assessment result, the
           estimated cash flows used in the assessments were based on assumptions, such as long-term growth rates,
           pre-tax discount rates, forecasted revenue and gross margin, with reference to the business plans and
           prevailing market conditions. In respect of the recoverable amount determined with reference to the fair
           value less costs of disposals assessment result, the estimated fair values were based on assumptions, such as
           selection of comparable companies and liquidity discount for lack of marketability.

     (c)   The Directors of the Company are of the view that none of the Group’s associates or joint ventures was
           individually material to the Group as of March 31, 2024.

           As of March 31, 2024, the aggregate carrying amounts of individually immaterial associates and joint
           ventures were RMB1,631,361,000 and RMB40,859,000, respectively (2023: RMB1,773,865,000 and
           RMB53,384,000).

           During the year ended March 31, 2024, the aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of loss from continuing
           operations of individually immaterial associates and joint ventures were RMB71,953,000 and RMB6,663,000,
           respectively (2023: RMB32,370,000 and RMB7,102,000).
226 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     13   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
          (Continued)

          Nature of investment in associates and joint ventures as of March 31, 2024 and 2023:

                                                               Place of            % of ownership interest
          Name of entity                                       business               As of March 31,
                                                                                       2024            2023

          Associates:
          Hainan Alibaba Pictures Investment                   The PRC               40.00%         40.00%
            Management Limited
            海南阿里巴巴影業投資管理有限公司
          Shanghai Movie & Media Co., Ltd.                     The PRC                 5.00% *       5.00% *
            上海影視傳媒股份有限公司
          Hainan Alibaba Pictures Entertainment Industry       The PRC               59.95% **     24.987%
            Investment Fund (LLP)
            海南阿里巴巴影業文化產業基金合夥企業(有限合夥)
          Bona Film Group Limited                              The PRC                 6.18% *       6.18% *
            博納影業集團股份有限公司
          Shanghai Zhuying Investment Management               The PRC                 7.53% *       7.53% *
            Consulting Limited
            上海築影投資管理諮詢有限公司
          Shanghai Mingjian Limited                            The PRC                 6.25% *       6.25% *
            上海鳴澗影業有限公司
          Showtime Analytics Limited                           Ireland               14.90% *       10.60% *
          Storyteller Holding Co., LLC                         USA                       5% *           5% *
          HeHe (Shanghai) Film Limited                         The PRC               30.00%         30.00%
            禾和( 上海)影業有限公司
          Wuhan Two Ten Culture Communication Limited          The PRC               17.79% *       17.79% *
            武漢兩點十分文化傳播有限公司
          Wave Film Culture Development (Qinhuangdao)          The PRC               22.50%         22.50%
            Co., Ltd.
            海浪電影文化發展(秦皇島)有限公司
          YH Entertainment Group                               The PRC               12.26% *       12.26% *
            樂華娛樂集團
                                                                                                2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT                227
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

13   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
     (Continued)

                                                                 Place of                % of ownership interest
     Name of entity                                              business                   As of March 31,
                                                                                             2024            2023

     Joint ventures:
     Beijing Yunshangwenxin Culture Media Co., Ltd.              The PRC                   51.00% **           51.00% **
       北京雲尚文心文化傳媒有限公司
     Shanghai Shengtian Movie & Media Co., Ltd.                  The PRC                   60.00% **           60.00% **
       上海晟天影視傳媒有限公司
     Sparkling Fish (Suzhou) Technology Co., Ltd.                The PRC                    43.75%             43.75%
       閃閃魚(蘇州)科技有限公司
     Oriental Wenyun (Beijing) Culture Technology                The PRC                    40.00%             40.00%
       Co. Ltd.
       東方文韻(北京)文化科技有限公司
     Kunshan Digital Dream Workshop Film and                     The PRC                    35.00%             35.00%
       Television Culture Industry Co., Ltd.
       昆山數字夢工廠影視文化產業有限公司

     *     Although the Group holds less than 20% of the equity shares of these investees, the Group can exercise
           significant influence over the investees by virtue of its contractual right to appoint director to the board of
           Directors of the investees and has the power to participate in the key financial and operating decisions of the
           investees. As such, the investment in these investees were accounted for using the equity method.

     **    Although the Group holds more than 50% of the equity shares of these investees, the investments in
           these entities are accounted for as investments in joint ventures as unanimous consent is required from
           all shareholders of these entities for approving certain relevant activities according to the respective
           shareholders’ agreements of these entities.
228 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     14   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                      Furniture,
                                                      Leasehold     fittings and            Motor
                                                  improvements       equipment            vehicles            Total
                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

          For the year ended
            March 31, 2023
          Opening net book amount                        14,790             7,843              719            23,352
          Additions                                       2,401             6,736              436             9,573
          Disposals                                      (2,194)           (1,148)               –            (3,342)
          Depreciation charge (Note 8)                   (7,372)           (4,441)             (253)         (12,066)


          Closing net book amount                         7,625            8,990               902            17,517


          At March 31, 2023
          Cost                                          171,440          143,459              4,264          319,163
          Accumulated depreciation                     (130,873)        (132,909)            (3,362)        (267,144)
          Impairment                                    (32,942)          (1,560)                 –          (34,502)


          Net book amount                                 7,625            8,990               902            17,517


          For the year ended
            March 31, 2024
          Opening net book amount                         7,625            8,990               902            17,517
          Additions                                         198            8,997               597             9,792
          Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 36)           1,951           26,933                 –            28,884
          Disposals                                      (1,616)            (633)                –            (2,249)
          Depreciation charge (Note 8)                   (1,940)         (13,311)             (270)          (15,521)


          Closing net book amount                         6,218           30,976             1,229            38,423


          At March 31, 2024
          Cost                                           44,558          123,376             1,895           169,829
          Accumulated depreciation                      (38,340)         (92,400)             (666)         (131,406)


          Net book amount                                 6,218           30,976             1,229            38,423


          Note:

          During the year ended March 31, 2024, depreciation charge of RMB15,521,000 (2023: RMB12,066,000) has been
          charged to ‘Administrative expenses’.
                                                                                                                 2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT                   229
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

15   GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                           Film and
                                                          television
                                                        programme        Operating
                                                         production          license
                                                                  and         of the
                                                        distribution      ticketing   Customer
                                               Goodwill       license       system relationship     Patent Brand Name     Others       Total
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000

     For the year ended March 31, 2023
     Opening net book amount                   3,551,116        7,808       88,744       10,255          –          –      6,869    3,664,792
     Additions                                         –            –            –            –          –          –        285          285
     Amortization charge (Note 8)                      –            –      (10,867)      (1,775)         –          –     (1,569)     (14,211)


     Closing net book amount                   3,551,116        7,808       77,877        8,480          –          –      5,585    3,650,866


     At March 31, 2023
     Cost                                      3,607,047        7,808      163,000       34,300          –          –     19,113    3,831,268
     Accumulated amortization and impairment     (55,931)           –      (85,123)     (25,820)         –          –    (13,528)    (180,402)


     Net book amount                           3,551,116        7,808       77,877        8,480          –          –      5,585    3,650,866


     For the year ended March 31, 2024
     Opening net book amount                   3,551,116        7,808       77,877        8,480          –          –      5,585    3,650,866
     Additions                                         –            –            –            –          –          –      2,091        2,091
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 36)         3,766            –            –      115,720      6,005     38,285          –      163,776
     Amortization charge (Note 8)                      –            –      (10,867)      (6,716)      (200)    (1,276)      (980)     (20,039)
     Impairment Loss                                   –       (7,808)           –            –          –          –          –       (7,808)


     Closing net book amount                   3,554,882            –       67,010      117,484      5,805     37,009      6,696    3,788,886


     At March 31, 2024
     Cost                                      3,554,882        7,808      163,000      150,020      6,005     38,285     21,204    3,941,204
     Accumulated amortization and impairment           –       (7,808)     (95,990)     (32,536)      (200)    (1,276)   (14,508)    (152,318)


     Net book amount                           3,554,882            –       67,010      117,484      5,805     37,009      6,696    3,788,886


     During the year ended March 31, 2024, amortization charge of RMB20,039,000 (2023: RMB14,211,000)
     was charged to ‘Administrative expenses’.
230 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     15   GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

          For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful life have
          been allocated to several CGUs which are grouped in four segments, including several subsidiaries in
          the film ticketing and technology platform segment, the film investment, production, promotion and
          distribution segment, IP merchandising and innovation initiatives segment and Damai segment. The
          following is a summary of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful life allocation for each
          operating and reportable segment:

                                                                                                   As of March 31,
                                                                                                             2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000

          Goodwill
          – Film ticketing and technology platform                                                        2,776,916
          – Film investment, production, promotion and distribution                                         524,293
          – IP merchandising and innovation initiatives                                                     249,907
          – Damai                                                                                             3,766


                                                                                                          3,554,882


                                                                                                    As of March 31,
                                                                                                              2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000

          Goodwill
          – Film ticketing and technology platform                                                        2,776,916
          – Film investment, production, promotion and distribution                                         524,293
          – IP merchandising and innovation initiatives                                                     249,907
          Intangible assets with indefinite useful life
          – Film investment, production, promotion and distribution                                           7,808


                                                                                                          3,558,924
                                                                                        2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT         231
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

15   GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

     Impairment review on the goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful life of the Group was
     conducted by management as of March 31, 2024 according to HKAS 36 “Impairment of assets”. For
     the purposes of impairment review, the recoverable amount of the CGUs is determined based on VIU.

     The VIU calculations use cash flows projections based on financial budget prepared by management
     covering a five-year period. Major underlying assumptions adopted as of March 31, 2024 are
     summarized below:

                                                                       Film
                                                               investment,                  IP
                                           Film ticketing      production,     merchandising
                                         and technology     promotion and     and innovation
                                                platform       distribution        initiatives        Damai

     Pre-tax discount rates                 23.7%-24.6%      24.1%-25.2%               26.2%          14.7%
     Long-term growth rate                         2.5%             2.5%                2.5%             2%

     Other key assumptions for the VIU calculations relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows which
     include forecast revenue, gross margin, gross merchandise value (“GMV”) and the ratio of market
     promotion expenses to GMV, such estimation is based on the past performance of the CGUs and
     management’s expectations for the market development.

     Based on above assessment, during the year ended March 31, 2024, no impairment was recognized for
     the goodwill (2023: nil).
232 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     16   LEASE

          (a)   Amounts recognized in the balance sheet

                The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                          As of March 31,        As of March 31,
                                                                                    2024                   2023
                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000

                Right-of-use assets
                Buildings                                                             6,566             115,016
                Equipment                                                                 –                 493


                                                                                      6,566             115,509


                Lease liabilities
                –Current                                                             5,897               27,201
                –Non-current                                                        58,408              118,566


                                                                                    64,305              145,767


                Additions to the right-of-use assets for the year ended March 31, 2024 were RMB5,394,000
                (2023: RMB9,763,000).


          (b)   Amounts recognized in the statement of profit or loss

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                          March 31,
                                                                                         2024           2023
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000

                Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 8)                     14,316           32,309
                Interest expense on lease liabilities (Note 10)                            781            1,007
                Rental expense for short-term and low-value leases (Note 8)              1,862            1,226

                The total cash outflow for leases for the year ended March 31, 2024 was RMB38,934,000 (2023:
                RMB33,176,000).


          (c)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for

                The Group leases various operating properties, equipment and offices. Rental contracts are
                typically made for fixed periods of 2 to 16 years.
                                                                                           2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT              233
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

17   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                       For the year ended
                                                                                            March 31
                                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000

     Opening net book amount                                                             20,238             21,400
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                        427,339                  –
     Depreciation charge                                                                 (4,031)            (1,162)


     Closing net book amount                                                            443,546             20,238


     Cost                                                                               450,579             23,240
     Accumulated depreciation                                                            (7,033)            (3,002)


     Net book amount                                                                    443,546             20,238


     Fair value at end of the year                                                      474,346             31,116


     Investment properties consist of leased properties, which represent right-of-use assets that meet the
     definition of investment properties. They are initially measured based on the initial amount of the
     relevant lease liability. The lease liability is initially measured at the net present value of lease payments
     discounted using the implicit interest rate in the lease. The ownership of such leased properties are not
     transferred to the Group from the lessors. The leased properties are depreciated over the lease term
     which is shorter than their useful life on a straight-line basis. As at 31 March, 2024, the Group had one
     such lease contract (2023: nil).

     As at 31 March, 2024, the fair value of the Company’s investment properties is based on the valuations
     performed by an independent professional valuers. The investment properties, mainly located in the
     Mainland China, are valued by the income approach by taking into account the net rental income of the
     properties derived from the existing leases and/or achievable in the existing market with due allowance
     for the reversionary income potential of the leases, which have been then capitalized to determine
     the fair value at an appropriate capitalization rate. The fair value falls into the category of fair value
     measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3) including future rental cash inflows and
     capitalization rate.
234 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     18   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

          (a)   Classification of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                The Group classifies the following financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:

                •      debt investments that do not qualify for measurement at either amortized cost or FVOCI,
                       and

                •      equity investments for which the entity has not elected to recognize fair value gains and
                       losses through OCI.

                Financial assets measured at FVTPL include the following:

                                                                                           As of March 31,
                                                                                             2024          2023
                                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

                Non-current assets
                Unlisted investments                                                       661,645          700,927
                Listed investment                                                           38,984           59,394


                                                                                           700,629          760,321


                Current assets
                Investments in structured deposits                                         706,196                 –


          (b)   Amounts recognized in profit or loss

                During the year, the following gains/(losses) were recognized in the consolidated statements of
                profit or loss:

                                                                                          For the year ended
                                                                                               March 31,
                                                                                              2024           2023
                                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000

                Fair value gain on investments in wealth management
                  products (Note 3.3 and 7)                                                       –               63
                Fair value gains on structured deposits(Note 3.3 and 7)                     12,655             8,700
                Fair value loss on unlisted investments (Note 3.3 and 7)                   (33,150)         (239,316)
                Fair value (loss)/gain on listed investment (Note 7)                       (22,469)           14,064


          (c)   Risk exposure and fair value measurements

                Information about the Group’s exposure to price risk is provided in Note 3.1. For information
                about the methods and assumptions used in determining fair value please refer to Note 3.3.
                                                  2023/24 年度報告
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT       235
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

19   FILM AND TV RIGHTS AND INVESTMENTS

                                               As of March 31,
                                                 2024          2023
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

     Film and TV rights
     – Production completed                      72,430     131,774
     – Production yet to be completed         2,148,355   1,659,319


                                              2,220,785   1,791,093


     Film and TV investments, at fair value
     – Current                                   8,068       43,568
     – Non-current                               2,894      141,375


                                                10,962      184,943


                                              2,231,747   1,976,036
236 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     19   FILM AND TV RIGHTS AND INVESTMENTS (Continued)

          Movements of film and TV rights and investments are as below:

                                                                                   Film and TV
                                                                   Film and       investments,
                                                                   TV rights          fair value       Total
                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000

          For the year ended March 31, 2023
          Opening net book amount                                  1,727,729           217,067      1,944,796
          Additions                                                1,648,184                 –      1,648,184
          Recognized as an expense included in cost of sales
            and services                                          (1,317,938)                 –    (1,317,938)
          Change in fair value of film and TV investments                  –            73,787         73,787
          Impairment loss                                            (58,052)                –        (58,052)
          Refund of investment                                        (2,863)                –         (2,863)
          Disposal                                                  (207,756)                –       (207,756)
          Derecognition                                                    –          (109,407)      (109,407)
          Currency translation differences                                1,789          3,496          5,285


          Closing net book amount                                  1,791,093           184,943      1,976,036


          For the year ended March 31, 2024
          Opening net book amount                                  1,791,093           184,943      1,976,036
          Additions                                                2,248,228                 –      2,248,228
          Recognized as an expense included in cost of sales
            and services                                          (1,474,925)                 –    (1,474,925)
          Change in fair value of film and TV investments                  –            11,151         11,151
          Impairment loss                                           (204,643)                –       (204,643)
          Refund of investment                                        (4,118)                –         (4,118)
          Disposal                                                  (135,434)                –       (135,434)
          Derecognition                                                    –          (185,371)      (185,371)
          Currency translation differences                                 584             239            823


          Closing net book amount                                  2,220,785            10,962      2,231,747


          During the year ended March 31, 2024, management of the Group considered the expected future
          income of certain film and TV copyrights could not recover the respective carrying amounts and an
          impairment charge of RMB204,643,000 (2023: RMB58,052,000) was recognized as cost of sales and
          services.
                                                                             2023/24 年度報告
                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT       237
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

20   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     The Group holds the following financial instruments:

                                                                          As of March 31,
                                                                            2024          2023
                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000

     Financial assets
     Financial assets at amortized cost
     – Trade receivables (Note 21)                                       1,839,802   1,454,256
     – Other receivables (excluding non-financial assets)                1,394,383   1,212,541
     – Cash and cash equivalents (Note 23)                               4,413,697   3,919,526
     – Restricted cash (Note 23)                                             4,159       2,139
     – Bank deposits with the maturity over three months (Note 23)       2,296,932           –
     – Bank deposits with the maturity over one year (Note 23)           1,217,522     300,880
     Film and TV investments, at fair value (Note 19)                       10,962     184,943
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Note 18)     1,406,825     760,321


                                                                        12,584,282   7,834,606


     Financial liabilities
     Financial liabilities at amortized cost
     – Trade and other payables (excluding non-financial liabilities)    4,785,441     846,573
     – Lease liabilities (Note 16)                                          64,305     145,767
     Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss              7,650      13,050


                                                                         4,857,396   1,005,390
238 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     21   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, AND PREPAYMENTS

                                                         As of March 31, 2024                   As of March 31, 2023
                                                    Current Non-current         Total      Current Non-current          Total
                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

          Trade receivables (Note a)
          – Related parties (Note 32(b))           1,187,094           –    1,187,094     942,431             –      942,431
          – Third parties                            776,962           –      776,962     627,036             –      627,036
          Less: allowance for impairment of
            trade receivables (Note 3.1)           (124,254)           –     (124,254)    (115,211)           –      (115,211)


          Trade receivables – net                  1,839,802           –    1,839,802    1,454,256            –     1,454,256


          Prepaid film deposits (Note b)             12,500       34,000       46,500            –       49,796       49,796
          Prepayments for licensed assets           133,285            –      133,285        6,700            –        6,700
          Prepayments for entertainment events       96,321            –       96,321            –            –            –
          Other prepayments                         118,490        4,412      122,902      66,851             –       66,851
          Other receivables arising from
            (Note c):
            – Receivables from related parties
                 (Note 32(b))                        55,372            –       55,372      61,549             –       61,549
            – Loan receivables (Note d)             413,354     338,707       752,061     768,319       147,960      916,279
            – Receivables in respect of
                 reimbursed live performance
                 expenses                           334,198            –      334,198            –            –             –
            – Receivables in respect of
                 reimbursed film distribution
                 expenses                           294,890            –      294,890     155,206             –      155,206
            – Receivables in relation to other
                 film and TV investments            266,646            –      266,646     344,420             –      344,420
            – Deductible VAT input                  180,366            –      180,366     138,466             –      138,466
            – Interest income receivables            58,222            –       58,222      31,975             –       31,975
            – Receivables in relation to tickets     13,475            –       13,475           –             –            –
            – Deposits receivables                   10,801            –       10,801      12,398             –       12,398
            – Others                                 81,336       23,701      105,037     106,560        24,355      130,915
          Less: allowance for impairment
                   of prepayments and other
                   receivables (Note 3.1)          (496,319)           –     (496,319)    (440,201)           –      (440,201)


          Other receivables and prepayments
            – net                                  1,572,937    400,820     1,973,757    1,252,243      222,111     1,474,354


          Total trade and other receivables,
            and prepayments                        3,412,739    400,820     3,813,559    2,706,499      222,111     2,928,610
                                                                                                    2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT             239
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

21   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, AND PREPAYMENTS (Continued)

     The fair values of the current portion of trade and other receivables approximate their carrying value.

     Notes:

     (a)      Trade receivables

              The normal credit period granted to the debtors of the Group is generally within 1 year. Before accepting
              any new debtor, the Group assesses the potential debtor’s credit quality and defines credit limits by debtor.
              Credit limits granted to debtors are reviewed regularly.

              The following is an aging analysis of trade receivables based on recognition date:

                                                                                                 As of March 31,
                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000

              0 – 90 days                                                                          467,787          697,032
              91 – 180 days                                                                        686,900           67,150
              181 – 365 days                                                                       129,529          140,693
              Over 365 days                                                                        679,840          664,592


                                                                                              1,964,056           1,569,467


              Information about the impairment of trade receivables and the Group’s exposure to credit risk and foreign
              currency risk can be found in Note 3.1.

     (b)      Prepaid film deposits

              These prepaid film deposits as of March 31, 2024 represented the prepayments made by the Group to
              Mr. Wong Kar Wai pursuant to film rights purchase agreement, Mr Xu Hong Yu and Mr Zhang Yi Bai
              pursuant to their respective film cooperation agreements, and Ruyi Films pursuant to film rights investment
              agreement.

     (c)      Other receivables

              These balances generally arose from transactions surrounding the operating activities of the Group. The non-
              current other receivables are due for repayment within 1 to 5 years from the balance sheet date.

              Note 3.1 sets out information about the impairment of other receivables and the Group’s exposure to credit
              risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk.
240 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     21   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, AND PREPAYMENTS (Continued)
          Notes: (Continued)

          (d)    Loan receivables

                 In February 2019, the Group lent RMB700,000,000 to Huayi Brothers Media Corporation (“Huayi Brothers”),
                 a third party independent of the Company and its connected persons, which bears an interest rate at the
                 People’s Bank of China 5-year base lending rate with a maturity of 5 years. The loan receivable is secured by
                 pledge of equity interest in a subsidiary of Huayi Brothers, rights to receive investment return under a fund
                 invested by Huayi Brothers, certain properties held by two major shareholders of Huayi Brothers, as well as
                 unlimited joint and several guarantees provided by two major shareholders of Huayi Brothers.

                 During the year ended March 31, 2020, one of the pledged assets was changed from rights to receive
                 investment return under a fund invested by Huayi Brothers to a property held by Huayi Brothers.

                 Through transferring the 100% shareholding rights of 北京華誼兄弟嘉利文化發展有限公司 (“Huayi Jiali”),
                 Huayi Brothers repaid the principal amount of RMB350,000,000 during the year ended March 31, 2024.
                 Huayi Jiali is principally engaged in property management business and is managing one of the pledged
                 assets under the loan agreement. The settlement amount was measured based on the fair value of the
                 net assets of Huayi Jiali. The recoverability of the remaining balance of the loan receivables amounted to
                 RMB350,000,000 will be secured by the equity interest in a subsidiary of Huayi Brothers, certain properties
                 held by two major shareholders of Huayi Brothers, as well as unlimited joint and several guarantees provided
                 by two major shareholders of Huayi Brothers. In January 2024, the Group agreed to defer the settlement
                 period for RMB350,000,000 to July 2024.

                 In October 2019, the Group lent US$19,512,000 to Skillgreat Limited, a third party independent of the
                 Company and its connected persons, which bears an interest at 3% per annum with a maturity of 3 years.
                 The loan receivable is secured by pledge of certain properties held by the related parties of Skillgreat Limited.
                 In October 2022, the Group agreed to defer the settlement period for US$7,437,000 and US$12,075,000
                 to October 2023 and October 2025 respectively. In October 2023, the Group agreed to defer the settlement
                 period for US$7,437,000 to October 2024. Therefore, the amount of US$12,075,000 was treated as non-
                 current assets as of March 31, 2024.

                 In December 2022, the Group lent RMB64,170,000 to Beijing Bona Film Base Investment Management
                 Co., Ltd., a company 100% controlled by a major shareholder of Bona Film, was regarded as a third party
                 independent of the Company and its connected persons, which bears an interest at 3% per annum with a
                 maturity of 3 years. The loan receivable is secured by pledge of a certain property.

                 In May 2023, the Group lent RMB8,000,000 to Beijing Feelfine Culture Media Co.,Ltd, a third party
                 independent of the Company and its connected persons, which bears an fixed interest rate at 8% per
                 annum. The loan receivable is secured by pledge of unlimited joint and several guarantees provided by the
                 actual controller.

                 In July 2023, the Group lent RMB175,000,000 to Beijing Guoan Football Club, a third party independent of
                 the Company and its connected persons, which bears an interest rate at the People’s Bank of China 5-year
                 base lending rate with a maturity of 5 years. The loan receivable is secured by pledge of dividend right, as
                 well as unlimited joint and several guarantees provided by holding parent company of Beijing Guoan Football
                 Club.
                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT              241
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

22   INVENTORIES

                                                                                   As of March 31,
                                                                                     2024          2023
                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000

     Merchandise                                                                     31,100             38,744


     The cost of goods recognized as cost of sales amounted to approximately RMB287,308,000 for the year
     ended 31 March 2024 (2023: RMB98,245,000).


23   CASH AND BANK BALANCE

     (a)   Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                   As of March 31,
                                                                                     2024          2023
                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000

           Cash and deposits at banks and other financial institution            4,413,697            3,919,526


           As of March 31, 2024, the Group had placed deposits amounted to RMB179,467,000 (2023:
           RMB184,285,000) in online payment platform accounts managed by Alipay.com Co., Ltd.
           (“Alipay”, a related company of Alibaba Holding) in connection with the provision of online and
           mobile commerce and related services, which were recorded as ‘cash and cash equivalents’ in
           the consolidated balance sheets.

           The deposits at banks earn interests at floating rates based on prevailing market rates.


     (b)   Restricted cash

                                                                                   As of March 31,
                                                                                     2024          2023
                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000

           Restricted cash                                                            4,159              2,139


           As of March 31, 2024, the cash equivalents placed in payment platform, including those in
           restricted cash, amounting to RMB4,159,000 (2023: RMB2,139,000) represent restricted funds in
           bank accounts and restricted cash placed in Alipay.
242 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     23   CASH AND BANK BALANCE (Continued)

          (c)   Bank deposits with the maturity over three months

                                                                                       As of March 31,
                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000

                Bank deposits with the maturity over three months                    2,296,932                     –


          (d)   Bank deposits with the maturity over one year

                                                                                       As of March 31,
                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000

                Bank deposits with the maturity over one year                        1,217,522          300,880


                Bank deposits with the maturity over one year are bank deposits with original maturity for three
                years. The effective interest rate for the bank deposits with the maturity over one year was
                3.10% for the year ended March 31, 2024.


          (e)   Currency denomination

                                                                                       As of March 31,
                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000

                RMB                                                                  6,423,952         3,101,496
                US$                                                                  1,490,149         1,106,007
                HK$                                                                     17,070            15,042
                TW$                                                                        944                 –
                MOP                                                                        164                 –
                EUR                                                                         29                 –
                AUD                                                                          2                 –


                                                                                     7,932,310         4,222,545
                                                                                   2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT             243
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

24   SHARE CAPITAL

     Ordinary shares of HK$0.25 each, issued and fully paid:

                                                               Number of
                                                                  shares          Share capital
                                                                                HKD’000       RMB’000

     At March 31, 2023                                   26,975,740,156        6,743,935        5,452,976


     Issuance of shares                                    2,513,028,847        628,257          573,175


     At March 31, 2024                                   29,488,769,003        7,372,192        6,026,151


25   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT

     During the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, share-based payment expenses recognized in the
     consolidated statements of profit or loss included:

                                                                               For the year ended
                                                                                    March 31,
                                                                                   2024           2023
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000

     Share-based payment under the Share Option Scheme (Note 25(a))                4,282          21,076
     Share-based payment under the Share Award Scheme (Note 25(b))                80,111         115,309
     Share-based payment transactions with ultimate parent (Note 25(c))           35,881          67,818


                                                                                120,274          204,203


     (a)   Share option scheme

           The 2012 share option scheme (the “2012 Share Option Scheme”) was adopted by the Company
           pursuant to a resolution passed by the Company’s shareholders on June 11, 2012 for the
           primary purpose of providing incentives or rewards to any director, employee and other eligible
           participants who may make contribution to the Group. The 2012 Share Option Scheme has been
           terminated, and a new 2021 share option scheme has been adopted on September 6, 2021 (the
           “2021 Share Option Scheme”). All outstanding options granted under the 2012 Share Option
           Scheme remain valid upon expiry of the 2012 Share Option Scheme.

           The maximum aggregate number of shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all
           outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2012 Share Option Scheme, must
           not exceed 30% of the total number of shares of the Company in issue from time to time.
244 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     25   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued)

          (a)   Share option scheme (Continued)

                The total number of Shares (i) available for issue upon exercise of all share options which have
                been or may be granted under the 2021 Share Option Scheme and (ii) available for issue in
                respect of any share options or awards which have been or may be granted under the other
                share schemes adopted by the Company from time to time must not, in aggregate, exceed
                8% of the shares of the Company in issue as at August 31, 2021 (being the date on which the
                2021 Share Option Scheme was being approved by the shareholders of the Company in general
                meeting) unless an approval by the shareholders of the Company at general meeting has been
                obtained.

                Where the options are forfeited prior to the vesting date due to a failure by the employee to
                satisfy the service conditions, any expenses previously recognized in relation to such options are
                reversed on the effective date of the forfeiture. No further adjustments should be made after the
                vesting date, regardless of whether the options are forfeited later.

                There are no options granted during the year ended March 31, 2024.

                At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options
                that are expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision of the estimates during the
                vesting period, if any, is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, with a
                corresponding adjustment to the share option reserve.

                The vesting condition of the granted options during the year ended March 31, 2024 is a service
                time and the vesting period ranges from 4 to 6 years.

                Movements of the share options granted by the Company pursuant to the 2012 Share Option
                Scheme are as below:

                                                    For the year ended               For the year ended
                                                      March 31, 2024                  March 31, 2023
                                                  Weighted
                                                    average                        Weighted
                                              exercise price                average exercise
                                                 in HK$ per       Number of price in HK$ per        Number of
                                               share option share options       share option     share options

                At beginning of the year               1.102       13,475,000             1.220      239,785,600
                Lapsed                                 1.477       (1,100,000)            1.275      (54,848,000)
                Cancelled                              1.067                –             1.212     (171,462,600)


                At ending of the year                  1.068       12,375,000             1.102       13,475,000
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT            245
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

25   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued)

     (a)   Share option scheme (Continued)

           Note:

           For the ended March 31, 2024, value of employee services provided under the Share Option Scheme
           recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss was RMB4,282,000 (March 31, 2023:
           RMB21,076,000).


           Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following grant dates, expiry dates
           and exercise prices:

                                                                  Exercise price     Number of share options
                                                                     in HK$ per
           Grant date               Expiry date                    share option           As of March 31,
                                                                                           2024           2023

           January 18, 2018         January 17, 2028                       1.060       1,200,000       1,200,000
           May 31, 2019             May 30, 2029                           1.630               –         800,000
           June 5, 2020             June 4, 2030                           1.070       3,675,000       3,975,000
           June 11, 2021            June 10, 2031                          1.066       7,500,000       7,500,000


                                                                                     12,375,000       13,475,000


           The period within which the share options must be exercised shall not be more than 10 years
           from the date of grant. The options outstanding as of March 31, 2024 had a weighted average
           remaining contractual life of 6 years (2023: 7 years).
246 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     25   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued)

          (b)   Share Award Scheme

                On December 30, 2016 (the “SAS Adoption Date”), the Company adopted the Share Award
                Scheme as approved by the Board of Directors and amended on March 29, 2019, January 17,
                2020 and August 30, 2023 (the “SAS Approval Date”), respectively.

                The purpose of the Share Award Scheme is to (a) recognize the contributions by certain
                individuals being employees (whether full-time or part-time) and directors (including any
                executive director, non-executive director and independent non-executive director) of any
                member of the Group, any Related Entity or any Associated Company and any person who
                provides services to the Group on a continuing or recurring basis in its ordinary and usual
                course of business which are in the interests of the long term growth of the Group, including:
                (a) suppliers of services to any member of the Group; and (b) advisors (professional or others)
                or consultants to any area of business or business development of any member of the Group,
                provided that any placing agents or financial advisers providing advisory services to the Group
                for fundraising, mergers or acquisitions and professional services providers such as auditors or
                valuers who provide assurance or are required to perform their services with impartiality and
                objectivity should not be Service Providers for the purpose of the Share Award Scheme (the
                “SAS Service Provider”) and to provide incentives to retain them for the continual operation and
                development of the Group, and (b) attract suitable personnel for further development of the
                Group.

                The Group has established Share Award Trust to hold and administer the Company’s shares
                before they are vested and transferred to selected grantees. Upon granting of shares to selected
                grantees, the awarded shares are either subscribed by the allotment and issuance of new shares
                of the Company or purchased from the open market by the Share Award Trust (with funds
                provided by the Company by way of settlement or otherwise contributed by the Company).

                Subject to any early termination determined by the Board of Directors, the Share Award Scheme
                shall be valid and effective for a term commencing on the SAS Adoption Date and ending on the
                earliest of the following:

                (a)   the 10th anniversary date of the SAS Adoption Date,

                (b)   the date when an order for the winding-up of the Company is made or a resolution is
                      passed for the voluntary winding-up of the Company, or

                (c)   the date as may be informed by the Company that the Share Award Scheme shall be
                      terminated.

                As of March 31, 2024, the remaining life of the Share Award Scheme was approximately 8 years.
                                                                                              2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT                247
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

25   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued)

     (b)   Share Award Scheme (Continued)

           The maximum aggregate number of shares in respect of which awards (the “Awards”) of shares
           may be granted by the Board pursuant to the Share Award Scheme and any other schemes of
           the Company must not exceed eight percent (8%) of the shares in issue as at the SAS Approval
           Date. Subject to the SAS scheme mandate limit, the total number of Shares in respect of which
           Awards may be granted to the SAS Service Providers under the Share Award Scheme must not
           exceed one per cent (1%) of the shares in issue as at the SAS Approval Date. The total number
           of shares issued and to be issued in respect of the Awards granted under the Share Award
           Scheme and share options and awards granted under any other schemes of the Company to
           each participant selected by the Board for participation in the Share Award Scheme (excluding
           any options, awards and Awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Award
           Scheme or other schemes of the Company, as the case may be) in any 12-month period must not
           exceed 1% of the shares in issue.

           The Share Award Trust shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any shares held by it
           under the Share Award Scheme. Dividends declared for any shares held by the Share Award
           Trust shall become part of the trust fund for future purchase of shares.

           Movements of the awarded shares granted by the Company pursuant to the Share Award
           Scheme are as below:

                                                   For the year ended                     For the year ended
                                                     March 31, 2024                         March 31, 2023
                                                 Weighted                               Weighted
                                                   average                                 average
                                             exercise price      Number of           exercise price
                                                in HK$ per        awarded              in HK$ per        Number of
                                                      share         shares                   share awarded shares

           At beginning of the year                    0.938      358,645,157                 1.207      305,075,251
           Granted (Note)                              0.419      251,431,350                 0.671      199,008,604
           Vested                                      0.969     (132,521,892)                1.179     (106,673,452)
           Lapsed                                      0.661      (23,347,071)                1.024      (38,765,246)


           At ending of the year                       0.655      454,207,544                 0.938      358,645,157


           Note:

           For the newly granted shares during the year ended March 31, 2024, the vesting condition is service time
           and the vesting period ranges from 4 to 6 years.

           The fair value of restricted shares charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss was RMB80,111,000
           during the year ended March 31, 2024 (2023: RMB115,309,000).
248 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     25   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued)

          (c)    Share-based payment transactions with ultimate parent

                 On September 29, 2022, the Company and Alibaba Holding entered into a framework
                 agreement relating to equity-based compensation (“EBC”) cost allocation and reimbursement
                 (the “Framework Agreement”). As each of Alibaba Holding and the Company is committed to
                 allow internal transfers between the Group and Alibaba Holding, its subsidiaries and affiliates
                 (other than the Group) (the “Alibaba Holding Entities”, each an “Alibaba Holding Entity”) when
                 equity-based awards are vital to attract, incentivize and retain employees, each of them agreed
                 to enter into the Framework Agreement, allowing the grantees to retain their awards after the
                 internal transfers and allocating their EBC costs to the relevant entity to which such grantee has
                 joined.

                 In respect of the restricted share units, options or any other equity incentive awards of Alibaba
                 Holding Entities pursuant to their respective equity inventive plans and/or any other EBC plans
                 (the “Alibaba Holding Group Awards”) held by any grantees (whose employment is transferred
                 from an Alibaba Holding Entity to a Group Entity), Alibaba Holding may allocate the EBC costs
                 associated with those unvested Alibaba Holding Group Awards to the Company and subject to
                 relevant adjustments upon vesting, the Company may reimburse Alibaba Holding the amount
                 in respect of the relevant vested Alibaba Holding Group Awards. The cost allocation from
                 Alibaba Holding to the Company was treated as share-based payment transactions with Alibaba
                 Holding and the related share-based payment expenses were to be recognized in profit or
                 loss over the remaining vesting periods of the share-based compensation in accordance with
                 ‘HKFRS 2 – Share-based payment’. The Company recognized share-based payment expenses of
                 RMB35,881,000 for Alibaba Holding Group Awards for the year ended March 31, 2024, with
                 a net amount of RMB51,188,000 to be reimbursed by the Company to Alibaba Holding as of
                 March 31, 2024, after offsetting any payment payable to each other pursuant to the Framework
                 Agreement.

                 In respect of the awarded shares, options or any other equity incentive awards of the Group
                 pursuant to its share award scheme(s), share option scheme(s) and any other EBC plans (the
                 “Group Awards”) held by any grantees (whose employment is transferred from a Group Entity
                 to an Alibaba Holding Entity), the Company may allocate the EBC costs associated with those
                 unvested Group Awards to Alibaba Holding and subject to relevant adjustments upon vesting,
                 Alibaba Holding may reimburse the Company the amount in respect of the relevant vested
                 Group Awards. During the year ended March 31, 2024, the related share-based compensation
                 recognized in relation to the cost allocation above and the corresponding amount derecognized
                 in other reserve amounted to RMB9,046,000 (2023: RMB10,216,000).


     26   RESERVES

          As of March 31, 2024, the Group’s retained earnings included PRC subsidiaries’ statutory surplus
          reserve of RMB55,201,000 (2023: RMB53,215,000).

          In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC, certain Group’s PRC subsidiaries shall
          set aside 10% of its profit after income tax (based on the PRC statutory financial statements and after
          offsetting accumulated losses from prior years) for the statutory surplus reserve fund (except where the
          reserve balance has reached 50% of the registered capital).
                                                                                       2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT             249
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

26   RESERVES (Continued)

     In addition, in accordance with the Law of the PRC on Enterprises with Foreign Investments,
     appropriation from net profits (based on the PRC statutory financial statements after offsetting
     accumulated losses from prior years) should be made by the Group’s wholly owned foreign subsidiaries
     in the PRC to their respective reserve funds. The percentage of net profit to be appropriated to the
     reserve fund is not less than 10% of the net profit. When the balance of the reserve fund reaches 50%
     of the registered capital, such transfer need not be made.

     The statutory surplus reserves and the reserve funds can be used to make up for the loss or increase
     the paid in capital after approval from the appropriate authorities and are not distributable as cash
     dividends.


27   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES, AND ACCRUED CHARGES

                                                                                    As of March 31,
                                                                                      2024          2023
                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

     Trade payables (Note a)
     – Related parties (Note 32(c))                                                 101,002           52,229
     – Third parties                                                                363,742          313,744


                                                                                    464,744          365,973


     Notes payables                                                                 480,000                  –


     Other payable and accrued charges:
     Amounts due to related parties (Note 32(c))                                    171,931            58,950
     Payables in relation to distribution of entertainment events tickets         2,808,251                 –
     Payables in relation to distribution of films                                  533,535          195,690
     Payroll and welfare payable                                                    230,125          152,514
     Accrued marketing expense                                                      134,008          101,293
     Other tax payable                                                               78,456           84,484
     Amounts received on behalf of cinema ticketing system providers                 49,573           44,265
     Professional fees payable                                                       45,997           11,725
     Deposit from customers                                                          12,278            7,624
     Amounts received on behalf of cinemas                                            7,140            3,020
     Others                                                                          77,984           58,033


                                                                                  4,149,278          717,598


     Total trade and other payables, and accrued charges                          5,094,022        1,083,571
250 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     27   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES, AND ACCRUED CHARGES (Continued)

          (a)    Trade payables

                 As of March 31, 2024 and 2023, the aging analysis of the trade payables based on invoice date
                 is as follows:

                                                                                        As of March 31,
                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000

                 0 – 90 days                                                           361,612          267,893
                 91 – 180 days                                                          49,195           44,818
                 181 – 365 days                                                         26,579           25,398
                 Over 365 days                                                          27,358           27,864


                                                                                       464,744          365,973


     28   DEFERRED INCOME TAX
          The analysis of deferred income tax assets and liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                       As of March 31,
                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000

          Deferred income tax assets                                                  110,855           42,848


          Deferred income tax liabilities                                              (73,062)         (77,218)


          Net deferred tax assets                                                      94,718           14,003


          Net deferred tax liabilities                                                 (56,925)         (48,373)
                                                                                 2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT             251
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

28   DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

     The movements in deferred income tax assets during the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 are as
     follows:

                                                                               Accrued
                                              Accumulated                     expenses
                                                   tax loss    Leases        and others          Total
                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

     At April 1, 2022                                    –            –         13,401           13,401
     Adjustment from the adoption of
       amendments to HKAS 12 (note 2.1)                  –      36,688                –          36,688


     At April 1, 2022 (Restated)                         –      36,688          13,401           50,089
     Credited/(charged) to the consolidated
       statement of profit or loss                       –       (7,843)           602           (7,241)


     At March 31, 2023 (Restated)                        –      28,845          14,003           42,848


     At April 1, 2023                                    –      28,845          14,003           42,848
     Credited/(charged) to the consolidated
       statement of profit or loss                  40,258     (12,708)         40,457           68,007


     At March 31, 2024                              40,258      16,137          54,460          110,855
252 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     28   DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

          The movements in deferred income tax liabilities during the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 are
          as follows:

                                                   Long-term                         Changes in
                                                assets arising                      fair value of
                                               from business                            financial
                                                 combination            Leases             assets            Total
                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

          At April 1, 2022                             (21,023)                –          (28,279)          (49,302)
          Adjustment from the adoption of
            amendments to HKAS 12
            (note 2.1)                                        –         (36,688)                 –          (36,688)


          At April 1, 2022 (Restated)                  (21,023)         (36,688)          (28,279)          (85,990)
          Credited/(charged) to the
            consolidated statement of
            profit or loss                               1,900            7,843              (971)            8,772


          At March 31, 2023 (Restated)                 (19,123)         (28,845)          (29,250)          (77,218)


          At April 1, 2023                             (19,123)         (28,845)          (29,250)          (77,218)
          Credited to the consolidated
            statement of profit or loss                  3,270           12,708            23,088            39,066
          Discontinued operations                            –                –             6,162             6,162
          Business combination                         (41,072)               –                 –           (41,072)


          At March 31, 2024                            (56,925)         (16,137)                 –          (73,062)


          Starting from January 1, 2008, the tax law of the PRC requires payment of withholding tax upon the
          distribution of profits earned by the PRC subsidiaries to the foreign shareholders. Deferred income
          tax has not been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect of the temporary
          differences attributable to such profits generated by subsidiaries as the Group is able to control the
          timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will
          not reverse in the foreseeable future.

          Deferred income tax assets are recognized for tax losses carried forward to the extent that realization of
          the related tax benefit through the future taxable profits is probable. As of March 31, 2024, the Group
          had tax losses of RMB1,736,038,000 (2023: RMB3,328,097,000) to carry forward, which were not
          recognized as deferred tax assets as the Directors of the Company consider that the utilization of these
          tax losses in the foreseeable future is not probable, of which an amount of RMB966,139,000 will expire
          through year 2024 to 2031 (2023: RMB2,717,790,000 will expire through year 2023 to 2030), and an
          amount of RMB769,899,000 (2023: RMB610,307,000) has no expiry date.


     29   DIVIDEND

          The Board of Directors of the Company has resolved not to recommend the payment of a dividend for
          the year ended March 31, 2024 (2023: nil).
                                                                              2023/24 年度報告
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT           253
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30   CASH USED IN OPERATIONS

     (a)   Cash used in operations

                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                March 31,
                                                                               2024           2023
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000

           Profit/(loss) before income tax                                 232,697        (279,322)

           – Depreciation of PPE and Right-of-use assets                    29,837         44,375
           – Depreciation of investment properties                           4,031          1,162
           – Amortization of intangible assets                              20,039         14,211
           – Provision for impairment of film and TV copyrights            204,643         58,052
           – Impairment provision/(reversal of impairment provision)
               of trade and other receivables                                52,635            (56)
           – Impairment losses of intangible assets                           7,808              –
           – Impairment losses of right-of-use assets                        14,439              –
           – Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                1,309          1,988
           – Losses on disposal of subsidiaries                              15,131              –
           – Share of loss of investments accounted for using the equity
               method                                                        78,616        39,472
           – Loss on dilution of interest in associates                           –       130,976
           – Provision for impairment of investments accounted for using
               equity method                                               112,552        127,589
           – Change in fair value of film and TV investments, recognized
               in other losses, net                                         (11,151)       (73,787)
           – Change in fair value of investment in structured deposits      (12,655)        (8,700)
           – Change in fair value of investment in wealth management
                products                                                          –            (63)
           – Change in fair value of unlisted investments                    33,150        239,316
           – Change in fair value of listed investment                       22,469        (14,064)
           – Interest income on loan receivables                            (35,376)       (28,952)
           – Finance income, net                                           (178,253)      (108,711)
           – Change in share-based compensation reserve under share
               option scheme and share award scheme                        120,274        204,203

           Changes in working capital:
           – Trade and other receivables, and prepayments                  (606,073)      285,518
           – Film and TV rights and investments                            (448,380)      (10,220)
           – Contract liabilities                                           218,010       (15,940)
           – Trade and other payables, and accrued charges                  993,320       (34,892)
           – Inventories                                                      7,369       (20,913)
           – Financial Liabilities                                           (5,400)       13,050
           – Restricted Cash                                                 (2,020)       17,810


           Cash generated from operations                                  869,021        582,102
254 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     30   CASH USED IN OPERATIONS (Continued)

          (b)   Net cash reconciliation

                An analysis of net cash as of March 31, 2024 and 2023 is as follows:

                                                                                                                         As of March 31,
                                                                                                                           2024          2023
                                                                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000

                Net cash
                Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           4,413,697                      3,919,526
                Structured deposits                                                                                   706,196                              –
                Bank deposits with the maturity over one year                                                       1,217,522                            300,880
                Bank deposits with the maturity over three months                                                   2,296,932                                  –
                Lease liabilities– repayable within one year                                                           (5,897)                        (27,201)
                Lease liabilities– repayable after one year                                                           (58,408)                       (118,566)


                Net cash                                                                                            8,570,042                      4,074,639


                Cash and liquid investments                                                                         8,634,347                      4,220,406
                Gross debt – fixed interest rates                                                                     (64,305)                      (145,767)


                Net cash                                                                                            8,570,042                      4,074,639


                Movements in net cash for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

                                                                              Other assets                                   Liabilities from financing activities

                                                               Investment                 Bank deposits Bank deposits
                                                                 in wealth                     with the      with the
                                                Cash and cash management       Structured maturity over maturity over         Lease
                                                  equivalents     products       deposits     one year three months       liabilities     Borrowing             Total
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

                Net cash as of April 1, 2022       3,538,214             –              –            –              –      (167,870)           (9,375)       3,360,969
                Cash flows                           299,259           (63)        (8,700)     300,000              –        31,950             9,375          631,821
                Foreign exchange adjustments          82,053             –              –            –              –             –                 –           82,053
                Other changes                              –            63          8,700          880              –        (9,847)                –             (204)


                Net cash as of March 31, 2023      3,919,526             –              –      300,880              –      (145,767)                –        4,074,639


                Cash flows                           429,883             –        693,541      900,000      2,254,330        37,072                 –        4,314,826
                Foreign exchange adjustments          64,288             –              –            –              –             –                 –           64,288
                Other changes                              –             –         12,655       16,642         42,602        44,390                 –          116,289


                Net cash as of March 31, 2024      4,413,697             –        706,196     1,217,522     2,296,932       (64,305)                –        8,570,042
                                                                                            2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT             255
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31   COMMITMENTS

     As of March 31, 2024, capital expenditure contracted for but not yet incurred by the Group amounted
     to approximately RMB1,051,327,000 with respect to investments in certain film and TV rights and
     investments accounted for using the equity method (2023: RMB572,137,000).


32   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     As of March 31, 2024, the Company was 54.26% owned by Ali CV. The ultimate parent of the
     Company is Alibaba Holding, a company whose shares are listed on New York Stock Exchange and
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange and incorporated in Cayman Islands.

     Save as disclosed elsewhere in this consolidated financial statements, the following transactions were
     carried out with related parties:


     (a)    Transactions with related parties

                                                                                        For the year ended
                                                                                             March 31,
                                                                                            2024           2023
                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

            Issue of ordinary shares to AIL as consideration for a business
               combination (Note 36)                                                   1,192,204                  –
            Sales of film and TV rights to Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries
               (Note i)                                                                  556,208            648,680
            Provision of services to Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries (Note i)             535,087            643,660
            Purchase of services from Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries (Note i)            169,987            131,796
            Purchase of services from related companies of Alibaba Holding
               (Note i)                                                                   81,253             36,302
            Share-based compensation expenses attributable to the Alibaba
               Holding Group Awards (Note i)                                              35,881             67,818
            Reimbursement amount of the Group Awards from Alibaba
               Holding (Note i)                                                             9,046            10,216
            Provision of services to related companies of Alibaba Holding
               (Note i)                                                                     4,287             1,765
            Provision of services to associates                                             3,935            34,066
            Purchase of services from an associate                                          1,302             5,052


            In the opinion of the Directors of the Company, these related party transactions were carried
            out in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the terms of the underlying
            agreements.

            Note:

            (i)     During the year ended March 31, 2024, most of the above transactions constituted connected
                    transactions under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the HK Stock Exchange.
256 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     32   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

          (b)   Balances due from related parties

                As of March 31, 2024, balances due from related parties comprised:

                                                                                      As of March 31,
                                                                                        2024          2023
                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000

                Trade receivables
                Amounts due from Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries                      1,000,368        637,183
                Amounts due from other related companies                               109,232         25,759
                Amounts due from associates                                             75,886        277,027
                Amounts due from related companies of Alibaba Holding                    1,608          2,462
                Other receivables
                Amounts due from associates and joint ventures                         54,480          60,671
                Amounts due from Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries                           892             760
                Amounts due from related companies of Alibaba Holding                       –             118


                Amounts due from related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due in accordance
                with the terms of the underlying agreements.

                As of March 31, 2024, the Group had a total amount of RMB179,467,000 (2023:
                RMB184,285,000) in the Group’s settlement accounts maintained with Alipay.com Co., Ltd (a
                related company of Alibaba Holding), which had been recorded as ‘cash and cash equivalents’ in
                the consolidated balance sheet and were the settlement amounts derived from the transactions
                between the Group and third parties.
                                                                                    2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT           257
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

32   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (c)   Balances due to related parties

           As of March 31, 2024, balances due to related parties comprised:

                                                                                 As of March 31,
                                                                                   2024          2023
                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000

           Trade payables
           Amounts due to Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries                          84,472           14,506
           Amounts due to a related company of Alibaba Holding                     9,746           21,221
           Amounts due to associates                                               6,784            6,890
           Amounts due to other related companies                                      –            9,612
           Other payables
           Amounts due to Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries                         159,788           44,766
           Amounts due to associates                                              12,143           14,008
           Amounts due to related companies of Alibaba Holding                         –              176
           Contract Liabilities
           Amounts due to Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries                           8,700            8,706


           The balances due to related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due in accordance
           with the terms of the underlying agreement.


     (d)   Key management compensation

           The compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                For the year ended
                                                                                     March 31,
                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000

           Salaries, allowances and other benefits                                 3,918            2,981
           Share-based payments                                                   12,099           12,359


                                                                                  16,017           15,340
258 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     33   BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

          (a)   Balance sheet of the Company

                                                                                       As of March 31,
                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000

                Assets
                Non-current assets
                Intangible assets                                                           200          200
                Investments in subsidiaries                                          18,332,312   17,075,981


                                                                                     18,332,512   17,076,181


                Current assets
                Cash and cash equivalents                                                 7,608      15,053


                                                                                          7,608      15,053


                Total assets                                                         18,340,120   17,091,234


                Equity and liabilities
                Equity attributable to owners of the Company
                Share capital                                                         6,026,151    5,452,976
                Reserves                                                             12,313,969   11,635,674


                Total equity                                                         18,340,120   17,088,650


                Current liabilities
                Trade and other payables, and accrued charges                                 –        2,584


                Total liabilities                                                             –        2,584


                Total equity and liabilities                                         18,340,120   17,091,234


                The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on May 29, 2024
                and was signed on its behalf by:

                Fan Luyuan                                      Meng Jun
                Executive Director & Chairman                   Executive Director
                                                                                                                            2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT                         259
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33   BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
     (Continued)

     (b)   Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                             Shares held                                              Retained
                                                                     Share     for share                              Share-based    Earnings/
                                                      Share    redemption         award        Other    Contributed compensation (Accumulated
                                                   premium         reserve       scheme      reserve        surplus       reserve       losses)         Total
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000

           At April 1, 2022                      13,423,271           863       (233,757)          –        61,486        350,359       674,491     14,276,713
           Shares purchased for share award
             scheme                                       –              –        (4,473)          –             –              –              –        (4,473)
           Shares vested under share award
             scheme                                       –              –       29,339            –             –        (29,339)             –             –
           Value of employee services provided
             under share option scheme and
             share award scheme                           –              –             –           –             –        136,385              –      136,385
           Value of employee services provided
             in relation to share- based payment
             transactions with ultimate parent            –              –             –           –             –         67,818              –       67,818
           Value of share-based compensation
             allocated to ultimate parent                 –              –             –     (10,216)            –         10,216              –             –
           Settlement of share-based
             compensation cost with ultimate
             parent                                       –              –             –      (4,050)            –              –              –        (4,050)
           Loss for the year                              –              –             –           –             –              –     (2,836,719)   (2,836,719)

           At March 31, 2023                     13,423,271           863       (208,891)    (14,266)       61,486        535,439     (2,162,228)   11,635,674


           At April 1, 2023                       13,423,271          863      (208,891)     (14,266)       61,486        535,439     (2,162,228)   11,635,674
           Issue of ordinary shares as
              consideration for a business
              combination, net of transaction
              costs and tax                          619,029             –             –           –             –              –              –      619,029
           Shares purchased for share award
              scheme                                       –             –        (1,733)          –             –              –              –        (1,733)
           Shares vested under share award
              scheme                                       –             –      111,187            –             –       (111,187)             –             –
           Value of employee services provided
              under share option scheme and
              share award scheme                           –             –             –           –             –         84,393              –       84,393
           Value of employee services provided
              in relation to share- based payment
              transactions with ultimate parent            –             –             –           –             –         35,881              –       35,881
           Value of share-based compensation
              allocated to ultimate parent                 –             –             –      (9,046)            –          9,046              –             –
           Settlement of share-based
              compensation cost with ultimate
              parent                                       –             –             –     (51,188)            –              –              –       (51,188)
           Loss for the year                               –             –             –           –             –              –         (8,087)       (8,087)

           At March 31, 2024                     14,042,300           863        (99,437)    (74,500)       61,486        553,572     (2,170,315)   12,313,969
260 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     34   SUBSIDIARIES

          (a)   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at March 31, 2024:

                                                Place of                                                                 Proportion of equity
                                                incorporation/                        Particulars of Proportion of equity interests held by
                                                registration and     Place of          issued share interests held by      non-controlling
                Name                            kind of legal entity operation               capital    the Company           interests       Principal activities
                                                                                                        2024       2023     2024       2023
                                                                                                         (%)        (%)      (%)        (%)

                SAC Enterprises Limited         Hong Kong/Limited     Hong Kong             Ordinary     100        100         –          –    Provision of
                                                  liability company               HK$12,607,216,223                                               management
                                                                                                                                                  services to group
                                                                                                                                                  companies

                Alibaba Pictures Entertainment Hong Kong/Limited      Hong Kong        Ordinary HK$1     100        100         –          –    Investment in and
                  Media Limited                  liability company                                                                                production and
                                                                                                                                                  distribution of
                                                                                                                                                  film&TV rights

                Beijing Alibaba Pictures Culture PRC/Limited liability PRC          Registered Capital      –         –         –          –    Film distribution,
                  Co., Ltd.                        company                          RMB410,000,000                                                 film production;
                  (北京阿里巴巴影業文化有限                                                                                                                    performance
                  公司) (Note ii)                                                                                                                    brokerage;
                                                                                                                                                   production of
                                                                                                                                                   broadcasting &
                                                                                                                                                   television
                                                                                                                                                   programs

                Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin)      PRC/Limited liability PRC           Registered Capital      –         –         –          –    Production of
                  Co.,Ltd                         company                           RMB165,000,000                                                broadcasting &
                  (阿里巴巴影業(天津)有限                                                                                                                   television
                  公司) (Note ii)                                                                                                                   programs

                Zhonglian Shengshi Culture PRC/Wholly foreign PRC                   Registered Capital   100        100         –          –    Investment holding
                  (Beijing) Co., Ltd.        owned enterprise                       RMB100,000,000
                  中聯盛世文化(北京)有限公司

                Alibaba Shouquanbao (Tianjin) PRC/Limited liability PRC             Registered Capital      –         –         –          –    Advertising and sale
                  Culture Communication Co., company                                 RMB10,000,000                                                of entertainment
                  Ltd.                                                                                                                            related
                  阿里巴巴授權寶(天津)文化傳                                                                                                                  merchandise and
                  播有限公司(Note ii)                                                                                                                  derivative
                                                                                                                                                  products

                Guangdong Alibaba Pictures      PRC/Limited liability PRC           Registered Capital   100        100         –          –    Supply of cinema
                 Yunzhi Software Co.,Ltd.         company                            RMB10,000,000                                                ticketing and
                 廣東阿里影業雲智軟件                                                                                                                       connecting
                 有限公司                                                                                                                             software systems
                                                                                                                         2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT                           261
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34   SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

     (a)   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at March 31, 2024:
           (Continued)

                                          Place of                                                               Proportion of equity
                                          incorporation/                      Particulars of Proportion of equity interests held by
                                          registration and     Place of        issued share interests held by      non-controlling
           Name                           kind of legal entity operation             capital    the Company           interests       Principal activities
                                                                                                2024       2023     2024       2023
                                                                                                 (%)        (%)      (%)        (%)

           Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba     PRC/Limited liability PRC          Registered Capital      –         –         –          –    Investment in and
             Pictures Co., Ltd.            company                           RMB50,000,000                                                production and
             浙江東陽阿里巴巴影業有限                                                                                                                 distribution of film
             公司(Note ii)                                                                                                                  and TV copyrights;
                                                                                                                                          investment
                                                                                                                                          management

           Zhejiang Dongyang           PRC/Limited liability PRC            Registered Capital      –         –         –          –    Investment in and
             Microcosmic Movie & Media company                              RMB150,000,000                                                production and
             Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                    distribution of film
             浙江東陽小宇宙影視傳媒                                                                                                                  and TV copyrights
             有限公司(Note ii)

           Beijing Fannifanni Culture    PRC/Limited liability PRC          Registered Capital      –         –         –          –    Production of variety
             Media Co.,Ltd.                company                            RMB1,000,000                                                shows, television
             北京蕃尼蕃尼文化傳媒有限                                                                                                                 programs and
             公司(Note ii)                                                                                                                  short dramas for
                                                                                                                                          children

           Beijing Yulebao Movie & Media PRC /Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –         –         –          –    Investment in and
             Co., Ltd.                     company                           RMB90,000,000                                                production and
             北京娛樂寶影視傳媒有限                                                                                                                  distribution of film
             公司(Note ii)                                                                                                                  and TV copyrights

           Shanghai Taopiaoer            PRC /Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital    96.7      96.7        3.3       3.3    Online movie
             Information Technology        company                           RMB64,800,000                                               ticketing agent
             Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                   & software
             上海淘票兒信息科技                                                                                                                   development
             有限公司

           Alibaba Pictures Media LLC    USA /Limited liability USA                      N/A      100       100          –         –    Investment in and
                                           company                                                                                        production of film
                                                                                                                                          rights

           Hangzhou Tao Piao Piao         PRC/Sino foreign     PRC         Registered Capital    96.7      96.7        3.3       3.3    Online movie
             technology Co., Ltd.           cooperative                     US$193,191,909                                               ticketing agent
             (杭州淘票票科技有限公司)
262 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     34   SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

          (a)   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at March 31, 2024:
                (Continued)

                                               Place of                                                               Proportion of equity
                                               incorporation/                      Particulars of Proportion of equity interests held by
                                               registration and     Place of        issued share interests held by      non-controlling
                Name                           kind of legal entity operation             capital    the Company           interests       Principal activities
                                                                                                     2024       2023     2024       2023
                                                                                                      (%)        (%)      (%)        (%)

                Shanghai Tao Piao Piao         PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –         –         –          –    Film investment;
                  Movie&TV Culture Co., Ltd.     company                          RMB10,000,000                                                 film distribution;
                  上海淘票票影視文化有限                                                                                                                   ticketing agency;
                  公司(Note i)                                                                                                                    technological
                                                                                                                                                consultation,
                                                                                                                                                technology
                                                                                                                                                transfer and
                                                                                                                                                technology
                                                                                                                                                services in the
                                                                                                                                                professional
                                                                                                                                                field of network
                                                                                                                                                technology;
                                                                                                                                                e-commerce

                Shanghai Alibaba Pictures Co., PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –         –         –          –    Film investment, film
                  Ltd.                           company                          RMB30,000,000                                                 production
                  上海阿里巴巴影業有限
                  公司(Note ii)

                Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse    PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –         –         –          –    Film Distribution and
                  Culture Media Co., Ltd.北       company                           RMB3,000,000                                                 Marketing
                  京藍天黑馬文化傳媒有限
                  公司(Note ii)

                Zhongyu (Tianjin) Commercial   PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –         –         –          –    Factoring
                  Factoring Co., Ltd.            company                          RMB50,000,000
                  中娛(天津)商業保理有限
                  公司(Note ii)

                Beijing Taoxiu New Media       PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –         –         –          –    Internet Information
                  Technology Co., Ltd.           company                           RMB5,000,000                                                 services,
                  北京淘秀新媒體科技                                                                                                                     advertising and
                  有限公司(Note ii)                                                                                                                 marketing

                Cool Young Culture             PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –         –         –          –    Talent agency
                  Communication Co., Ltd.        company                          RMB50,000,000
                  酷漾文化傳播有限公司
                  (Note i)
                                                                                                                            2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT                           263
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34   SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

     (a)   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at March 31, 2024:
           (Continued)

                                             Place of                                                               Proportion of equity
                                             incorporation/                      Particulars of Proportion of equity interests held by
                                             registration and     Place of        issued share interests held by      non-controlling
           Name                              kind of legal entity operation             capital    the Company           interests       Principal activities
                                                                                                   2024       2023     2024       2023
                                                                                                    (%)        (%)      (%)        (%)

           Beijing Yunshangzhi Software      PRC /Limited liability PRC       Registered Capital    100         70         –        30     Software
             Development Co., Ltd.             company                          RMB28,570,000                                                development
             北京雲尚制軟件開發
             有限公司

           Taomailang (Beijing)              PRC /Limited liability PRC       Registered Capital       –         –         –          –    Computer system
             Technology Co., Ltd               company                          RMB10,000,000                                                services
             淘麥郎(北京)科技有限公司
             (Note ii)

           Alibaba Pictures (Beijing) Co.,   PRC /Limited liability PRC       Registered Capital       –         –         –          –    Investment in and
             Ltd.                              company                          RMB30,000,000                                                production and
             阿里巴巴影業(北京)有限                                                                                                                    distribution of film
             公司 (Note ii)                                                                                                                    and TV copyrights

           Aliyu (Tianjin) Culture           PRC /Limited liability PRC       Registered Capital       –         –         –          –    IP-related products
             Communication Co., Ltd.           company                           RMB1,000,000
             阿鯉魚(天津)文化傳播有限
             公司(Note ii)

           Koitake (Beijing)                 PRC /Limited liability PRC       Registered Capital       –         –         –          –    Sale of pop toys
             Technology Co., Ltd.              company                          RMB10,000,000
             錦鯉拿趣(北京)科技
             有限公司(Note ii)

           Beijing Damai Culture             PRC/                  PRC        Registered Capital       –         –         –          –    Organization,
             Communication Co., Ltd.         Limited liability                   RMB1,000,000                                                investment,
             北京大麥文化傳播有限公                     company                                                                                         production and
             司(Note i)                                                                                                                       promotion of
                                                                                                                                             the performance
                                                                                                                                             content

           Beijing Damai Cultural Media      PRC/                  PRC        Registered Capital       –         –         –          –    Ticketing of
             Development Co., Ltd.           Limited liability                  RMB30,000,000                                                 performances,
             北京大麥文化傳媒發展                      company                                                                                          on-site services,
             有限公司(Note i)                                                                                                                     ticketing issuance
                                                                                                                                              system and venue
                                                                                                                                              operations
264 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     34   SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

          (a)   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at March 31, 2024:
                (Continued)

                Note:

                (i)     These are subsidiaries arising from the Contractual Arrangements (Note 2.2.1.1(a)).

                (ii)    These are subsidiaries of the OPCOs (Note i). Pursuant to the respective Memorandum and Articles
                        of Association of these subsidiaries, the OPCOs have power to control the operating and financial
                        affairs of these subsidiaries. Accordingly, they are treated as the subsidiaries of the Company under
                        HKFRS 10 and their results, assets and liabilities are consolidated with those of the Group.


                The above list includes the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the Directors
                of the Company, principally affect the results of the Group for the year or form a substantial
                portion of the assets and liabilities of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in
                the opinion of the Directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.


          (b)   Material non-controlling interests

                The total non-controlling interests as of March 31, 2024 amounted to RMB98,484,000 (2023:
                RMB40,376,000). No subsidiary has non-controlling interests that are material to the Group.


     35   DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

          (i)   Description

                During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Group disposed one of its subsidiaries operating
                the film screening business, Tianjin Junsheng Film Management Co., Ltd (“Tianjin Junsheng”).
                Tianjin Junsheng is the holding company of Hangzhou Xingji Movie&TV Culture Co., Ltd. and
                Nanjing Pairui Cinema Management Co.,. Tianjin Junsheng was disposed in February 2024 and is
                reported in the current period as a discontinued operation. Financial information relating to the
                discontinued operation for the period to the date of disposal is set out below.
                                                                     2023/24 年度報告
                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT           265
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

35   DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Continued)

     (ii)    Financial performance and cash flow information

                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                       March 31,
                                                                      2024           2023
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

             Revenue                                                16,592         19,804
             Expenses                                              (65,591)       (38,787)
             Other income                                               80            375
             Other (losses)/gains                                      (18)           775
             Finance expense, (net)                                 (3,580)        (7,374)


             Loss before income tax                                (52,517)       (25,207)
             Income tax expense                                      6,162              –


             Loss after income tax of discontinued operations      (46,355)       (25,207)
             Loss on sale of the subsidiaries after income tax     (15,131)             –


             Loss from discontinued operations                     (61,486)       (25,207)


             Net cash inflow from operating activities               9,604          8,813
             Net cash inflow from investing activities                   –          3,945
             Net cash outflow from financing activities             (9,264)       (18,281)


             Net increase in cash generated by the subsidiaries       340          (5,523)


     (iii)   Details of the sale of the subsidiaries

                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                       March 31,
                                                                      2024           2023
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

             Total disposal consideration                            4,000              –
             Carrying amount of net assets sold                    (19,131)             –


             Loss on sale                                          (15,131)             –
266 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     36   BUSINESS COMBINATION

          On September 19, 2023, the Company entered into the Share Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which
          the Company had conditionally agreed to acquire, and Alibaba Investment Limited (the “Seller”) had
          conditionally agreed to sell, at the closing date, the entire issued share capital of Pony Media Holdings
          Inc. (the “Target Company”), in consideration for the issue of 2,513,028,847 shares in aggregate by
          the Company to the Seller. The closing date of the transaction was November 30, 2023.

          Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as follows:

                                                                                                          RMB’000

          Purchase consideration:
            Ordinary shares issued                                                                       1,192,204


          The fair value of 2,513,028,847 shares issued as the consideration paid of US$167 million for the
          Target Company (equivalent to approximately RMB1,192 million) was based on the results arrived
          at after arm’s length negotiations between the Company and the Seller, taking into account various
          factors, including the average Volume Weighted Average Price for the 30 consecutive trading days up
          to and include the Last Trading Day etc.

          The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                                         Fair value
                                                                                                          RMB’000

          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       2,075,033
          Bank deposits with the maturity over one year                                                     200,000
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                           1,300,000
          Trade and other receivables, and prepayments                                                      510,726
          Property, plant and equipment                                                                      28,884
          Investment properties                                                                              19,077
          Current income tax recoverable                                                                        805
          Right-of-use assets                                                                                 1,617
          Intangible assets: Patent                                                                           6,005
          Intangible assets: Brand name                                                                      38,285
          Intangible assets: Customer Relationship                                                          115,720
          Trade and other payables, and accrued charges                                                  (3,038,261)
          Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                   (41,072)
          Contract liabilities                                                                              (26,614)
          Lease liabilities                                                                                  (1,767)


          Net identifiable assets acquired                                                               1,188,438
          Add: goodwill                                                                                      3,766


          Net assets acquired                                                                            1,192,204
                                                                                          2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT           267
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

36   BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)

     The goodwill is attributable to the high profitability of the acquired business. It will not be deductible
     for tax purposes.

     There were no acquisitions in the year ended March 31, 2023.


     Revenue and profit contribution

     The acquired business contributed revenues of RMB394,277,000 and net profit of RMB224,296,000 to
     the Group for the period from December 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024.

     If the acquisition had occurred on April 1, 2023, consolidated pro-forma revenue and profit for the year
     ended March 31, 2024 would have been RMB5,904,062,000 and RMB980,077,000 respectively. These
     amounts have been calculated using the subsidiary’s results and adjusting them for:

     •      differences in the accounting policies between the Group and the subsidiary, and

     •      the additional depreciation and amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair
            value adjustments to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets had applied from April
            1, 2023, together with the consequential tax effects.


     Acquisition-related costs

     Acquisition-related costs of RMB7,990,000 that were not directly attributable to the issue of shares are
     included in administrative expenses in the statement of profit or loss and in operating cash flows in the
     statement of cash flows.
268 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     37   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS

          (a)   Directors’ and chief executives’ emoluments

                The remuneration of Directors and the chief executive of the Company for the year ended March
                31, 2024 is set out below:

                                                                                                             Employer’s
                                                                                                           contributions       Social
                                                                                                                  to the     security
                                                                                              Allowances retirement             costs
                                                                                 Share-based and benefits        benefit  excluding
                                                           Salary Discretionary compensation      in kind       scheme retirement
                                                  Fees   (Note iv)     bonuses       (Note v)   (Note vii) (Note 37(b))          cost     Total
                                               RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

                Name

                Executive Directors
                Mr. Fan Luyuan (Note i)              –          –            –         2,496             –            –             –     2,496
                Mr. Meng Jun (Note ii)               –          –            –           667             –            –             –       667
                Mr. Li Jie                           –      1,761        2,000         8,936            36           59           62     12,854
                Non-Executive Directors
                Mr. Liu Zheng (Note iii)             –          –            –             –             –            –             –         –
                Mr. Tung Pen Hung (Note iii)         –          –            –             –             –            –             –         –
                Independent non-executive
                  Directors
                Ms. Song Lixin (Note vi)           258          –            –             –             –            –             –       258
                Mr. Tong Xiaomeng (Note vi)        313          –            –             –             –            –             –       313
                Mr. Johnny Chen (Note vi)          276          –            –             –             –            –             –       276


                                                   847      1,761        2,000        12,099            36           59           62     16,864
                                                                                                                  2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT                    269
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

37   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     (a)   Directors’ and chief executives’ emoluments (Continued)

           The remuneration of Directors and the chief executive of the Company for the year ended March
           31, 2023 is set out below:

                                                                                                               Employer’s
                                                                                                             contributions
                                                                                                                    to the     Social
                                                                                                Allowances retirement security costs
                                                                               Share -based    and benefits        benefit excluding
                                                      Salary    Discretionary compensation          in kind       scheme retirement
                                            Fees    (Note iv)        bonuses        (Note v)      (Note vii) (Note 37(b))       cost       Total
                                         RMB’000   RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000

           Name

           Executive Directors
           Mr. Fan Luyuan (Note i)             –           –              –           2,165              –            –            –      2,165
           Mr. Meng Jun (Note ii)              –           –              –             675              –            –            –        675
           Mr. Li Jie                          –      1,764          1,100            7,106            20            41           57     10,088
           Non-Executive Directors
           Mr. Liu Zheng (Note iii)            –           –              –               –              –            –            –           –
           Independent non-executive
             Directors
           Ms. Song Lixin (Note vi)          245           –              –               –              –            –            –        245
           Mr. Tong Xiaomeng (Note vi)       297           –              –               –              –            –            –        297
           Mr. Johnny Chen (Note vi)         262           –              –               –              –            –            –        262


                                             804      1,764          1,100            9,946            20            41           57     13,732
270 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     37   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)

                Notes:

                (i)      Except for the share-based compensation, the remaining emoluments of Mr. Fan Luyuan were paid
                         by Alibaba Group.

                (ii)     Except for the share-based compensation, the remaining emoluments of Mr. Meng Jun were paid by
                         Alibaba Group.

                (iii)    Mr. Liu Zheng was appointed as non-executive director on October 18, 2021 and ceased to serve as
                         a non-executive director with effect from May 15, 2023. The emoluments of Mr. Liu Zheng which
                         were not included in director’s emoluments were paid by Alibaba Group. Mr. Tung Pen Hung was
                         appointed as non-executive director on May 15, 2023. The emoluments of Mr. Tung Pen Hung which
                         were not included in director’s emoluments were paid by Alibaba Group.

                (iv)     Salary paid to a director is generally an emolument paid or receivable in respect of that person’s
                         other services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries
                         undertakings.

                (v)      The values of share-based compensation are based on the share based compensation recognized for
                         the year.

                (vi)     During the year ended March 31, 2024, the total remuneration paid to each of Ms. Song Lixin, Mr.
                         Tong Xiaomeng and Mr. Johnny Chen comprised director’s fee.

                (vii)    Includes housing allowances and estimated money value of other non-cash benefits, such as car and
                         insurance premium.


                No directors of the Company waived any emoluments and no emoluments were paid by the
                Group to any of the directors of the Company as an inducement to join or upon joining the
                Group or as a compensation for loss of office as director during the year ended March 31, 2024
                (2023: nil).


          (b)   Directors’ retirement benefits

                The retirement benefits paid to Mr. Li Jie during the year ended March 31, 2024 by a defined
                benefit pension plan operated by the Group in respect of Mr. Li Jie’s services in connection with
                the management of the affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries undertaking is RMB59,000
                (2023: RMB41,000). No other retirement benefits were paid to Mr. Li Jie in respect of Mr. Li Jie’s
                other services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiary
                undertaking (2023: same).


          (c)   Directors’ termination benefits

                No payment was made to directors as compensation for early termination of the appointment
                during the year ended March 31, 2024 (2023: nil).
                                                                                        2023/24 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT             271
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

37   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     (d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ service

           No payment was made to the former employer of directors or third parties for making available
           the services as a director of the Company during the year ended March 31, 2024 (2023: nil).


     (e)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors,
           controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors

           There were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies
           corporate by and connected entities with such directors during the year ended March 31, 2024
           (2023: nil).


     (f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

           No significant transaction, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to
           which the group companies were parties and in which a director of the Company had a material
           interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the
           year ended March 31, 2024 (2023: nil).


     (g)   Directors’ emoluments

           The remuneration of Directors is set out below:

           For the year ended March 31, 2024

                                           Aggregate emoluments paid
                                           to or receivable by directors
           Aggregate emoluments paid           in respect of their other
            to or receivable by directors   services in connection with
           in respect of their services as      the management of the
                                directors        affairs of the Company                                 Total
                                RMB’000                          RMB’000                              RMB’000

                                       847                              16,017                          16,864


           For the year ended March 31, 2023

                                                 Aggregate emoluments paid
                                                  to or receivable by directors
              Aggregate emoluments paid                in respect of their other
              to or receivable by directors    services in connection with the
             in respect of their services as    management of the affairs of
                                   directors                      the Company                            Total
                                  RMB’000                              RMB’000                        RMB’000

                                       804                              12,928                          13,732
272 2023/24 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     RESULTS

                                                             For the year ended March 31,
                                                2020          2021            2022           2023         2024
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

     Continuing operations
     Revenue                                2,874,694     2,858,897      3,652,170       3,500,553     5,035,713


     (Loss)/profit before income tax       (1,136,616)     (117,987)       128,902        (254,115)     300,345
     Income tax (expense)/credit              (29,200)          802         25,413             415       58,610


     (Loss)/profit for the period/year
       from continuing operations          (1,165,816)     (117,185)       154,315        (253,700)     358,955


     Discontinued operations
     Loss for the year from discontinued
       operations                                   –             –               –        (25,207)      (61,486)

     (Loss)/profit attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                 (1,150,570)      (96,311)       169,853        (291,132)     284,790
     Non-controlling interests                (15,246)      (20,874)       (15,538)         12,225       12,679


                                           (1,165,816)     (117,185)       154,315        (278,907)     297,469


     ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                                      As of March 31,
                                                2020          2021            2022           2023         2024
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

     Total assets                          15,847,879    15,540,882     15,576,698      15,571,638    21,459,900
     Total liabilities                     (1,871,409)   (1,702,944)    (1,533,696)     (1,461,427)   (5,639,020)


     Total equity                          13,976,470    13,837,938     14,043,002      14,110,211    15,820,880
     Non-controlling interest                 (78,094)      (51,617)       (25,895)        (40,376)      (98,484)


     Equity attributable to
       owners of the Company               13,898,376    13,786,321     14,017,107      14,069,835    15,722,396
